Chapter Vol 2 814: terrifying fire beast

"The guardian has successfully crossed the calamity..." As Song Yue's voice just fell, suddenly in the molten world, a behemoth slowly emerged from the molten world!

Still a fire beast of life and death!

It's just that the fire beast of life and death at this time has already undergone obvious changes on its body, and has successfully survived the calamity. Some rare earth-yellow flames faintly appeared in the body, and this flame clearly has a trace of holy The smell of fire!

The current life and death fire beasts are undoubtedly many times stronger than before the calamity!

"Hoohoho!" The fire beast of life and death just appeared, and suddenly raised its head to the sky with a long roar. The deafening sound made many strong men feel a burst of fear.

The next moment, many strong people felt an extremely powerful suppression!

"Boom boom boom!" Life and Death Fire Beast glanced at Xiao Yan casually, as if he knew where Xiao Yan was and couldn't mess with him, but he turned his eyes towards other people, his eyes were extremely fierce.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After all, Xiao Yan had already agreed with it before that these people were Xiao Yan's companions. As for the others, it didn't matter how they attacked Xiao Yan.

"Eight-star Dou Di-level magical beast..." Song Yue frowned immediately upon seeing this. Obviously, this guardian's current strength is too terrifying, and I'm afraid it won't help to unite with everyone here.

"get out."

"Otherwise...die!" After the fire beast of life and death finished speaking, it spit out a breath, covering Xiao Yan and his party, and then without hesitation, the breath directly sent everyone into the molten world.

"asshole!"

I don't know who said something, and his eyes suddenly turned red.

Now, I am afraid that the stupid people know that the breakthrough of the guardian just now should be related to Xiao Yan, so now the guardian has broken through, naturally, in order to repay Xiao Yan's kindness, and send them directly to the Spring of Life and Death!

"Let's start together!"

"It is absolutely impossible to let Xiao Yan and the others succeed!" It seemed that they did not give up, and then many strong men said in their hearts.

"Boom boom boom!" With the simultaneous action of many strong men, the terrifying energy of life immediately gathered into an extremely dazzling beam of light, attacking the fire beast of life and death!

"Humph!" Although the fire beast of life and death has just broken through, its internal strength is a little weak, but it is too ridiculous if he can't even handle these little shrimps with his current strength at the level of a dignified eight-star fighting emperor.

With the sound of the fire beast of life and death, the molten slurry tumbled violently, and in a short period of time, it converged into a ferocious beast. The light group of the power of life!

"No, go back!" Song Yue was not reconciled at first. After all, the temptation of Yiquan of life and death was too great, so those who were lucky still remained here.

However, when the fire beasts of life and death started to fire, Song Yue knew that his group had no chance at all.

"Since there is no relationship between life and death Eryiquan..."

"Let's go!" Song Yue took the brunt of the brunt and gave a direct whistle. Then, without stopping, he rolled up his red jade hand and pulled it to run out.

"No, it's too strong." Seeing this, the five poisons could not help but snorted coldly, and immediately exited the place with Lin Zhu. As for the other Feng Hong, Du Chun and Xing Taki all looked at each other and immediately retreated. go out.

"Bad luck!" The other powerhouses watched the strongest ones withdraw one after another, and immediately looked at the rapidly collapsing light group of life force being attacked by the fire beasts of life and death.

"A group of cowards." Seeing this, the fire beasts of life and death opened their mouths slightly.

But now calm down.

The Fire Beast of Life and Death has already broken through the Eight-Star Dou Di. Now it obviously needs to rest. As for Xiao Yan and the others, they have already headed towards the Spring of Life and Death. Whether they can succeed in the end depends on their fortunes.

"Xiao Yan, you just..." Xiu Qi and his group walked towards the Eryi Spring of Life and Death, and then Xiu Qi couldn't help but said.

Xiao Yan's action to kill Qi Haoran just now was clearly seen by those present.

"Alas..." Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately knew the seriousness of this matter, and immediately shook his head slightly.

If he killed the little shrimp like in the Ming Sect, it would be fine, but if he killed such an important disciple of the Xuanling Royal Family, I am afraid that the Xuanling Royal Family would not give up, and because of their relationship with the Xuanling Royal Family, I am afraid that the Xuanling Royal Family will take advantage of this. At that time, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's talent will be abnormal, and the Fenxiang Pavilion will not be able to protect him.

"I believe in you." Just when a few people were wondering, Yue Ru and Mu Yingying both cast a firm look at Xiao Yan.

"What happened just now is indeed as you can see. Qi Haoran wanted to kill it, but the Xuanling royal family seems to be related to the foreign evil clan, so the killing just now was completely manslaughter, because I have someone who can deal with the foreign evil clan in my hands. something, so just now that thing broke free from my shackles and directly killed Qi Haoran."

"Otherwise, with my current strength, it would still be difficult to kill Qi Haoran in seconds." Xiao Yan explained.

"The Xuanling royal family is actually related to the foreign evil clan?" Xiu Qi heard the words, her eyes slightly wrinkled, she knew that the four characters of the foreign evil clan were terrifying in the entire Great Thousand World!

In the Daqian world, many places have been eroded by the foreign evil clan, so no matter who they are, they can be regarded as extremely resentful towards the foreign evil clan, so if any force secretly colludes with the foreign evil clan, it will undoubtedly be regarded by the people of Daqian World. Fight for the enemy!

"I don't know, but Qi Haoran and Qi Haoqing have the aura of a foreign evil clan at a real price, and the strength of the two of them has also skyrocketed under the influence of the foreign evil clan's breath."

"I originally wanted to catch them and investigate, but Qi Haoqing escaped." Xiao Yan said regretfully.

"It seems that this matter is too serious, you must be careful."

"As soon as the matter is over, report to the respective sects immediately. This kind of thing is beyond the scope of what we can solve." Xiu Qi said solemnly.

"Evil clan from outside the realm..." Qin Xin heard the words, a trace of resentment flashed in her eyes, obviously every time she heard these words, Qin Xin felt uncomfortable.

"After the ruins incident this time, I'm afraid the situation of Xuan Santian will change." Leng Fuyao seemed to know something.

"Let's take a step by step, if the Xuanling royal family really wants to do something to me Xiao Yan for Qi Haoran, then even if I die, I have to nibble off a big piece of meat from the Xuanling royal family." Xiao Yan smiled in disbelief. He said with a smile, but everyone knew the firmness in his voice.

"Don't worry, there are us too." Mu Feng heard Xiao Yan's voice and put his hand on his shoulder, Mu Yingying and Qin Xin also laughed.

"Let's go, below is the entrance to the Spring of Life and Death." Xiao Yan's heart flickered with a hint of warmth, and then he slowly walked down.

Ask for tickets!

Today, my friend was sick and accompany him to the hospital, when he missed the time