Chapter 588: Devour the Holy Flame!

Looking at the roaring power of the Fire Heart Tianyan's source holy flame and the holy flame crystal wrapped in it, a rare smile appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth!

Xiao Yan has longed for this day for too long, and today finally got his wish, how could Xiao Yan not be excited!

"It's too early to be happy, the next step is the most critical step, if you can't stop it..." Long Yi suddenly woke Xiao Yan.

"En!" Xiao Yan said in a deep voice. Although he didn't know the danger of swallowing the holy flame, since this holy flame is more powerful than the abnormal fire, it will naturally be more dangerous to swallow than the abnormal fire. That huge different fire square wraps itself!

No matter what, the existence of this square of different fires can somewhat reduce the impact caused by swallowing holy flames!

The source of Huoxin Tianyan came to Xiao Yan in an instant, and then the Xiao clan pattern on the forehead was looming and extremely obscure.

"Kid, this emperor's name is Xinyan, and he is the thirty-fifth holy flame on the holy flame list. Although you are still weak now, this emperor believes that there will be no cowards in the Xiao family, and I I saw the shadow of that old guy in you."

"This emperor, Huoxin Tianyan, is willing to follow!" A coercive voice emanated from the Huoxin Tianyan Huo Ying.

The coercive voice made this space of heaven and earth tremble slightly!

"Huhuhu!" Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded secretly, and worked hard to adjust his breath. When his breath returned to its peak, he did not hesitate. On the palm of his hand, the power of twenty-three different fires instantly wrapped, and then directly Grab the source of the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock in front of you!

Because Xiao Yan knew for a long time that the source of holy flame must be swallowed into the body first, to withstand the devastating impact before it can be regarded as a real swallowing!

"Boom boom boom!" Just when he touched the power of the khaki holy flame around Huoxin Tianyan, a strong force came from his body, and Xiao Yan felt dizzy as the terrifying temperature stabbed him!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"As expected of the Holy Flame!" Although he didn't know the secret between the Holy Flame and the Different Fire, there were as many as twenty-three different types of flames in Xiao Yan's palm, and there was no counterattack in front of the Holy Flame. The place is enough to see the horror of this holy flame!

"Come out for me!" Xiao Yan directly ignored the tingling pains from his palms, his blue veins burst out, his breath suddenly lifted, and he shouted!

With Xiao Yan's personality that is not afraid of death, the khaki-yellow holy flame power from this Huoxin Tianyan's body is just like clear water, and it follows Xiao Yan's palm and leaves it on top of his body!

"Ahhhh!" Just as a trace of earthy yellow holy flame power entered Xiao Yan's body, a terrifying coercion suddenly radiated from Xiao Yan's body!

As for the khaki-yellow holy flame power, it flowed directly around Xiao Yan's body!

"Damn!"

"This holy flame is actually so terrifying!" Xiao Yan's pupils were full of bloodshots, and these bloodshots were clearly caused by the terrifying power that the holy flame had just entered into the body!

"Boy, hold on to this Emperor!" Huo Xin Tianyan glanced at the source power that was constantly being deposited into Xiao Yan's body, and immediately said!

"It's alright... continue!" Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and said, and then quickly absorbed it!

Because Xiao Yan knew that just a little bit of holy flame power had already loosened up the Fen Jue who had been stagnant ever since he came to Dou Di Continent!

"Ah, ah, ah!" The screams were endless, but under this situation, Xiao Yan's limbs gradually became stronger!

After a brief scream, on Xiao Yan's forehead, the pattern of the Xiao clan suddenly appeared, and a trace of gentle power continued to nourish Xiao Yan.

After a while, Xiao Yan got used to the power of this holy flame a lot, and then the huge soul power in his body was suddenly dispatched, trying to devour the whole source of holy flame!

"Hehe, what a brave boy!"

"First swallow a few traces of the power of holy flame, let your body adapt, and then devour the entire holy flame in one go."

"Not bad, not bad." Xin Yan smiled slightly, obviously quite satisfied with what Xiao Yan did.

Xinyan's voice just fell, and without waiting for Xiao Yan's soul power to mobilize, he directly entered Xiao Yan's body!

"Damn it!" The remaining nearly 80% of the power of the source of holy flame had just entered Xiao Yan's body, and Xiao Yan's body had turned khaki-colored, and he suddenly felt that his body was like a huge furnace that could erupt at any time.

The Dou Qi in Xiao Yan's body has long been a fusion of twenty-three kinds of different fires, so the khaki-colored holy flame power and the Dou Qi strange fire power in Xiao Yan's body have just met, they are trying to compete, and suddenly they are in Xiao Yan's body. Stand up!

"Bastard... I'm going to explode if I go on like this!" Xiao Yan was sweating profusely, and then said coldly.

Whether it was the holy flame or the twenty-three kinds of different fires, the power of any one of them was enough to instantly kill Xiao Yan!

Xiao Yan is clear that this time swallowing the holy flame, because the fire heart Tianyan already has the clan pattern of his own Xiao family, so the danger of swallowing is also reduced a lot.

But even so, Xiao Yan still had lingering fears, and was very afraid of the conflict between the power of the holy flame and the great saint of different fire!

Unexpectedly, it still happened!

"Crash!" The next moment, with the power of the Holy Flame, the power of the different fire slowly forced back, and then Xiao Yan's body trembled violently in the huge sea of ​​fighting qi!

"Damn, the power of this holy flame is so terrifying, the power of the emperor's realm-level small perfection soul is terrified..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but be surprised, and then his mind turned around, and he tried to mobilize the huge soul power and fighting qi directly. Force the power of this holy flame into the Najing in the body!

"Boy, Najing can't contain my holy flame power, swallow that holy flame crystal."

"Only the Holy Flame Crystal can contain the power of the Holy Flame!" Just when Xiao Yan was panicking a familiar voice sounded!

The source of this sound was the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock that was flowing everywhere deep within Xiao Yan's body!

"Come on!" Xiao Yan strongly endured the threat of exploding his body, and directly swallowed the fiery red prismatic Saint Flame Crystal in front of him!

"Boom boom boom!" Inside Xiao Yan's body, the soul realm trembled suddenly, as if it would be shattered at any time by the power of this holy flame. Once the soul realm was broken, Xiao Yan would probably hurt the source!

Furthermore, at the Nigong Pill in Xiao Yan's body, the core inscription of the divine movement natal life suddenly released a burst of extremely pleasant breath, but Xiao Yan was busy suppressing the power of holy flame in his body and did not pay attention.

"Shit Sisi!" As the Holy Flame Crystal entered the body, Xiao Yan suddenly felt that the power of the Holy Flame that was flowing around was slowly absorbed by the Holy Flame Crystal, and the feeling of exploding body also faded!

"Where should this holy flame crystal be stored?" As time passed by, Xiao Yan also muttered to himself!

"The Sea of ​​Dou Qi!" The next moment, Xiao Yan directly controlled the power of his soul, and squeezed the holy flame crystal that already contained the power of holy flame in his body against the sea of ​​​​do qi!

With the power of the source of the holy flame absorbed by the holy flame crystal, Xiao Yan's control of the holy flame crystal is also handy!

"Boom boom boom!" In the sea of ​​fighting qi, a flaming beast Grape, a hundred meters long, was on the empty ground.

With the appearance of this holy flame crystal, the prism-shaped pupils of the sleeping flame beast suddenly opened, as if looking at the enemy, staring closely at the holy flame that contained all the holy flames of Huoxin Tianyan crystal!

Ask for tickets!