Chapter Vol 4 875: 1 year passed

One year has passed since the beginning to the end of the Ruins of the Bright Moon.

In a year, many super sect disciples have returned to the sect from the ruins, because there is still a year to go for the sect competition. The sect competition is the biggest event in the entire Xuansan three days and even the Xuanling Continent. , so countless disciples are working hard to cultivate, trying to win the sect competition.

In the Incense Pavilion.

"Xiao Yan, why haven't they come back?" There were quite a lot of people in Wuzhuju today.

"Big brother should be fine. There is a connection between my elder brother and I. I can feel that they are fine, but it has been a year since they came back. I think it is because of something wrong." Xiao Yi said slightly.

Xiao Yi knew that there was a fire of life and death in the ruins this time, and this medicinal material was suddenly vital to her, so her eldest brother would definitely bring it back.

"But it's strange to say."

"Since we entered the Jiaoyue Ruins, it seems that the relationship between our Burning Incense Pavilion, Wanhua Pavilion and the Poison Sect has become extremely mysterious." Qin Xin said.

"Yep."

"It seems to be related to the pavilion master of the three pavilions."

"It is said that the pavilion owner of our Burning Incense Pavilion has left the customs."

"A dignified and immortal warrior..." Mu Feng couldn't help saying.

"It seems that something happened." Qin Xin said slightly when she heard the words.

"Wait slowly." Xiao Yi said.

"By the way, where did the green flute go?" Mu Feng said suddenly.

"It seems that I have something to go back to the Medusa family." After Xiao Yi finished speaking, at this point, everyone dispersed and went to practice separately.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The Xuanling Royal Family!

King Xuanling was sitting in the palace at this time. There was no one in the palace, and the gate of the palace was also closed!

"Pfft!" With a sound, a black vortex suddenly appeared above Xuanling King sitting cross-legged.

"Come out!" Upon seeing this, King Xuanling couldn't help but exclaim in surprise.

"Susu!" In the black passage, two figures appeared, one of them was covered in black robes, while the other was wrapped in blood mist.

"Rescue You Zun, Ming Zun has fallen." The black-robed man Gorefiend said slowly.

"Damn bastard!"

"Who is it!"

"It's bad for this king." King Xuanling was furious when he heard this.

The Nether Twins are a crucial piece in his plan.

"King Xuanling, the person who stopped us is a disciple of Fenxiang Pavilion, named Xiao Yan, who has the thirty-fifth holy flame on his body. This time, you must kill him no matter what!" The black-robed blood demon envoy said.

"Although I already have this idea, it's not good to want to trouble Fenxiang Pavilion without a legitimate excuse. After all, Fenxiang Pavilion is not a soft persimmon." King Xuanling hesitated.

"Your precious disciple, Qi Haoran fell into the hands of Xiao Yan, there should be many strong people who may testify, so..." The black-robed blood demon emissary said strangely.

"Hahaha!"

"God helps me!" King Xuanling heard that, his pupils exuded an extremely evil aura.

"Gorefiend, come back, Qi Haoqing can't die yet." The next moment, King Xuanling said to the black-robed bloodfiend.

"Okay." Hearing the words, the black blood demon emissary suddenly swept out from the black robe's body, and then walked away towards the body of King Xuanling, and that Youzun was also taken into the body by King Xuanling.

"What a delicious power." As the blood demon's source power and Youzun's power were attached to King Xuanling, King Xuanling couldn't help but say.

"Bang bang bang!" With the disappearance of the source power of the Gorefiend, Qi Haoqing slowly returned to his normal appearance, but he was extremely weak and fell into a coma.

"Come on!"

"Take Qi Haoqing to rest."

"When he rests well, it will be the day to officially declare war on the Fenxiang Pavilion." Xuanling Emperor said to the outside of the palace, and then slowly someone came.

"Fenxiang Pavilion, there are thousands of calculations, and in the end, you will be completely destroyed." King Xuanling looked at the burning incense pavilion in the distance and said something.

"Huhu."

"The air outside is still good." In the wild, two figures appeared slightly, and then a figure with a heavy ruler suddenly laughed.

"Unexpectedly, a year has passed. Time is really fast." Mu Yingying, who was on the side, also smiled slightly. This year, it was obvious that Cang Yueren, who had left, told them.

After Cang Key placed Yueru, he left here with Yutu and the Demon Whale. He didn't know where to go, but according to Xiao Yan's estimation, it should be to find the mystery of Fairy Moon's fall.

"It seems that Qinxin and the others have returned to the sect first." Xiao Yan glanced around, but didn't notice anyone else's breath, so he spoke.

But it also comes to mind. This ruin has been closed for a long time. If it wasn't for Cang Ye and the others, Xiao Yan and the others would be in extremely dangerous situation.

"That's for sure."

"I think they should have left shortly after we entered the depths of the palace." Mu Yingying said.

"Let's go, let's go back first." Mu Yingying opened her mouth.

"Wait, there seems to be something familiar here..."

"Follow me." After a while, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly became surprised!

This vague feeling has something like a fighting spirit!

Although Xiao Yan didn't know who obtained the fighting spirit, he thought that it was also obtained by the Xuanling Royal Family, Solomon and Wandu Sect.

"En?" Mu Yingying said slightly when she heard the words, but the next moment she followed Xiao Yan quietly, heading towards a certain place in the wild land.

"Captain, are you alright?" Not far from Xiao Yan and the others a group of huge figures slowly appeared, and the figures here were impressively Qin Tian and his group.

"It's okay, these guys are from the Xuanling King's faction, and they have been temporarily knocked unconscious by me." At this time, Qin Tian's whole body was flashing with red light, and then he looked at the fallen mysterious demon, Xuan Wanxin and Xuan Ming three people.

These three people are the details of the Xuanling King's faction in the dragon-loving army, so they are monitoring Qin Tian, ​​but Qin Tian has known it for a long time.

Apart from these three people, the other six were only enshrined by the Xuanling royal family, and they would not go to make small reports with Xuanling King, after all, Qin Tian treated them well.

"It seems that swallowing the fighting soul directly is too reluctant." Ye Mo on the side opened his mouth slightly, and his voice was full of worry.

"Yaoxin, take a look at how the head of the regiment is injured now?" Ye Mo looked at Qin Tian who was silent, and said immediately.

"En." Yaoxin heard the words, and Wei Wei probed Qin Tian's body with all her soul power.

"Bang bang bang!" Just as the drug core was just probed away, a shock force was born directly from Qin Tian's body, and immediately the drug core was shaken back to the side.

"The situation is not optimistic."

"The head of the regiment is now struggling with the fighting spirit in his body." Yaoxin stabilized his figure and said.

"Ugh……"

"The head of the regiment has been trapped at the peak of Dou Di for too long..."

"Although there is no better way to take away the fighting spirit in the ruins, only to swallow the fighting spirit, but now it is troublesome." Ye Mo said.