Chapter Vol 4 2167: Kill everything, return!

"Boom!"

The void vibrated, and the entire void channel shook violently. The three Cailin girls and Hun Tianhao joined forces, and for a while they were inextricably fighting with Shengxie Jun.

But as time went by, Xiao Yan believed that victory naturally belonged to them.

"Eight-star fighting immortal mid-term strength, holy flame..."

"The method is good, but unfortunately too many geniuses have fallen into the hands of the two of us."

"It's as small as dust."

The Evil King took one step forward and emerged from the space storm. With a wave of his hand, the boundless black thick liquid enveloped him and Xiao Yan.

Evil Realm!

"Is the Eight Star Dou Xian complete..."

Xiao Yan's vindictive energy rose, the corners of his mouth raised a dangerous arc, and he snorted softly.

"Destroy the ants!"

The dead evil king slapped his big hand, and the fierce space force formed several space swords, which cut away at Xiao Yan's body like a scythe of the **** of death. The sharp sound that was enough to pierce the eardrum was maddening!

"Crack!"

Just when this silver energy ripple was about to hit Xiao Yan, the fighting spirit behind Xiao Yan hummed, and the two holy flame armors shone with dazzling brilliance. This attack was neutralized just now.

Looking up, the appearance of the dead evil king is no different from that of a human being. The only difference is that his arms and toes are covered with extremely twisted silver scales?

"Death storm, raging!"

Looking at Xiao Yan's appearance, a look of enjoyment appeared on the face of the dead evil king.

"Pfft!"

Just as the voice fell, the void behind his body suddenly split open, and black space storms converged in an instant, sweeping out with a terrifying aura that would destroy the world!

"Boom!"

Xiao Yan exerted his strength to the limit, constantly dodging the howling of the space storm, his body was extremely flexible, but in the end he was hit by a menacing space storm, punched out, and the void collapsed.

"This is... the power of space?"

A fist fell, and the slightest sense of intense pain surfaced on Xiao Yan's fist. The space storm was directly smashed by Xiao Yan, but a faint trace of the power of space remained on the fist.

"Pfft!"

In the space passage, the two evil kings of life and death are all eight-star fighting immortals with complete strength, and they can defeat the reincarnation-level powerhouse together, but they are dealt with separately at this time, and the fight is inextricable for a while.

As for the people in the space ship, they were sheltered by Xiao Yan's enormous power, and even the two evil monarchs did not investigate.

In addition, in order to retain Xiao Yan's strength, in this level of battle, without Xiao Yan's order, they did not dare to take action rashly.

"What a terrifying power, this guy actually realized the power of space?"

"The power of space is combined with the evil power unique to the extraterritorial evil race. This level of space storm, the power of holy flame is no longer suppressed by death."

In the fight, Xiao Yan and the dead evil king retreated together, Xiao Yan thought so.

The power of the evil king of life and death is not bad. Although the two are only eight-star fighting immortals, but because the latter realizes that he has mastered two kinds of power, his strength is outrageous. I am afraid that facing some strong people who touch or set foot in reincarnation, the evil king of death will be happy. Don't be afraid!

"You must kill with one blow, and end here as soon as possible. Two eight-star Dou Xian perfection powerhouses will guard the gate. Their strength should not be underestimated... Otherwise, if you waste too much time here, Dou Qi Continent will be in danger."

Xiao Yan clenched his fists tightly, and the Xiao ethnic pattern between his eyebrows shone.

"Are you ready to use your real skills..."

"Is it difficult for me to let you know too!"

"The forty-first evil tool, the mirror of death!"

There was a rare fiery touch on Death Xiejun's face, and a delicate and delicate mirror appeared in his hand, and the quiet space here could not help but be distorted by it.

"Lei came!"

Xiao Yan's expression was extremely calm, and he stood firmly in the void of the field.

A trace of gray thunder, golden thunder, and different colors of thunder slowly spread out from the depths of Xiao Yan, bathing Xiao Yan in a layer of light net of thunder!

Colorful thunder snakes shot out in all directions, and the fields along the way actually collapsed directly. Even because the power of thunder contained not only the thunder of Dan Lei, but also the thunder of the reincarnation of the thunder master, Xiao Yan's thin body could not help but change. have to expand.

Standing still in the void, like a thunder tower, eternal and unmoving, but the terrifying aura contained in it, no one dares to underestimate it!

"Holy Flame is coming!"

In Du Lenghen, amber holy flames flowed out from Xiao Yan's body, turning into a pool of pure amber source liquid, nourishing and increasing, and strengthening Xiao Yan's physical strength!

The lightning net fire liquid is like a real volcanic lava. If you can't suppress it, it will spew out, blooming the sacred lava that destroys all things!

"Death mirror, cut off life and death!"

Looking at Xiao Yan's situation, the evil aura in the body of the dead evil monarch rolled over, and countless demonic energy and the power of space swept out together, pouring into the dead evil tool.

"Wong buzzing!"

The evil tool trembled abruptly, and instantly expanded to the size of a thousand feet. The silver transparent mirror reflected Xiao Yan's current appearance, but Xiao Yan's body in the evil mirror of death was breaking apart little by little!

So much so that because of this, Xiao Yan's body really felt a strange feeling of shattering and shattering!

That kind of feeling is as if one's own life has been re-engraved by the evil mirror of death. Once the self in the mirror dies, I am afraid that one's body and spirit will also be destroyed!

"so what?"

"Half... the fifth transformation of the Dragon God!"

"Dragon Claw!!!"

The ferocious roar roared out like a peerless beast!

In an instant, the thunder halo on Xiao Yan's body, and the amber holy flame liquid converged towards Xiao Yan's right hand at the same time.

Indistinctly, Xiao Yan's right hand held a hawk's beak, which contained endless fierceness. The unruly golden dragon shadows roared and roared.

"Tear it off!"

The body rioted, and the golden dragon shadow appeared on the palm of the hand, and suddenly a golden giant claw that was enough to penetrate the heaven and the earth disappeared in a flash.

"Pfft!"

With a sound, the sharp sound of the fingertips touching the mirror surface came out, and the evil mirror of death shattered like a crystal that was broken by someone, and turned into powder. Empty!

"Space of..."

Feeling this irresistible golden claws, the dead evil king felt a powerful coercion flooding out, and suddenly roared, trying to use a powerful attack to resist Xiao Yan.

"Crack!"

The void wriggled, the void behind Dead Evil Lord cracked slightly, and the clan pattern halo first appeared, imprisoning his body.

Then a golden hand grasped the shape of a giant claw, with a golden dragon shadow rushing and roaring among them.

"Guru..."

There was no hand retention or mutation, the golden claws were like no one, and the throat of the dead evil king was easily cut off, and the stench and strange blood was sprayed out. The scene is extremely spectacular!

"Fall down completely!"

Xiao Yan naturally knew that this situation was not enough to kill the evil monarch. The golden giant claws were churning, and they followed the trend, instantly crushing the evil origin of the dead evil monarch.

All of this happened between lightning and flint, and there is no hurry to make any defenses. The mighty dead evil king actually fell like this.

"Wong buzzing!"

The source of evil was destroyed The body of the dead evil king became icy cold, and the demonic energy rolled out, trying to vent his anger against Xiao Yan.

"Pfft."

At the same time, the fire of holy flame emerged, and all the demonic energy was quietly swallowed and purified by it.

"And you!"

In the same attack in Zaitu, the King Shengxie, who was beaten by Xun'er and others who fell into the lower winds, was also strangled by Xiao Yan.

Killing the two away, the entire space is extremely quiet.

"Send someone to guard the entrance, let's get in first!"

"go!"

Xiao Yan hurriedly took the three daughters and fell through the void, directly stepping into the entrance of the plane, but the palm of his right hand trembled at this moment, and a drop of blood dripped down, extremely terrifying.

"Dragon God Transformation, the fifth Dragon God Transformation, is really surprising."

"But it seems that some of the reincarnation powerhouses among the human beings are coveting the Dou Qi Continent, so why..."

Hun Tianhao's expression was extremely strange and complicated, and he immediately took everyone in the spaceship and took a step behind Xiao Yan and the others.

Suddenly, the Dou Qi Continent encountered an unprecedented disaster!

A disaster of that level, even surpassed the battle of the two emperors a long time ago!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: