Chapter Vol 4 1677: Spirit of undead fire, little Dolma!

"Boom!" Xiao Yan sat quietly in the void, but his body was rolling violently, and the undead ghost fighting spirit on the surface of his body, from the most illusory level, slowly became more and more solid, even Above its illusory shadow, a gray pattern is looming, and it is this pattern that pushes its breath to the highest point.

After a while, Xiao Yan was surrounded by three flames.

The fire-red Great Heavenly Seed flame, the earthy yellow Fire Heart Heavenly Rock, and the blue-colored Ghost Face Soul Flame, as for Mu Yingying's flame, Xiao Yan rarely used it.

"This guy... actually not only cultivates the soul clone, but also cultivates the fighting spirit..."

"Then if the strength breaks through the five-star fighting immortal, wouldn't there be a realm..." In the dark, the black evil dragon wolf said with black lines.

Soul avatar, the cultivation of fighting soul, but it takes a lot of energy, but human energy is limited, greedy can not chew.

However, if you can multitask and practice in this way, the stronger your strength, the more your combat power will increase by geometric multiples.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan's hands were constantly changing with some ancient patterns, and then the sparrow shadow, which was as arrogant as a six-star fighting immortal, was slowly absorbed by Xiao Yan and poured into the fighting spirit. , There seems to be something, slowly creeping.

"Damn... I can't hold it anymore!" Xiao Yan noticed that something on his back was about to move, and immediately a burst of itch came, and he couldn't help roaring.

"Bang bang bang!" With a sound, there was a sudden movement on the shoulders behind Xiao Yan, and then a pair of cyan wings emerged.

"This is?" Xiao Yan noticed the change and immediately opened his eyes.

"It is said that the immortal ghost fighting soul is a special holy spirit born from the spiritual energy of heaven and earth. After swallowing it, there is a very weak chance to give birth to a special kind of wings called ghost wings." Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, he covered The undead ghost fighting spirit on Xiao Yan's body trembled slightly, and a message entered Xiao Yan's mind.

"Dark Wing?"

"This thing should be like the Lord of Fire Guards. It is the key to entering the underworld. It seems that I have to make time to go to the underworld." Xiao Yan gently touched the silver-white wings of dozens of meters behind him, and couldn't help muttering. .

According to what his teacher, the Master of Soul Eater, said, the Underworld should have a lot to do with the Xiao Clan. Now that he has Nether Wing and the Lord of Fire Guard, he must go there once.

"Mingyi can fly in the underworld, and usually, the speed brought by these wings is outrageous. After all, it is the product of the undead king of the underworld." Xiao Yan smiled contentedly.

"Next, it's time for evolution, I hope you won't let me down." As soon as the voice fell, the huge wings were put away in an instant. It's better to use this thing less, and then stared at the figure of the giant sparrow beside him, hot road.

Just devoured the origin of this guy, just to repair the fighting spirit, and now devouring this guy's body is enough to make the undead ghost truly evolve.

The undead Mingque was already a fighting spirit at the pinnacle level of the earth grade. If it was evolving and growing into a heavenly grade, then the assistance would probably not be much weaker than the realm!

"Huhu, let's start!" After a while, the three flames around Xiao Yan's body completely entangled the behemoth and burned it completely.

"Weng Om Om!" Although the origin of the Undying Nether Sparrow King was swallowed up by Xiao Yan, this body was also the body of a dignified Six-Star Fighting Immortal Spirit Beast. Suddenly, violent fluctuations burst forth.

"Since it's something that's already dead... if you don't hold back, you can capture it!" A shock emerged from the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, and the overwhelming flames swept out, easily engulfing it and igniting it.

"Xuuuu!" Following Xiao Yan's violent holy flame fire, this behemoth was also continuously decomposed and melted by Xiao Yan, turning into traces of gray energy, which poured into the hot pot on Xiao Yan's body.

"Boom!" With such a huge energy infusion, the fighting spirit actually burst out with a burst of extremely dazzling energy, and then the entire body swelled violently, as if it would explode at any time!

"Bang bang bang!" At the same time, at the top of this void, bursts of seven-color energy, like the sky, were slowly born!

"The power of seven colors, this is the only power for the evolution of the fighting spirit. Only by resisting the baptism of this power can one truly turn a cocoon into a butterfly." Xiao Yan's eyes became solemn.

Although the immortal Mingque was regarded as a top-level fighting spirit, its combat power was somewhat weak for Xiao Yan, who was a four-star fighting immortal.

At that time, with the addition of many blessings from the Undying Fire Domain, I am afraid that Xiao Yan at that time, even if he did not use the swallowing technique, would still be able to achieve a real leapfrog battle.

"Boom!" With a sound, all the energy of the thousand meters was swallowed up by the fighting spirit. At that time, the fighting spirit energy around Xiao Yan's body rolled, and there was a faint sound of dragon roaring and tiger roaring.

"Let's start!" Xiao Yan with a dignified expression waved his hand, and immediately the fighting spirit completely fell off his body and turned into a silver undead sparrow. Although this guy still has a trace of wisdom, he is Xiao Yan Mainly, so Xiao Yan didn't worry too much.

"嘁偁嘁!" The violent energy around the immortal dwarf bird was obviously a harbinger of pre-evolution, and it roared at the seven-color energy in the sky, flashing four-color flame energy all over its body, and directly turned into a thousand-foot phantom, the speed skyrocketed, and suddenly It hits away.

"It must be successful!" Xiao Yan couldn't help clenching his fists tightly as he looked at the undead ghost bird that gave his life a blow.

"Boom!" The dazzling flames spread out like energy ripples, and immediately the undead ghost and the seven-color energy were tightly intertwined. The two did not show weakness for each other, obviously for a while It's hard to tell.

"Kacha." With a sound, a strange figure came out from nowhere, and a scorching flame suddenly spread out. At the same time, a scene that Xiao Yan was quite familiar with poured into his sight.

"This is... the strange little beast in the ancient tree?" Xiao Yan hurriedly looked at the giant pit below, the voice just now came from here, but at this time, the strange little beast was furry all over. A gray flame flickered on top of his fuzz, and at the same time, under the dark giant pit, a gray light like the sun burst out slowly.

"Weng buzzing!" After a while, the khaki-yellow holy flame crystals in Xiao Yan's body, the cyan holy flame crystals became trembling for a while, and a violent and uneasy wave filled every sense of Xiao Yan.

"Holy... Holy Flame Spirit?" With the appearance of this scene, Xiao Yan also ignored the evolution of the fighting spirit and lost his voice.

At this time, countless gray flames filled the surroundings of the giant pit, and in the center, there was a woman who was about to touch a child, but between the woman's eyebrows, a mini version of gray prismatic crystals slowly emerged, and above the crystals , a strong wave that shocked Xiao Yan's whole body spread out.

"Little Zhuoma is actually the spirit of immortal fire..." A look of disbelief appeared in Xiao Yan's heart, and it persisted for a long time.