Chapter 402: Mysterious 3 Jade Rabbits and Yellowed Scrolls!

"Yes?"

"Then I won't be greedy. If possible, give me a demon core of an emperor-rank sixth-grade ice-attribute beast and its blood essence." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also calmly looked at the stall owner in front of him.

Xiao Yan knew that the ice-attribute emperor-rank sixth-grade demon beasts he needed were rare and hard to find, but Xiao Yan also believed that his dignified emperor-rank first-rank peak alchemist was worth the price!

Because from the words of the stall owner, it is not difficult to hear that the stall owner also went to the alchemist association of the Xuanling royal family to recruit, but none of the alchemists were willing to go!

After all, that wilderness area is a place where there is no life and death!

"What?" The next moment, when the stall owner heard this, he frowned slightly.

"Good boy, what a big lion!" The stall owner also said slowly in his heart.

"Little brother, your request is too much."

"We need to prepare all the medicinal materials for refining and restoring the medicinal herbs that we need for this trip, and we also have to spend a six-star Dou Emperor powerhouse to protect you."

"Emperor-rank monsters, those above the third-order emperor-rank are already quite hard to find, and they all know how to live in groups and occupy the mountains as kings. As for this sixth-rank emperor-rank monster, if you can find them, you may not be able to kill them..."

"Not to mention the extremely precious magic core and blood essence." The stall owner also said with a slight wink.

"Come on, although I don't know what you have encountered, but I can assure you that with me, no soul force will attack you." A trace emerges out of the body.

"What a terrifying flame..." The stall owner also sensed it and said.

"Okay!"

"That's such a happy decision!"

"Little brother, then I wish us a happy cooperation in advance." After finishing speaking, the stall owner also laughed.

"It's a pleasure to work with." Xiao Yan also laughed.

"I... I'll go too." Mu Yingying, who was squatting on the ground, also raised her hand slightly, and said tremblingly.

"What are you doing!"

"Such a dangerous place is not suitable for girls!"

"You should go back to the sect and stay obediently." Xiao Yan also said full of admonitions.

"I'm going." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she also picked up the Sanyu Exquisite Rabbit in her hand and turned her head.

"Forget it, go back and talk about it." Xiao Yan said.

"Boss, how does this thing count?" The next moment, Xiao Yan also pointed at the yellowed tattered scroll.

"Forget it, this thing should be given to you."

"As for the Three Jade Exquisite Rabbit, it only costs 100,000 gold coins." The stall owner also said.

"Damn, it really is a profiteer!" Xiao Yan also cursed in his heart when he heard this.

After speaking, Xiao Yan also picked up the yellowed torn scroll above the stall owner's booth, and then slowly put it away.

"that……"

"Xiao Yan, can you lend me some money..." After a few seconds, Mu Yingying also turned her head slightly and said to Xiao Yan.

Because Mu Yingying also discovered that she didn't have any money on her body!

"Take it." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he also directly gave the Dou Emperor Crystal Card in his hand to the stall owner in front of him and slowly crossed out 100,000!

"Hehe, little brother is really refreshing."

"I will contact you when the auction of the Xuanling Royal Family is over." After the man finished speaking, an orange vindictive aura slowly radiated from his body, and then a trace of it spread into Xiao Yan's body.

"At that time, you can rely on this little strength to contact." The stall owner in front of him also said slowly.

"Yep."

"Then let's go first." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also dragged Mu Yingying away from here, and walked towards the deepest part of the medicine market.

"Haha, what an interesting little guy." The stall owner also stared at Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying who were leaving.

"Although I don't know what that yellowed scroll is, it won't be a simple thing."

"But forget it, a pharmacist of the first rank of the emperor has the right to sell him a favor."

"This kid is the first pharmacist who dares to go to places like the desert this year." The stall owner laughed slowly after he finished speaking.

After smiling a little, the lean man also slowly put some medicinal herbs and strange things in front of him into the collection ring, and then disappeared into the crowd.

"that……"

"Xiao Yan, I will pay you back the hundred thousand gold coins." Mu Yingying also let Xiao Yan pull her, and then she bit her lips and said stubbornly.

Xiao Yan, who was walking in front, also turned his head to look at the words after hearing the words, then did not speak, and continued to walk.

"Don't get me wrong, it's because I followed my brother when I was at home, so I didn't carry any money with me." Seeing that Xiao Yan's expression had not changed at all, Mu Yingying was also speaking deeply. I was afraid that Xiao Yan would misunderstand.

"Okay, okay, I see." Xiao Yan went to the car and shrugged.

This mere 100,000 gold coins, to be honest, Xiao Yan really did not pay attention to it. After all, alchemist is a very rich profession. With Xiao Yan’s current strength as a pharmacist at the peak of the first emperor rank, his wealth is said to be rich enough to rival a country. Not too much.

It's just that some high-level medicinal pills are basically priceless, and there are very few high-level alchemists willing to take away the medicinal pills they have worked so hard to refine with gold coins.

Because high-level alchemists all like a trading principle!

Barter!

This is the high-level pharmacist's method, exchanging the high-level medicinal pills refined in his own hands for some of the medicinal materials he needs or the favor of some powerful people This is the high-level pharmacist!

Mu Yingying, who was on the side, also followed Xiao Yan, but the palm of his hand was also stroking the extremely smooth Sanyu Exquisite Rabbit. Entering, although weak, does exist.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

With such an appearance, it is obvious that he is extremely fond of this thing!

The two of Xiao Yan walked towards the medicine market calmly. Xiao Yan also slowly probed the tattered yellowish scroll in his heart with his soul power.

The huge soul force had just touched the tattered scroll, and was immediately blocked by an invisible force, but at this time, deep within Xiao Yan's body, the core inscription of the divine movement of life hidden in the Ni Gong Wan also emitted a burst of energy. Quite greedy taste.

"There are a lot of people here, so let's go back and talk about it." With a plan in his mind, Xiao Yan was relieved, and then he directly inspected the surroundings.

Here, it seems that I am very close to the depths of the drug market, because the stalls on the two sides of the road have obviously decreased, and even the flow of people is also feared.

Because, those who can come here are at least people with certain strength and background. Otherwise, ordinary people will not come here, and no one will do things that are boring.

"Hey!"

"You seem to have something interesting about you." The next moment, a coquettish anger sounded beside Xiao Yan.