Chapter Vol 4 2117: 4 Wing Austin vs Double Reincarnation!

"Hahaha!"

"Yao Wan, you have to think about it. For a demon to offend our Holy See, your fate will be tragic!"

"With your ability, you should know the distribution of the Holy See of the Angel Kingdom in the Great Thousand Worlds. Dou Di Continent is only one of them. Once this matter is exposed, I am afraid that your ancient race will be removed from it!"

Watching Yao Wanwan cast a great formation to protect the family, and with its strength, temporarily stepped into the reincarnation stage, Austin sneered.

"This time, the scene is really out of control."

Hill also took a step forward. Although he has no power to exert himself now, he has no fear in the face of the monstrous offensive of the combination of countless powerhouses.

"Brother Xiao Yan, you are already great."

"Let's do the rest."

Xun’er gently approached Xiao Yan’s ear, and said something quite playful, a golden crow slowly dragged Xiao Yan to float in mid-air, and eight golden crows behind Xun’er radiated unprecedented power, facing Ao Ao step by step. Sting went.

The Phoenix Nirvana Pill has been fused by Xun'er, and the Reincarnation Seal is also able to minimize the backlash. Today's Xun'er is comparable to the first level of reincarnation!

"Yep."

Xiao Yan nodded lightly, now that his injuries are extremely serious, but it is also a good time for him, so Xiao Yan is preparing to work hard to recover his fighting spirit, just to coordinate the three forces of Lei Mu Huo.

I just don't know why, Liu Hao has been defeated, and the blood of the devil still has no sign of cessation. With the smell of his soul, Xiao Yan even vaguely felt that there was an extremely faint light spot in the sky of the medicine world.

The wave power emanating from the light spot surpasses everyone here!

...

"Go back and leave the rest to us."

Yao Wanwan said to the strong men behind him, and after speaking, Xun'er and Xun'er went to Austin in tandem. Looking at the lineup, the two of them should be planning to cut the weeds.

"It seems that what my emperor said is not unreasonable. If the poultry kept in captivity under their own territory are not strictly disciplined, they really think they can get out of control."

"Recognize now!"

"Four-winged angel!"

Austin roared slowly and threw Liu Hao directly to Hill. At the same time, he clenched his hands suddenly, and four angel wings flashed out slowly behind him.

A pair of angel white wings and a pair of angel purple wings!

The addition of the two directly allowed Austin's power to break through the Eight Star Fighting Immortals and truly entered the cycle of reincarnation!

The strength has reached the rare double reincarnation level!

With the addition of Angel Wings, I am afraid that even some ordinary triple reincarnation steps will not be able to do anything about it!

"Senior, it's fine if you are responsible for covering me."

Xun'er looked at the angel's winged shadow in front of her, smiled lightly, and said to Yao Wan, she naturally noticed that Yao Wan was using great means, so she took the initiative to resign.

"He's strong."

"And my Medicine Clan and the Holy See have an undeniable life-and-death feud."

Yao Wan nodded lightly, but also made his own position clear.

"Hahaha!"

"Some ants!"

"Since my Holy See can let you live in peace on the Douyun Continent for thousands of years, it is naturally able to completely kill you here!"

"Let your countless years of heritage be reduced to nothing!"

"We are God's Guards!"

"Anything that goes against God's will will have to die!"

Austin roared violently, but the second team of angel wings behind him swayed slightly, instigating a storm of angels invisibly, making everyone's breathing extremely heavy!

"Nine Profound Chongming Flames!"

"Nine Profound Power!"

Facing Austin's first attack, Xun'er Xianzi Yanting moved gently, and the mighty angelic energy storm suddenly collapsed when it came into contact with the golden flame.

As if swallowed by a golden flame, dragged into the endless dimension and extinguished, without any energy ripples.

"The Nine Profound Power of the Nine Profound Fire Lord?"

Looking at the golden lines on Gu Xun'er's body, Austin's cheeks contained a look of shock.

The strength of the Nine Profound Fire Lord is not comparable to those of them.

"Dirty creatures don't deserve to be named teachers."

"The fire of the Golden Crow shines in the world!"

Xun'er ignored it, just closed her beautiful eyes, and the reincarnation mark at the center of her eyebrows flickered abnormally.

Nine golden crows, containing the power of reincarnation of the Nine Profound Fire Lord, suddenly emerged from Xun'er's delicate body, and immediately shot towards Austin with the reincarnation power of Saint Flame!

At this moment, the sky and the earth changed color, and countless energies quietly crawled down. They were all afraid of this unique power.

"It turned out to be a reincarnator!"

"No wonder you can be so fearless!"

"But... Angel Shenghui!"

Facing the combination of Gu Xun'er's Reincarnation Seal and Holy Flame, Austin snorted coldly, the four-winged angel wings fanned up behind his body, and the mysterious dimensional light spot burst out.

"Boom!"

The touch of the Golden Crow and the power of the dimensionality immediately caused both losses. Countless bright silk rainbows and golden flames fell vertically from the sky, like a downpour of rain, and the scene was extremely terrifying!

"The pattern of the medicine family, vitality-death!"

A gentle voice emerged from Yao Wanwan's mouth, and suddenly countless green energies in the whole world roared frantically at Austin.

Green energy is not only the power of life, but also the power of medicinal materials. With the addition of the medicinal clan pattern, it can control the growth and silence of all things, and a quiet voice filled the entire sky.

"I'm tired too."

"Destroy it completely!"

Austin felt the deadly aura of the Yao Wan family pattern, and immediately did not dare to take it lightly, the angel's wings stretched, and the endless red holy light came out!

"God, please punish them for their sins!"

The high-pitched Sanskrit sound purifies the souls of countless people, shocking them all, as if they were receiving some kind of special baptism and purification from Austin.

"Everything is alive!"

"The soul of medicine screams!"

Finally, after a brief hesitation, the small forbidden technique in Yao Wan Wan's hands was completely performed, and it came suddenly!

In the medicine world, countless mountains and rivers, trees in the world, humming, and countless energies fell off them, turning into screams, appearing in front of Yao Wan like a sun!

"Reincarnation!"

"Shuang Xuan burns the world!"

Xun'er is also full of energy roared, and the reincarnation mark between the eyebrows actually burst out with a bright golden beam of light, turning into a golden crow like a elf, facing Austin's vital points impartially. Blast away!

Its attack strength is comparable to that of a small forbidden technique!

In the face of the strongest attack from the two powerhouses of the first reincarnation level, Austin's calmness also disappeared completely, and the angel's wings erupted with extremely powerful power behind him, trying to compete with him head-on!

Below, countless powerhouses clenched their fists tightly, and they already had the consciousness of death. Once they had any need, they would go into battle without the need for the ancient race and others to open their mouths!

Because of the hateful level of the Holy See, the stench was already clear on the Dou Di Continent.

full book

txt download address:

phone-reading: