Chapter Vol 4 1088: Yueru exits customs

"Boom boom boom!" Rounds of flames and heat waves, like a world-annihilating frenzy, leaned away directly at Xuanling King.

"Ah ah ah!"

"Damn little beast!" Under the extremely hot flames, King Xuanling couldn't help roaring.

Obviously, although these strange fires are not as tyrannical as holy flames, each fire is just the mysterious power contained in it, and it is enough to make Xuanling King suffer greatly!

"Xiao Yan..." Seeing Xiao Yan so weak, a trace of sadness could not help but emerge from the beautiful eyes of Cailin on the side. Obviously, he was able to force Xiao Yan to detonate all the strange fires. This King Xuanling was also proud.

On the other hand, after Xiao Yan detonated so many different fires, Yan Chi on the other side actually regained his sanity temporarily with the help of that extremely terrifying power.

"I...Where is this..." Yan Chi opened his mouth slightly, very at a loss.

"Brother..." And Mu, who was still worried about Xiao Yan just now, heard the words, and the tears came out like a dam bursting.

"Yingying don't cry, I will take you home." And Yanchi comforted.

As soon as he finished speaking, he looked around, only to find that Xiao Yan was already in a state of exhaustion.

"What's going on?" Yan Chi couldn't help asking.

"Brother, you are straight from the blood river..." Mu Yingying explained it again.

"Xiao Yan, this guy, it seems..." Yan Chi felt more or less emotional when he heard the words.

As soon as the voice fell, the eyes of the three were attracted by the extremely hot fluctuations in the sky.

"Hahaha!"

"Little beast, I didn't expect you to have such means..."

"It really surprised me."

"If it wasn't for the power of the Gorefiend, I'm afraid I would have fallen."

"But you shouldn't feel bad after so many flames have been detonated, right?" And the huge blood-red evil aura completely replaced the ghost energy and the power of life and death on Xuanling King's body. Roaring at Xiao Yan.

"You bastard, you are insane, as expected..." And when the flames dissipated, Xiao Yan finally confirmed his guess!

The remaining power of the Gorefiend was indeed swallowed up by the Xuanling King!

At this time, King Xuanling was quite embarrassed, and his clothes were tattered. Through the clothes, one could vaguely find a rather evil figure on his chest, slowly emerging!

That's the Gorefiend!

"Crazy?"

"Everything is just a matter of preying on the weak." And King Xuanling didn't show any signs of concealing it. If he hadn't wanted Xiao Yan and the others to see his flame-swallowing feast, I'm afraid they would have already become the souls of his subordinates at this time.

Moreover, the Gorefiend had been completely swallowed by the Xuanling King, but its phantom appeared on his chest.

"But... it's time to end!"

"Death to me!" The next moment, King Xuanling flew directly towards Xiao Yan, and the speed was astonishing.

"Second brother!"

"Second brother!"

"Xiao Yan!" Long Yi, Xiao Yi, Cai Lin, and Mu Yingying couldn't help worrying about each other. The four of them just wanted to go to help Xiao Yan, but they were stopped by their strong men. Couldn't help but blushed.

"Huh..."

"Xun'er, Cailin, I may have to break my promise..." Xiao Yan watched the incomparable figure of King Xuanling slowly enlarge in his pupils, and a crazy thought also echoed in his mind.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Xiao Yan...you dare!"

"Xiao Xiao and I will never forgive you!" At this time, Cai Lin's strength of ten colors continued to emerge from her body, but she was still unable to break free from the shackles of the pillar, so she couldn't help roaring at Xiao Yan.

"If you have a chance to go back, tell Xiao Xiao for me that I am not a qualified father."

"And say something to my dad and teacher... I'm sorry!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the corner of his mouth suddenly became very strange, and then on his forehead, a mysterious blood-colored rune floated out, even covering his entire body. Exudes a breath of flame king.

"This is... to blow yourself up!"

"Don't..." And Mu Yingying suddenly discovered something, and hurriedly shouted, the tears couldn't stop flowing.

"Self-destruction?"

"You don't have that chance!"

"Since I have ruined my Xuanling royal family for so many things, they also killed many of my disciples."

"You just die and pay for their lives." After King Xuanling finished speaking, his figure appeared beside Xiao Yan like a ghost, and then he raised his bloody, evil palm and patted Xiao Yan lightly.

"Hahaha!"

"King Xuanling, even if I die, Xiao Yan, I will never make you feel better... Let's go to **** together!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his aura suddenly rose, and the next moment he was about to explode out of control. .

"Crash!" At this moment, the temperature on the entire altar suddenly dropped a lot, and right above the altar, a full moon slowly emerged.

Above the full moon seemed to contain quite mysterious fluctuations, and not long after that, a shadowy figure flew out directly above the full moon.

"Why are you so impulsive?"

"Don't you want to wait for me?" An ethereal voice slowly entered Xiao Yan's ears, and then Xiao Yan only felt that the fighting spirit that was surging in his body was being suppressed, and his body was also affected by a shadow, slowly hold.

"Who are you?" And King Xuanling looked at the figure that suddenly appeared, and added the rather mysterious full moon just above the altar, he couldn't help asking the figure in front of him.

"He is my benefactor."

"If you hurt him...you will die." The visitor gently sent Xiao Yan back to the ground, and then a trace of the power of the bright moonlight in his body entered Xiao Yan's body, temporarily calming the injury, and then suddenly lifted into the air, a burst of Extremely terrifying fluctuations suddenly radiated out.

"Is this... Yueru?" Xiao Yi couldn't help but ask when she saw the figure who appeared at the last minute.

"Looking at her strength, I am afraid that her inheritance is successful, and her strength has reached the ranks of fighting immortals." Long Yi couldn't help saying.

"You have the aura of Fairy Moonlight on you." King Xuanling was naturally well-informed, and in just a short moment, he could smell the bright aura on Yueru's body.

"She's my teacher, but you're just an outsider from the evil race."

"But there is no qualification to mention the teacher's name." Yue Ru's beautiful eyes moved slightly, and a murderous intent suddenly emerged.

"Damn, this Xiao Yan is messing around with flowers, he is even worse than me..." The Soul Eater Lord on the side scolded secretly, apparently from Yueru's attitude towards Zhan Ji hungry just now, hehe, the relationship between the two is definitely not simple. .

"Since that's the case, then I will capture you and force out Fairy Moon's power, which is another great help for me."

"Hahaha." King Xuanling laughed unquestionably when he heard this.

"Then let's see if you have the ability." Yue Ru let out a snarl and launched an attack directly.

"Alas..." And Xiao Yan sighed slightly after being temporarily rescued by Yueru.

Why are the people around me so much stronger than me...

But at the next moment, Xiao Yan also knew that if he wanted to really kill King Xuanling, he would have to rely on...

The power of holy flame!

Three shifts

from morning to afternoon

Take a ten-minute break and then work

ask for a ticket