Chapter Vol 4 1412: Go to 4 continents to compete!

The next day, when the early morning sun was scattered, the Thunder Valley forging the knife was also busy.

Because today was the day when Duo Tianhong led the Eastern Continent powerhouses to the Four Continents for a test!

"Everyone is here..." Duo Tianhong wore a silver-gold cloak above the huge valley basin inside the Thunder Valley of Forged Knives.

Originally, there were three stages in the ratio of Dongzhou this time, and even the winner would enter the Thunder Valley and many other benefits, but no one expected that it would be damaged by the power of the ghost clan, sin and the soul hall, so Du Tianhong was also going to thunder. Valley imports seals, thus compensating for some of the other treasures to contestants.

Thunder Valley is mysterious, but it is the root of the forged sword Thunder Valley, so there is such a serious gaffe, Duo Tianhong does not dare to open it.

"It's all here..." Duo Lao, who was on the side, also glanced around, and then said.

"Is it finally time to start..." Xiao Yan and Duan Qifei stood aside, and their eyesight became hot.

The powerhouses above the four continents are far from comparable to the East Continent in terms of quantity and quality, and Xiao Yan still has many missions, so that improving his strength is an indispensable path.

As for improving strength, the best measure is to swallow the holy flame...

But things like holy flames are too sparse after all, so you can't find them, so there are other measures to improve your strength... and fight against the strong!

"Hey, it's finally about to start..."

"It is said that this four-continent competition is the most solemn one on all the Yinhuntian... There are also many powerhouses on the other three continents."

"Hey, what's that..."

"As long as you can participate in the Four Continents Competition, then if you are chosen by the senior management of Li Soul Territory and participate in the Li Soul Territory, that will be the glory of your life..." The disciples from all around also whispered, but when talking about Li Soul Territory At that time, his eyes were filled with expectation and respect.

Since all of them are clear, if it is not for the high-level governance of Li Soul Territory, I am afraid they will not have such a stable and prosperous world, so they also respect the Lord of Li Soul.

"Li Soul Territory..." Xiao Yan nodded lightly when he heard the words, obviously this place will arrive one day.

"Everyone be quiet." In an instant, Duo Tianhong's body floated slightly.

"This time, I will lead everyone to the four continents to compete."

"On the way, no matter what happens, you must report it to me as soon as possible... If there are any unorganized and undisciplined things along the way, they will all be handled according to our rules!"

"You remember... After you leave Dongzhou, you represent not your own power, but all of Dongzhou, so you should lose your personal ideas as soon as possible."

"Competition in four continents, only by teamwork can we have a chance to win... Although the performance is outstanding, it will be selected by the strong souls of the soul, but the chance is too small..."

"And if one of you...someone has done something to embarrass us in Dongzhou, don't blame me for not being sympathetic!" Duan Tianhong said in a fit of rage.

"Disciple knows!"

"Disciple knows!"

"Disciple knows!" And with the occurrence of this scene, dozens of disciples immediately said in unison with the enemy, with a mighty momentum that was as deafening as rolling thunder.

They all made it clear that their strength could almost be said to be top-notch above Dongzhou, but Dongzhou was only a continent in the four continents of Yinhuntian after all. Although the ranking was not the bottom, it was definitely not the first.

And once they left the Eastern Continent, the people who were waiting for them were also the proud sons of the other three continents. While they were looking forward to a strong opponent in their hearts, they couldn't help but feel a sense of collective honor in their bodies.

"Old Du, I will leave you with many affairs in the valley." Looking at the many disciples who shared the same hatred in front of him, Du Tianhong immediately smiled at the old man beside him.

"Where is the owner of the valley... this is our responsibility."

"The big boss and the third boss were busy in the valley, so they didn't come. The two bosses asked me to apologize on behalf of the boss." Du Lao said with a bright expression.

"It doesn't matter." Duan Tianhong smiled casually. Obviously, he was the overlord of Dongzhou, but many things in Dongzhou were left to his subordinates, so Duan Tianhong was happy to know that the big boss and the third boss were so busy.

"Since the preparations are ready... let's go!" Looking at the disciples below, Du Tianhong suddenly laughed.

This trip to four continents, I don't know how many rankings they can get in Dongzhou...

The number of rankings depends on how many disciples are selected by the senior leaders of Li Hunyu, and this ranking is related to the strength ranking of Yinhuntian Sizhou, and it is also related to the resources that Li Hunyu gives to Sizhou, so the ratio of the four continents is in Yinhuntian is a great prosperous world.

"It's ready!" Many disciples below also suddenly said.

"The Gate of Space!" As the disciple below spoke, Duo Tianhong nodded slightly, and then the silver-gold cloak wriggled, and the power of thunder in his body was suddenly mobilized, and suddenly, the entire valley was covered with dark clouds.

"Crash!" The silver thunder suddenly emerged from the dark clouds, and then it continued to gather in the sky. After a few minutes, a huge silver thunder gate with a size of hundreds of feet appeared.

"What a magnificent handwriting..." Looking at the silver giant gate surrounded by countless thunders in the sky, Xiao Yan had a profound feeling.

With his tyrannical soul strength, Xiao Yan created impressively, this giant silver gate is the gate of space!

"The gate of space that can make the five-star fighting immortals so laborious, I am afraid that the distance between China Unicom is extremely wide..." Xiao Yan also muttered.

"That's natural..."

"The four continents competition is no child's play... Yinhuntian is divided into four continents, east, west, northwest, but for the fairness of the competition, the four continents competition is not on the territory of any continent."

"It's in the central intestine belt of the four continents of Yinhuntian... It is also the habitat of the so-called Lord of the Yinhuntian plane." Du Qifei, who was beside Xiao Yan, shone slightly and said sweetly.

"Master of planes..." Xiao Yan's heart also became hot.

The strength of the overlord of Yinhuntian Dongzhou has reached a five-star fighting immortal, and the power of this plane master may have reached the point of Tongxuan.

"Boom!" Just when Xiao Yan hesitated, the sleeves of Tianhong's sleeves were shining brightly, and an incomparably huge silver boat with a size of 100 meters suddenly appeared!

Spaceships for space travel over long distances.

As we all know, the space passages are extremely dangerous, not to mention the space travel at such a long distance, only space ships can reduce a lot of danger, although the cost of space ships is quite high.

"Everyone... get into the boat!"

"The ratio of the four continents, officially set off!" As Du Tianhong's voice fell, everyone immediately entered the huge space ship in an orderly manner, and then at the same time, they did not enter the giant space gate and moved towards the four The continental test is officially set off.

"I hope this time, we can let Dongzhou sit on the real overlord of Yinhuntian." Du Lao looked at the slowly closing space gate, and also slowly muttered.

. The fastest update website for the mobile version: The latest chapter 12412 of the latest chapter of the novel Fight Breaks the Sky God Yan Emperor Go to the four continents to compete! URL: https://