Chapter Vol 4 2186: Immortal world to envoy, was stared at?

"..."

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he couldn't help but his head was full of black lines. He finally managed to deal with the foreign evil clan, and let the face of the core absorb the power here, so he was ready to collect it. Such a weird guy.

Now that Xiao Yan has just finished the battle, his body is extremely deficient. In this situation, it would be a problem to deal with the Eight Star Fighting Immortals by himself. If he were to deal with the level of Samsara in front of him, it would be very difficult.

Although there is an existence that dominates the lower body, you can't always defend and not attack, right?

Moreover, this thing is a real treasure. Xiao Yan believes that once he uses it many times, he will probably attract countless people to compete.

The core of the plane has two kinds of human cultivation and wild nature. The value of human cultivation is too huge. Once it appears, it is enough to cause a sensation. Although the naturally brewed core of the plane is good, it is too difficult to find, so it leads to This kind of thing is extremely rare in the world.

The core of the plane above the Yuanhai Continent has always existed, but it was forgotten by the powerhouses of the Immortal Realm because of the energy seal of the lower body and the evil clan.

"I found this thing first."

"I will not accompany you!"

Seeing that the core of the plane was about to mature, Xiao Yan carefully put it away, and then secretly absorbed the power here to nourish it, with signs of leaving.

Although the formations in the surrounding sea area were powerful, they still couldn't beat Xiao Yan. After all, Xiao Yan could cast nearly 100,000 formations, and the formations in front of him were only tens of thousands.

"Since this thing exists in our fairyland territory, it is something of our fairyland."

"You hand him over to me!"

"And your identity is unknown. I suspect that you have an affair with an alien race. I have to ask you to go to Immortal Realm to assist in the investigation."

The white figure's tone was aggressive, and even had a hint of self-confidence. He didn't give Xiao Yan a chance to escape at all. White clouds emerged from the power of the formation, blocking all of Xiao Yan's escape routes.

Looking at this battle, it seems that Xiao Yan has settled down.

"Don't go too far."

Xiao Yan frowned when he noticed that the dazzling white clouds around him contained holy powers, and the formations that were directly arranged one after another clearly looked like a prison-like formation.

This guy's strength is actually a reincarnation level?

Moreover, Xiao Yan naturally didn't know that she came from the Immortal Realm, and mistakenly thought that she was a member of Yuanhai Continent, otherwise Xiao Yan would definitely not stay for long.

It is true that there is only Yaochi in the Immortal World, with four continents in the last three days. Unfortunately, in the long years that followed, the Immortal World also began to take over the Lower World Continent. Although it has the least territory in the Great Thousand Worlds, it is quite popular among humans, so it still has many territorial continents.

"Hand over things!"

The woman let out a coquettish cry, and the cold beams burst upon the jade sword, forcing Xiao Yan, and the formation around her body also blocked all of Xiao Yan's escape routes.

This woman has a good appearance, but now Xiao Yan is unable to protect himself and has no time to appreciate these things.

"I will not accompany you!"

Xiao Yan didn't want to have anything to do with the guys on this continent, and now he just wanted to bring the core of the plane back to upgrade the Dou Qi continent to solve his worries.

As soon as he finished speaking, he controlled the little vindictive energy left in his body and ran away quickly.

"Where to run!"

The slender jade hand controlled the jade sword, forming hundreds of white beams in a row in the sea area, blasting towards Xiao Yan.

"This crazy woman is really troublesome."

Feeling the sharp fluctuations, Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly, and then spread out the core inscription, trying to deal with it, cracking its formation.

"Strange, this tortoise shell on this guy's body is so strong, why did my attack fall on it, it's just like making a fuss?"

After some shots, the woman's eyebrows wrinkled, her beautiful eyes stared at Xiao Yan's tyrannical body, carefully examining it.

You are one of the reincarnations, how would you still be so stalemate against a mere Eight-Star Fighting Immortal?

"Haoyue formation, imprison him for me!"

The woman's voice fell, and the silver light formation around her body became restless, turning into countless silver stars, chasing and killing Xiao Yan.

"Look at me, the seventh-level breaking ruler!"

Seeing this, Xiao Yan, in order to distract his attention, hurriedly put away Baxia's body, then pulled out the ancient ruler that he had been carrying behind him, and slashed at the woman indiscriminately.

Seven gigantic gigantic lights gushed out, with great momentum, but their power was terrifyingly small.

Now that he has a different identity, he is the Lord of the Endless Fire Territory. What he does cannot be too public, so he arbitrarily uses some low-level fighting skills to confuse the public.

"too weak."

She casually swept away Xiao Yan's attack, and the woman was chasing after him. Judging from his serious appearance, it was obvious that he did not intend to let Xiao Yan go.

"Don't go too far."

Having been unable to get rid of this guy, Xiao Yan's brows had a hint of anger.

The Immortal Realm lives under the center of the Immortal Realm. Provoking such a giant now will definitely cause a lot of inconvenience to the Endless Fire Territory. Moreover, Xiao Yan is currently lacking in strength, and protecting the core of the plane is the main responsibility.

"Hand over that thing!"

Because Xiao Yan moved extremely fast before, the woman didn't see what it was. The only thing that was certain was that it was very valuable and full of energy.

"Your Majesty Chang'e, are you here?"

Xiao Yan patted his forehead, and slowly remembered several powerful people in the center of the Immortal Realm who could speak out.

"Your Majesty..."

At the same time, the white woman also had a look of astonishment, her whole body became quiet, looking at Xiao Yan's appearance, she couldn't help but quietly turned her head to prepare to find out.

"..."

The white woman turned her head, but found that there was no one in sight. At the same time, the formation around her body was broken, as if something had slipped out.

"Okay, how dare you play me!"

"My fairy, Fairy Moon Palace, I will arrest you this time!"

The voice was transmitted in a mighty manner, and the woman's speed was skyrocketing, chasing after Xiao Yan who was running away.

"It's really a broom star."

Xiao Yan was helpless and did not dare to return to Doudi Continent easily, so he could only stay on top of Yuanhai Continent and return for too long, otherwise, if he was discovered by this guy, he would inevitably have some other troubles.

At this point, the search for the core of the plane is also over, and even Xiao Yan has obtained the full version of the tyrant dragon, plus the husk of the tyrant that is strong enough to resist the four-layer reincarnation attack This trip has been quite rewarding. Feng!

Dou Di Continent.

Headquarters of Endless Fire Territory.

"The matter of the Xiao family seems to have to find some time to resolve, otherwise it will only be more and more unfavorable to us if we drag it on like this."

Feng Wan'er and Xiao Zifan appeared in the same mansion. Among them were several high-level officials, three mistresses, and others. Everyone had already settled some matters in the two continents and paid attention to the affairs of the Great Thousand World.

"The Xiao Clan's affairs involve too much."

"Now, with the help of Senior Demon Emperor and Senior Soul Eater, we shouldn't act rashly. Everything can only be done when Xiao Yan's strength reaches Samsara."

"After all, the Xiao clan has provoked too many powerhouses."

Xiao Zifan shook his head, and he didn't know much about these things. After all, he was trapped in the ghost world and let him avoid the Xiao clan.

"I'm afraid it will be about the Seven Realms in the Great Thousand Worlds."

"Yep."

"The rest will be discussed later. Now all preparations are done, just wait for Xiao Yan to retrieve the core of the plane."

Everyone smiled sweetly, and their voices were filled with a trace of relief. The current prosperity of the Endless Fire Territory is obvious to all.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: