Chapter Vol 4 1431: Beast tide!

The Tianming Mountains are vast, but in the middle of the mountain range, there are some huge peaks that tower into the clouds. There are many trails around the peaks, and these trails surround the peaks. Only through the trails can you go to the top of the Tianming Mountains.

"what happened?"

"Why did you stop?"

"The guy in front, what are you doing to eat?" Everyone walked in an orderly manner on a trail halfway up the mountain. The trail was surrounded by trees, and the power of heaven and earth was strong. Even everyone deliberately avoided the roads with many soul beasts, so they went all the way. It was also safe and sound, but at this time, the front suddenly stopped moving, and the people in the rear suddenly scolded.

"Yuan Yan, go back quickly, I'll take a look." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he put Yuan Yan down, he seemed to have a bad premonition, and then quickly moved towards the front of the troops. As for the strong men like Duan Tianhong and Yuan Xiao , followed the troops quietly, unless they were in danger, they would not take action.

"Is it coming to the beast tide so soon..."

"It seems that the end point is not too far away." Duan Tianhong smiled slowly, and then he took a leisurely walk on his own.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan asked just as he came to the front, looking at the strange end of the path ahead.

End of trail. It is a virgin forest with dense vegetation.

"Brother Xiao Yan, Mu Ge has been exploring the way for us as a vanguard, but just came out of the trail to the edge of the forest, Mu Ge said to go first to explore the road, but now it has been an hour and there is no movement, we are worried about him There may be some danger." Several personnel were also guarding the exit of the trail, and said fearfully, after all, they were weak and naturally did not dare to pour into it easily.

"You guys stay here and don't move, keep the order behind the troops, I'll take a look." Xiao Yan commanded, then looked up at the virgin forest that was completely shrouded in special fog in front of him, and poured into it.

"What a strange fog..." Xiao Yan had just poured into the fog, when he could not see his fingers, and even his sight could not cast off countless poisonous insects, and ancient trees appeared, but as it deepened, a trace of mist would also destroy Xiao Yan. Yan's line of sight is covered, and the visibility is only less than one meter.

"Pastoral song?" Xiao Yan opened his mouth softly and called out tentatively, but what was waiting for Xiao Yan was a dead silence.

"Boom!" All of a sudden, spirit beasts with strange shapes suddenly roared towards Xiao Yan from the depths of the fog.

"Xingyue wolf?"

"Three pattern fire horse?"

"..."

"Titan Ancient Ape?" Familiar names emerged from Xiao Yan's mouth, and then the dozens of soul beasts, regardless of it, launched a frantic attack directly at Xiao Yan.

"What's going on here..." Xiao Yan's soul beast was enveloped in flames, and then he used his fiery explosion technique. With his tyrannical speed, he easily avoided the attacks of many soul beasts.

"These spirit beasts are all based on power, but their pupils are turning red. Could it be that they are being controlled by this strange mist?" Constantly stalemate with dozens of spirit beasts, Xiao Yan suddenly frowned.

"Never mind, let's imprison these guys." The next moment, Xiao Yan's eyes became heavy, and then the core inscription of Ni Gong Wan in his body suddenly appeared in his hands.

"Weng Om Om!" Immediately, the core inscriptions moved magically, and the core inscriptions with ancient lines wrapped around the space with ease.

"The Array of Immortal Silk and Vine!" With a light drink, countless green life auras emerged, and then this space was imprisoned by Xiao Yan's formation.

"Boom!" Seemingly aware of the danger contained in Xiao Yan's formation, dozens of soul beasts suddenly let out a deafening roar.

"Xiansi Teng!"

"Bound!" Naturally, Xiao Yan would not give these soul beasts a chance. With a cold snort, countless gigantic vines emerged from the ground of the formation, and then directly wrapped around their bodies, making them unable to move at all.

"Weng Om Om!" After being bound by Xiao Yan's immortal silk vine, which contained the tyrannical and imprisoning power, although these soul beasts were restricted by Xiao Yan, their red pupils exuded an extremely violent aura, which made people shudder. .

"Boom!" The next moment, Xiao Yan just wanted to mobilize his soul power to conduct further investigations on these soul beasts, but was attracted by a shocking explosion not far away.

"Pastoral?" Xiao Yan felt the familiar aura, and immediately ignored these soul beasts, he placed a seal at will, and then his figure moved away quickly.

On the other side, not far from Xiao Yan.

"Damn...what is this place?"

"This strange fog is actually confusing me. I'm afraid I've lost contact with most of the people." Mu Ge stared vigilantly around. For some reason, the fog seemed to contain a fearful oppression. , making the pastoral rather uncomfortable.

"嘁偁嘁!" After a while, a strange voice suddenly emerged from the fog.

"who!"

"Get out!" Mu Ge burst into anger, and the strength of Samsung Dou Xian in the early stage was undoubtedly displayed, and he entered a state of battle.

"Boom!" After a few breaths, an ancient tree with a size of several tens of meters was uprooted directly, and then as if being thrown by someone, it blasted away at the pastoral with a very sharp aura.

"Ice Needle Strangulation!" Mu Ge was shocked when he saw this. Obviously, this terrifying technique is not something that ordinary powerhouses can do, but he doesn't dare to neglect. The dazzling fighting qi emerged and gathered in front of him, thus forming an extremely tyrannical force. s attack.

"Crash!" The dazzling power of ice directly covered the ancient tree that flew over, and the mysterious power above the ancient tree and the figure of the ancient tree were instantly solidified by the madrigal's ice-type fighting qi. After being completely strangled and obliterated.

"Pimples." The first round of attacks fell, and suddenly, in the fog, some unbelievable and strange sounds were heard from all directions, but there was no attack rashly.

"Where the **** is it, get out of here!" Madrigal was also extremely vigilant at this time, constantly scanning the surroundings, and said solemnly Madrigal...Are you alright? "Not long after, Xiao Yan's figure slowly reflected into Mu Ge's pupils.

"Xiao Yan, why are you here?"

"It's dangerous here, let's go!" But Mu Ge saw Xiao Yan's arrival, but he didn't have any surprises, and a chill emerged from the bottom of his heart.

"This is the only way to enter the heights of the Tianming Mountain Range, so this guy must be defeated." Xiao Yan said slowly, and the dazzling flame on his body was like a scorching sun, and you bloomed brightly.

"Since that's the case... then this time, let's fight side by side!" Mu Ge heard the words, nodded slowly, and then said slowly.

And with the appearance of Xiao Yan, the mysterious creature hidden in the mist seemed to pause for a moment: "This human being... seems to have some familiar fluctuations."

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!