Chapter 241: A terrifying increase in spiritual power!

Xiao Yan felt that the Ni Gong Wan deep in his body swelled rapidly, and he was overjoyed immediately, and then without hesitation, he sat down with his legs crossed in the center of the forbidden water bridge.

Sitting down cross-legged, then closing his eyes, he carefully felt the changes in Nigongwan in his body.

At first, when he knew about this Dou Formation Master, Xiao Yan knew that if this Dou Formation Master was cultivated, it would also greatly increase his battles, but even though he had been trained, there was no way to cultivate, which made Xiao Yan quite confused. for a headache.

At that time, the identity of Dou Formation Master was like an embroidered pillow, which made Xiao Yan quite anxious.

But it's different now. After getting the "Shen Dong" natal inscription to absorb the spiritual power above the forbidden water bridge, Ni Gong Wan also swelled up.

"Breakthrough!"

Xiao Yan also gritted his teeth and persisted.

Although this pain is undoubtedly a heaven and an earth compared to the time when Ni Gong Wan was opened, it also made Xiao Yan suffer. So it is no wonder that Xiao Yan is like this.

At this time, after the "Shen Dong" natal inscription absorbed the mysterious spiritual power above the Forbidden Water Bridge, Xiao Yan's brain was also in chaos!

The "Shen Dong" natal inscription had just returned to the Nigong Pill in Xiao Yan's body, and Xiao Yan's body became quiet. The spiritual power was also pulled by the power of the "Shen Dong" natal inscription, and it was impacted by the small Nigong Pill everywhere. go!

"Boom boom boom!" Intense pain buzzed in Xiao Yan's mind, but no matter what the movement of Ni Gong Wan was in his body, Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and persevered, because Xiao Yan was more eager than anyone else. Power, and at the same time know better that this is the only way to gain power!

With the passage of time, Nigongwan swelled up, and the spiritual sea that was originally zhangxu was also expanding rapidly, and in just a short period of time, it expanded into a space of dozens of meters!

Before Xiao Yan was overjoyed, he immediately controlled the "magic movement" natal inscription to run quickly.

Four thousand ways...

Five thousand ways...

Five thousand five hundred!

Originally, Xiao Yan was able to condense 3,000 core inscriptions, and it would not be a problem to deal with the three-star Dou Di.

Five thousand five hundred!

This is a qualitative change from the previous three thousand core inscriptions!

If the previous ones were only able to condense 3,000 core inscriptions to deal with the three-star Dou Di powerhouse, at this time Xiao Yan was already able to condense 5,500 core inscriptions!

These are 5,500 core inscriptions!

Even Xiao Yan, a powerhouse at the level of a five-star Dou Di, has the confidence to fight!

At this time, Xiao Yan, who was sitting cross-legged, couldn't help laughing. He never imagined that the terrifying spiritual power on this forbidden water bridge would be swallowed up by such a coincidence.

However, Xiao Yan also understands that if he hadn't possessed the "magic movement" natal inscription given by some mysterious old man, his terror would have been attacked by the terrifying spiritual force on the forbidden water bridge, and he would have become the white bones in the river in the forbidden waters. a part of...

Fortunately, Xiao Yan succeeded.

Xiao Yan was also excited at this time, not only because the Nigong Pill in his body swelled several times, but more importantly, the "magic movement" natal inscription on the Nigong Pill in his body was only a quarter of it!

A quarter!

If four runes are gathered, and then the real "magic movement" natal inscription, then its power...

Xiao Yan also laughed. It seems that there will be an additional task in the future, to find the other three parts of this "magic movement" natal inscription, but this matter is not anxious, after all, it will be a long time in Japan.

"It's really comfortable..." After getting his Nigong Pill to expand several times, Xiao Yan felt an indescribable sense of relief all over his body.

"It is said that a really powerful battle formation master turns his hands into a powerful formation. It not only has the power to overturn rivers and seas, but a powerful formation master is also a king. He treats the enemy as if he were a slaughterhouse and slaughtered at will!"

"I remember that there was once a powerful Dou Formation Master who, in order to save his lover, used his own strength to fight ten Immortal Dou warriors, and countless Dou Emperor warriors..."

"Guess what happened later?" The Golden Dragon King also said with a smile at this time.

"Could it be that which battle formation master won?" Xiao Yan was also surprised.

"That's right, which battle formation master won."

"And it was very easy to win."

"One-handed formation is to trap countless Dou Di strong, and the other is to trap ten Dou Xian strong, so as to deal with ten Dou Xian in the formation, easily defeated Ten Immortal Fighters!" The Golden Dragon King said casually.

"Those are the ten Immortal Fighters..." Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, obviously looking in disbelief.

"Hey, don't think it's impossible."

"In the hands of Dou Formation Masters, the real power lies in the formation. The stronger the formation is, the more powerful it is, but it also requires the caster's huge spiritual power as the back."

"And there is one more important one."

"That is, the Dou Formation Master is invincible in his own formation!" The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

"Invincible?" Xiao Yan was surprised, Xiao Yan also knew the meaning of the word invincible, if it was invincible...

"Yes, invincible, in a sense, invincible, because the battle formation division is the core of the creation and control of the formation, so if you fight in the formation formation of the formation division, the formation division is in an invincible position. !" The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

"Okay, don't be too ambitious, the road is to go step by step."

"But you're a blessing in disguise..."

"Let's go." The Golden Dragon King's voice also said slowly and comfortably.

Xiao Yan also nodded knowingly when he heard the words, because Xiao Yan just felt that if it wasn't for the appearance of his "magic move" birth inscription, then his master, the Golden Dragon King, would definitely take action to solve this terrifying problem. Spiritually powerful, he immediately glanced at his master, the Golden Dragon King, with a little gratitude.

Although there are many things that his master Jinlong Wanghai will not tell Xiao Yan, but Xiao Yan can feel the invisible concerns of his master Jinlongwang.

Xiao Yan is also a sweetheart. Although he doesn't say it, he remembers everything in his heart.

After hesitating for a while, Xiao Yan also slowly moved forward with heavy steps.

With the increase in mental strength, it was much easier to walk up the Forbidden Water Bridge, and there was no other force restraint on the Forbidden Water Bridge, so Xiao Yan came to the end of the Forbidden Water Bridge very easily.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Just as Xiao Yan fell, the forbidden water bridge disappeared instantly.

"This…"

"Is there no way out..." Xiao Yan helplessly smiled bitterly.

"Go!" The Golden Dragon King also floated out in the form of a soul at this time, and then his golden pupils stared at him tightly.

Xiao Yan also raised his head again.

Xiao Yan raised his head and found that after passing through this strange black river, the ghost energy here seems to be quite thin, and I don't know why.

"Strange, why is there a constant cry of crying..."

Ask for tickets!