Chapter Vol 4 1194: Mysterious power, sin!

Xiao Yan and his party slowly walked towards Shawu Village, and Yu Yifeng also took the rest of the team and went directly to the place where the medicines that entered Icefire Island were grown.

At this time, Shawu Village.

Shawu Village, this is a village living by the sea. The whole village has about 2,000 people. It is not small in scale. There are a variety of wooden houses and sand along the way. In addition, with the invasion of the sea breeze, fog will blow from time to time here. , causing blurred vision, hence the name.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

At this time, in almost the entire village, powerful men stood on an altar about 100 meters in size, facing the three figures with the same enemy.

I saw the three figures, wearing a dark black robe, covering the entire body tightly, and a trace of extremely evil aura constantly permeated from their body, but behind the black robe, there was a thorn. A big red letter.

"Sin!"

The conspicuous red enchanting characters seem to reveal some evil power, which makes people linger in fear.

Wearing a black robe, behind the back is an extraordinarily enchanting figure set off by the red word of sin.

"Old village chief, can you think about it?" Among the three figures, the figure standing in the middle spoke slowly, and there was a sense of playfulness in his voice, which made everyone around him feel uneasy.

"Humph."

"You messed up forces, don't try to devour our village. Even if we die, we won't agree to your unreasonable demands..." A burly man with a big sword in his hand stepped forward and said, his eyes It was filled with an aura of fearlessness.

"There's a lot of nonsense." The next moment, the burly man's voice just fell, and the figure on the far right of the three figures suddenly flashed as fast as a ghost, and came to him with a dark and evil aura. , Suddenly the burly man fell into a pool of blood.

"Boss, why are you talking so much nonsense with them..."

"If you don't agree, kill them all." The figure on the far right casually obliterated the burly man, and then said impatiently.

"Don't go too far!" Seeing his clansman being killed under his own eyes, the old village chief's eyelids trembled violently, as if he was ready to fight these three guys at any time.

"Village Chief, there are absolutely no people in Shawu Village who are greedy for life and fear of death. As long as you say a word, we will kill them endlessly!" Some clansmen also looked at each other and said to the three figures.

"Old village chief, you have to think carefully. If you make a mistake in this kind of decision, I'm afraid you are not alone..." The man in the middle didn't seem to be in a hurry, and smiled directly.

"I... I promise you."

"But I can only help you deceive the Hawkeye team. As for whether you can arrest them, that's none of our business." The old village chief reluctantly said, no matter how angry he was, he wouldn't dare to confront these guys in front of him. , because they are too strong, and there are thousands of lives behind them.

"Hey, old village chief, you should have done this long ago, then it won't be like this." The figure who had just wiped out the burly man smiled slowly, his voice full of evil intentions.

"When they arrive, I will lead them into the trap you set up." The old village chief said viciously.

"Then we won't bother." After the three of them finished speaking, their figures flashed, and then an evil aura like moths left Dou Chuo in place.

"Village Chief, the aura on their bodies is too evil, I'm afraid it has something to do with the extraterrestrial evil clan, we can't help..." Some figures couldn't help roaring, obviously as members of the Great Thousand World, how could they be with the extraterrestrial evil? clan collusion.

"Then why not?"

"We have reported this matter for a long time, but the superpowers above Dongzhou are still unheard of. I am afraid that these guys have penetrated into the superpowers of Dongzhou."

"And what else can we do other than promise them?"

"Did you fight with them?"

"Betting on the lives of the whole village?" The old village chief seemed to be emotional and roared in a low voice.

"Hey..." Many men on the altar heard the words and sighed slightly. They all knew that although the village chief was doing this at the risk of a big deal, it was also for the sake of the lives of their villagers.

"Sir, are these guys credible..." And the three figures who just disappeared were hidden in a hidden place outside the Shawu Village.

"It doesn't matter."

"The guys from the Ghost Kingdom pretended to be the high-level leaders of Yinhuntian and hired the Eagle Eye team to go to Icefire Island to rescue the strong people in their clan, and we got the news that this undead leaf is in the hands of this group of people, but we don't know who it is. "

"But for my king's coming and revenge, we must do our best to prevent the resurrection of the holy flame. After all, the holy flame's suppression of the king is too strong."

"And after countless years of research, we have already found a way to restrain the holy flame. As long as we get the undead leaf, with the connection between the undead leaf and the undead fire, we can keep this holy flame from appearing in the next world war. among."

"When the war between heaven and earth comes, this great world will lose the restraint of the holy flames on our foreign evil races. I see how they resist the pressure of our army..."

"Susu." After the three figures finished speaking, they suddenly let out a gloomy smile that didn't look like a human being.

As the figures of the three "sin" forces slowly released evil smiles, at this moment, there were countless secret passages extending in all directions.

The person from "Lord Soul Sin" seems to be here too. "In the dark passage, a voice sounded leisurely.

"what?"

"What are they doing here!" When the figure called Soul Venerable heard the words, he was shocked.

As the soul of the ghost kingdom, he naturally knows the power of "sin".

"Sin" is a mysterious force composed of human beings. No one knows its overall strength, but the only certainty is that this force is not small.

They spurn human beings and are willing to serve the evil races outside the realm. They are the moths that everyone in the world hates.

"These guys are specializing in bad things for us."

"Keep an eye on the Hawkeye team. Once they have an accident, they must report it in time."

"The Hawkeye team is very strong. We hired them to let them take the lead. Only then can we rescue the guy from Icefire Island." The mysterious Soul Venerable said slowly.

After speaking, the underground passage has returned to calm, but it is also the time of the storm.

"It should be Shawu Village in front." Two days passed in a flash, and then Xiao Yan and the four came to Shawu Village not far away. Hearing the sound of the sea slamming on the rocks, the two women were overjoyed. said.

"Strange, how can there be a rather evil aura in this Shawu Village... Evil tribes from outside the realm?" Even though it was still several hundred meters away, Xiao Yan, relying on his huge soul power, smelled a trace of people who were terrifying. Disgusting breath.

Sheng Yan is the biggest nemesis of the evil clan outside the realm, so Xiao Yan naturally sensed a breath that was difficult for everyone to notice.