Chapter Vol 4 1589: Religion!

"Let's all die..." With the fall of the strong man stationed in the crystal vein, Xiao Yan took back the domain, and the dazzling flames swept away, attacking many guards frantically.

Most of the crystal veins guarding this place are only two-star fighting immortals or even three-star fighting immortals. Therefore, being attacked by such a dazzling flame of Xiao Yan is like a bereaved dog facing death for a while.

"My lord, my lord, wait."

"In this crystal vein, the second elder of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect is still imprisoned. The subordinates can take the adults to the prison. I hope the adults will show mercy, because the guards here are forced to do so." After Shunxi, an identity The not-low chief guard hurried out to stop Xiao Yan's actions.

These people are not the staff of Tingfeng Pavilion, but they were forced by Tingfeng Pavilion to come here to guard the crystal vein, so they can only comply with the requirements of Tingfeng Pavilion. Now that Xiao Yan is returning from the fight, he is naturally willing to serve Xiao Yan.

"Xiaoyaozi in our own Central Territory is also forced to be helpless now. If the adults are willing, we are willing to swear by our souls to be loyal to the adults." While taking Xiao Yan towards the cave, he said respectfully.

"Okay." Hearing this, Xiao Yan agreed immediately. After all, such things as soul swearing are quite dangerous. Once they are attacked, the consequences will be unimaginable. Although these guys are not strong, if they are loyal, add Xiao Yan's medicine pill. Auxiliary, can also become a group of potential stocks in the Ten Thousand Fire Sect in the future.

"Sir, it's here." After a while, the two came to a rather hidden dungeon underground.

"The **** of Tingfeng Pavilion, when Lord Xiao Yan is out of the gate, you will naturally have good fruits to eat." A roar emerged from the cage shrouded in darkness.

"Second Elder, it's me, Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan heard the words and said immediately, but after hearing this voice, a burst of relief appeared in his heart. In addition, Xiao Lei was also on the Second Elder.

"Lord Xiao Yan, you are back." Hearing this familiar voice, the second elder couldn't help but burst into tears and hurriedly spoke.

"Second Elder, what happened?"

"When I left, I didn't give you the secret weapon. Even if the strong attacked, I'm afraid it wouldn't look like this. How could this be?" Xiao Yan easily destroyed the seemingly solid dungeon prison column while supporting The second elder asked while asking.

It's just that these two elders now have large and small scars on their bodies, and the aura on their bodies is extremely weak. Obviously, he has not had an easy time during this time.

"Lord Xiao Yan, that's a long story."

"The power that your lord gave me is enough to resist some late-stage four-star fighting immortal powerhouses, but one day, it was sealed by a late-stage four-star fighting immortal powerhouse."

"The powerhouse in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Xian was extremely tyrannical, unlike Qing Yunkun, but he was even more tyrannical, and with the seal of that power, our crystal veins were completely defeated, except for me, including three Elder, the whole army is annihilated."

"Afterwards, during the sect competition, Lord Xiao Gui was seriously injured by the manager of the Qingyun Pavilion... Then our sect took the seriously injured Lord Xiao Gui back to the sect, and was ambushed on the way, Lord Xiao Gui... I don't know what happened. trace."

"And the guys who ambushed us, all of them have extraordinary strength, and it seems that they are deliberately going towards Lord Xiao Gui." A trembling voice sounded slowly.

"Second Elder, it's hard for you."

"I want to know about Xiao Gui's life and death... and some of the aura of that mysterious powerhouse." Xiao Yan heard the words, his originally calm face slowly turned hideous, but his eyes turned red involuntarily, and even that was hidden by Xiao Yan. The blood of the Xiao family in the deepest part of the body also became turbulent at this time.

"Before Mr. Xiao Gui was arrested, he told us to guard the sect's territory and wait for his return... As for the life and death of Mr. Xiao Gui, the subordinates dare to conclude that the adults should be fine. After all, those mysterious powerhouses arrested Xiao. The ghost is also extremely careful, not hurting the adults, it seems to have other plans." The second elder looked at Xiao Yan's appearance and said cautiously.

"However, the subordinates saw the Qingyun Token from the hands of the mysterious people. This kind of token is owned by the pavilion master. Once the token is issued, there are some very special things, but I don't know that it is a mysterious power. What the author deliberately let me see was by chance." After a while, the second elder slowly spoke.

"Qingyun Pavilion!!!" Xiao Yan heard the words, his breathing became solemn, and countless blue veins burst out on his arms, which was quite terrifying, and a dazzling killing intent suddenly emerged from his body.

"Second elder, let's give up this crystal vein first, and we will set off immediately to return to Wanhuo Sect."

"This time, I will definitely make Qingyun Pavilion pay the price." Xiao Yan's voice instantly turned into a demon-like murderous aura, even without any sense of reason.

Xiao Gui has the blood of their Xiao family, no matter what, Xiao Yan will stand up for him, even if it is to anger the entire Earth Spirit Academy for Xiao Gui.

"But my lord, the manager of Qingyun Pavilion has already entered the underground courtyard because of his outstanding performance in the Zongmen competition, and now in the Qingyun Pavilion, there are two strong people in the late stage of Four-Star Dou Xian, one bright and one dark..." The second elder saw Although he is extremely worried about Xiao Gui's safety, he is vigilant. After all, the current strength of the sects has been lost. For them, the Qingyun Pavilion is like a giant Buddha that cannot be resistedI don't care whether he is a four-star fighting immortal in the late stage or a four-star fighting immortal consummation, since the Ten Thousand Fire Sect and Xiao Gui have been moved, then this time..."

"Their Qingyun Pavilion must be destroyed!" A suffocating aura emerged, filling the dungeon with an extremely **** smell.

"This is... the strength of the four-star Dou Xian early stage?" Seeing Xiao Yan so angry, the second elder couldn't help but lose his voice.

"Sir, this is the mysterious power you gave me, but unfortunately it was sealed by the mysterious powerhouse." After a while, a light group with a faint thunder beam slowly appeared from the hands of the second elder, but the light group was surrounded by It was filled with an evil black aura.

"Crack!" With a sound, Xiao Yan's palm in a violent state was wrapped in dazzling fiery red flames, and easily crushed the black pattern surrounding the thunderbolt.

"Crash!" With a sound, the thunderbolt light group returned to Xiao Yan's soul realm.

"Xiao Gui was seriously injured by the manager of Qingyun Pavilion... and then was ordered by Your Excellency Qingyun to arrest others. The reason is that Xiao Gui and Luo Menglan, who had been married long ago, have privately agreed for life." Xiao Lei had just returned to Xiao Yan's body, Suddenly, more detailed information rushed into Xiao Yan's heart like a tide.

"Let's go."

"Go back to the Wanhuo Sect first, and when the sect things settle down, the Qingyun Pavilion must be destroyed." The soft voice was full of shocking killing intent.