Chapter Vol 4 2221: The ancient tree of life of the elves!

"Well, we won."

Looking at the shocking scene in the enchantment, little tears appeared on Xiao Yi Junmei's face, her nose flushed red, and the grief could not be stopped.

In the altar barrier, Xiao Yan and Qianqin were still talking a few words, but at this time, everyone knew that this election contest was over.

"Second brother."

Before there was any other action, Xiao Yi stepped out and instantly came to Xiao Yan's side in the enchantment.

At this point, there is no need to continue.

Furthermore, the elf princess has cultivated since childhood and learned noble culture and art. Although she is domineering and aggressive, she is very open to winning and losing.

"Huhu."

Seeing Xiao Yi's arrival, Xiao Yan originally wanted to hold on for a while, but unfortunately, the intense feeling of weakness conveyed from his body made Xiao Yan's legs go soft and he lay directly on Xiao Yi's shoulders.

"Using so much power at one time, the load is really too great."

Xiao Yan said with a grin, then lay on Xiao Yi's back, an extremely terrifying dry feeling appeared in the core of the battle, and even the power of **** was shaking in the body, and the five fingers that looked like bones were extremely Terrible.

"I have to say, you are the strongest person I have ever met."

"If you really step into reincarnation, I can't be your opponent at all."

"I look forward to the day when you step into reincarnation."

Qianqin swept away the aftermath of the energy all over her body, then shook her head and said, Xiao Yan is a genuine and powerful enemy, the strongest person she has ever encountered since ancient times.

"By the way, dare to ask the princess of Qianqin what is the matter under the crown of the Tamil Dragon King?"

At the end, Xiao Yan spoke weakly.

The nine dragon kings are mighty and mighty, not because Xiao Yan covets the power of the storm, but wants to search for the traces of the Baxia Dragon King through the Tamil Dragon King.

"The power of the Storm Dragon King was obtained by chance when I was young. As for her trace, even I can't trace it."

"But she should have a deep connection with the Holy See or the angel family."

Princess Qianqin shook her head and retreated directly from the barrier.

"The competition is over."

"The three major tribes have completely disintegrated, and there is a clear candidate for the next king of the fire elves."

"Everyone, what other objections do you have?"

Watching the end of the farce in the field, the second elder Ma Lin stepped out, and the brown flames all over his body slanted out like a warm current, repairing this broken holy altar barrier, and the mighty voice shocked everyone present.

This kind of power, just the terrifying coercion emanating from the invisible, makes people shudder, worthy of being the leader of the fire elves.

"Alice is here, congratulations to Young Master Yi."

"Qianqin also wishes to bless Young Master Yi first."

The second elder Ma Lin had just fallen, and the two princesses Alice and Qianqin bowed gracefully, even though they had put down their prejudices, they said slowly.

"Congratulations, Mr. Yi!"

When the elven powerhouses who were watching behind them heard the words, they also bowed their hands one after another.

"Second elder, my second brother is seriously injured now. Let's take him to deal with it as soon as possible. I'm not in a hurry."

Facing the support of so many powerful people, Xiao Yi did not feel any joy. Instead, she frowned and said to the second elder beside her, extremely urgent.

"This guy... Could it be that the life and death of a human is more important than the honorable status of the next king of the fire elves?"

"The king of the fire elves, the generation is the most powerful person above the fifth level of reincarnation!!!"

"In addition to controlling the entire elf family, it is enough to stand among the top ranks of the Great Thousand World!"

Countless people looked at Xiao Yi's appearance, and their hearts were already itching, but they didn't dare to make any unnecessary actions.

"Yep."

"Alice, Qianqin, Marvin, the three major tribes disintegrated, inject your power into our fire elves, and we will resume the canonization ceremony in a few days."

Second Elder Ma Lin took Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi, turned them into a meteor, and flew towards the bottom of the elf altar.

The Holy Spirit stands at the highest point, while the headquarters of the Fire Elf family resides at the bottom of the Elf altar.

"This is the headquarters of our fire elves. Let me take you to the pharmacy. Yao Lao Gui has a lot of good herbs, which can speed up the healing of your injuries."

Second Elder Ma Lin walked slowly and led the two of them.

Looking around, the so-called headquarters of the Fire Elf clan is located deep in the center of a prosperous forest. It is bright and full of life.

The ground is covered with layers of strange spar like agate. The forest is integrated with nature. Most of the buildings in the forest are extravagant, but more buildings are built on one by one. The center of the trees in the sky, above the branches.

Green leaves, the breath of life, and indeed the word elves, are very harmonious.

The ancient tree of life of the elves is also the true holy place among the elves.

As the three walked like this, they soon came to a place deep in the forest, surrounded by brown flames.

The whole body is round, and there are no trees and weeds within a hundred meters. There is only an ancient tree with a height of a thousand meters, standing in it.

Above the ancient trees, lines like human bodies emerged, with some ancient and mysterious fluctuations. At this time, above the ancient trees, a series of exquisite wooden houses emerged, but at the feet of the ancient trees, it was strange. A trace of black marks appeared, and those black marks felt dizzy just by looking at them.

"Old Yao, open the door for me."

Second Elder Ma Lin led the two of them with ease, and came to the top of the Ancient Tree of Life, and knocked away the fourth wooden house from the top.

"This is the ancient tree of life, the place where elves have lived for generations. Cultivating and retreating here has the effect of getting twice the result with half the effort."

"And because of this ancient tree, the log house here has another mystery, because the log house is a separate space for us elves to live in." Xiao Yi explained.

"It turns out that there is such a good place."

Xiao Yan nodded, facing the space here, even Xiao Yan quite liked it.

"By the way, Second Elder, what about the First Elder and the Patriarch... isn't it?"

While explaining to Xiao Yan, Xiao Yi suddenly remembered something, shook her head and said, then stared at Second Elder Ma Lin.

According to past experience and records, every time the contest for electors will be led by the first elder, how come it is the second elder's turn this time?

Could it be that there really are some other problems within the fire elves?

"Stop talking nonsense, let me recover from my injuries first!"

"After all, you two guys have to work hard for a while!"

"Don't be lazy!"

Being pointed out by Xiao Yi, the second elder Ma Lin smiled lightly, but there seemed to be malicious intentions in that smile?

Second Elder Ma Lin was not surprised by Xiao Yi's inquiry. After all, this guy is the next king of the Fire Elf clan. The Seal of Reincarnation and the power of holy flame are enough to know all the disasters that follow.

But the next step is probably the real highlight of the fire elves!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: