Chapter 268: Only 1 chance!

"Who are you!" The ferocious giant face in the blood-colored vortex also snorted coldly.

"Hey, you don't care who I am, but it's not your turn to kill this woman." The man also smiled heartily.

A rather handsome young man also appeared above the sky.

With the appearance of the young man, Xiao Yan's tightly closed eyes also became somewhat moist.

"Big brother..." A voice that ran through the entire Infernal Corpse Forest also appeared, and then several people in the sky saw the young man heading towards the place where Xiao Yan was.

"It's good to wake up." Xiao Yan also moved the corner of his mouth slightly, and then said lightly, but the excitement contained in his voice could not be concealed.

The young man in front of him looked like that Xiao Yi in Xiao Yan's body!

Xiaoyi's body is the pure lotus demon fire, but after merging the twenty-three kinds of flames, she has also produced some mutations that even her master, the Golden Dragon King, did not know, and became a fire elf!

And after the first transformation, Xiao Yi also grew from a baby to a handsome young man.

The strength has also improved qualitatively!

"Are you alright?"

"It will take some time."

"Then leave it to me." Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi who were in the sky were talking. After the conversation between the two souls ended, Xiao Yi was also heading towards the **** whirlpool.

"you……"

"Who did you say is your sister-in-law!" Mu Yingying said angrily at this time. Obviously, although Xiaoyi helped her resist an attack, she was able to resist it at the time, but she would expose some things. , and then was shocked by Xiao Yi's words...

A girl, a lady, is the most important thing, and it is reasonable to be angry when this man makes such a scene.

"Hahaha, misunderstanding and misunderstanding..." Xiao Yi tried her best to get rid of it. Obviously, the relationship between the woman in front of her and her eldest brother Xiao Yan was her own mistake...

But you can't blame yourself, can you?

The flame aura on his eldest brother Xiao Yan's body is very huge, and he is also a fire elf, and the flame aura on Mu Yingying's body is also quite friendly to the two of them, which is why Xiao Yi misunderstood.

"Humph!"

"Why don't you give me an explanation, this is not over!" Mu Yingying bit her lips slightly, then looked at the blood-colored vortex above the sky, and found that the evil giant face in the blood-colored vortex was also very surprised.

"Are you alright?" The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger on the side was also extremely worried, skipping the place where Mu Yingying was, and said heavily.

"Yeah." Mu Yingying also pondered.

"How could you just do that..."

"Do you know that you can do it like that..." The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger also wanted to anger Mu Yingying just now, but found that Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes exuded a slight pride.

Tianhuo Shenghu shook his head, and then looked at the sinister giant face in the blood-colored vortex not far away.

"This is……"

"Fire Elf!" Chang Yu and Jiuhun Stele who were on the spot also opened their eyes, and then they saw the identity of this man.

"This kid has more and more secrets..." The Nine Soul Stele also murmured in a low voice, and then no longer hesitated, and injected the last breath of the past into Xiao Yan's body.

"It's actually a fire elf!" The giant face in the blood-colored vortex was also slightly startled, and then said.

Although the giant face was slightly surprised, he could find that the ghosts around Xiao Yi were also very afraid of his flames, and immediately became contemplative.

"The flames on the woman and this man are not ordinary things..." The giant face looked at it for a while, and then without hesitation, the giant face disappeared in the blood-colored vortex, and then the terrifying blood-colored vortex also slowly moved towards the black Vortex change!

Yin Xie also understands that the situation at this time is no longer under his control. For now, he can only absorb the ghost energy in this blood-colored vortex and restore it to his peak. Then these people outside are also dying. After all, This Infernal Corpse Forest has been manipulated by himself, and it is impossible to escape except for those who are at the level of fighting immortals.

As for his ghost skill - the **** vortex condensed by the fear of death, even a full-strength blow from an eight-star Dou Emperor powerhouse would not be enough, not to mention the few people in front of him who were less than a percent of Dou Qi.

However, my ghost skill has a fatal flaw, and the power of any evil soldier in the ghost world can easily destroy it...

But Yin Xie didn't think about it either. After all, he had never seen any of the twelve evil soldiers in the ghost world, let alone these humans.

Moreover, Yin Xie also found that the aura of this man is not weak, and now the injured self is not his opponent...

"It's really fast..." Xiao Yi shook her head slightly, and then returned to Xiao Yan. Xiao Yi was also very kind to Xiao Yan. After all, since she remembered, she has always been the one with a heavy weight on her back. The man is protecting himself, walking all the way...

Xiao Yan sat cross-legged, and the two extremely terrifying invisible forces in front of him were also merged!

What appeared in front of Xiao Yan now was an improved version of the Lotus of Quiet, which was based on the Lotus of Quietness, plus the power of the soul and the compression of the power of the soul!

Of course, there are some mysterious powers of the Soul Eater Talisman.

A rather delicate lotus seed was also slowly distributed in Xiao Yan's hands.

"Success?" Xiao Yi also asked.

"Well, it worked." Xiao Yan seemed to be understating it but only he knew the hardships involved. Fortunately, he had the mysterious power of the Soul Eater Talisman, otherwise Xiao Yan would be unimaginable. There is a little problem with the fusion between them, so his end is quite miserable.

"That's..." Mu Yingying also turned around, and then her beautiful eyes stared at the delicate lotus seeds in Xiao Yan's hands.

"How can there be such a dazzling feeling..." Mu Yingying also looked away, it seemed that when Mu Yingying stared at the beautiful lotus seed, her beautiful eyes were sluggish, as if the seemingly small beautiful lotus seed It contains an extremely terrifying power that shocks people's souls!

"That lotus seed..."

"This kid has such a terrifying fighting skill!" The Nine Souls Stele also had a savage gaze, and at a glance he recognized the Lotus of Desolation in Xiao Yan's hands, but even with the strength of the Nine Souls Stele, he looked at the Desolation in Xiao Yan's hands. When I was in the lotus, there was also an unnatural feeling in the depths of my soul, which seemed to be because of the lotus of silence.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Although it's the first time I've used it, I'm confident that it won't be a problem to seriously injure the twin ghost emperors who are now injured." Xiao Yan also smiled slightly, then quickly devoured the medicinal pill to restore the fighting spirit in his body, although the fusion was completed. , but more difficult to come.

"It's just how to break through the ghost technique of the twin ghost emperors - the defense of the blood-colored vortex of fear of death!" Xiao Yan also pondered. Obviously, they only have one chance at this time, and the opportunity cannot be missed, so they must be cautious.

Ask for tickets!