Chapter 517: The misty desert mountains!

"In that case, let's go!"

"Don't forget that we are a whole." The green flute opened his mouth slightly, obviously all the worries had been turned into nothingness in Xiao Yan's last voice!

right!

They are a whole in the Burning Incense Pavilion and are inseparable!

Want to come to this experience, it is also what Zhu Lao prepared to sharpen them!

After all, a person's strength is limited. After all, not everyone has the terrifying ability of a battle formation master, so the importance of teamwork is reflected.

Since Zhu Lao will send them here, there will definitely be no problem!

"Let's go." Several people nodded slightly, then directly followed Xiao Yan.

The group of five had just stepped into the passage on the left, when the second passage behind them disappeared instantly.

"It seems that there is no way out." Mu Feng shrugged helplessly.

"Shabu!" Just when Mu Feng was helpless, a sound of breaking wind sounded, and then in the extremely dark passage, on the walls on the left and right sides, lights appeared instantly, and then illuminated the way forward!

In the passage, the lights are bright, and in the center of the passage, circles of rather funny small stones are paving the way.

"I can't tell that the owner here enjoys it quite a bit." With Xiao Yi's eyesight, it was naturally not difficult to find out that the stones laying in the ground were definitely not ordinary, and there were also those lights.

"It seems that the creatures in this desert area should know that we are coming, and have been waiting for us for a long time." Xiao Yan said slowly.

"Xiao Yan, remember you said before that you need something, what exactly?"

"I want to come to this desert area with a lot of things, it shouldn't be difficult to find it." Mu Yingying said quite carefully.

"The things I still need now are the sixth-order ice-attribute emperor-grade demon core and its blood essence." Xiao Yan said slowly.

Devouring the holy flame is no joke. Although Mu Yingying tried her best to suppress the holy flame in her body, Xiao Yan could vaguely feel that the holy flame was much stronger than the strange flame, so If he is not well prepared, even Xiao Yan would not dare to devour Sheng Yan rashly!

However, according to some obscure records in Fen Jue and the words of his master, the Golden Dragon King, there are three things that need to be prepared for devouring the holy flame.

Seven Flame Flowers, Xu Shengdan, Blood Spirit Ice Liquid!

These three materials are indispensable!

The blood spirit ice liquid, Xiao Yan had already obtained it when he was in the Yin Corpse Forest. As for Qi Yan Hua, Xiao Yan already had San Yan Hua in his hand, at best it was barely enough, so at this time Xiao Yan only had Xu Shengdan left!

Among the Xu Shengdan, the only thing missing is a sixth-rank Emperor Grade Demon Core and its blood essence!

This is what troubles Xiao Yan the most.

"Is it comparable to an ice-attribute demon beast comparable to a human six-star Dou Di..." Mu Yingying opened her mouth slightly, obviously thinking deeply.

"Let's go first, I think the desert area will not let us down." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, but there was a reassuring mysterious power in his voice!

"Susu." In just a few minutes, the group stepped out of the passage and came to a wide place.

"This place should be in the desert area." Xiao Yan had just left the passage when he came to a rather ancient forest, then raised his head slightly, and suddenly saw the vast space that stretched out, and said immediately.

In front of him, there are mountains, lakes, forests and some obscure and powerful atmosphere.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The green plants permeated the surroundings, making Xiao Yan and the others feel a sense of relief!

"If you think it is right, this should be a desert mountain range. It is said that after entering the life path, if you pass through it instantly, you will encounter a desert mountain range. All the treasures in the desert area are hidden in this desert mountain range."

"It's a place where crises and opportunities coexist." Green Flute said slightly, apparently living in the Medusa clan and hearing about this desert area.

"What is the desert mountain range..." Xiao Yan was slightly surprised when he heard the words, apparently this green flute knew this kind of secret.

"What a fresh air." Before a few people could finish speaking, Mu Yingying smiled happily, her voice was extremely cheerful, like a child exuding the purest smile.

"Slow down." Seeing this, Xiao Yan shouted helplessly, and immediately followed, but he murmured, "Why isn't there any other aura here, is it my illusion?"

On the side of Xiao Yi and the others, their eyes slowly drifted away.

Unknown places are the most terrifying!

"Strange, there seems to be a current of water around us..." Just as Xiao Yan and the others moved, Xiao Yan's huge soul force scattered out, exploring all directions!

It's just that the detection range was only a few hundred meters, but these few hundred meters made Xiao Yan quite depressed.

Because according to Xiao Yan's investigation results, the place where they were at this time was only at the bottom of the mountain range. As for the top of the mountain, there seemed to be some kind of behemoth hidden, but because the mist surrounding the mountain range was too thick, Xiao Yan's eyesight and exploration are limited, and he has only detected this information.

Xiao Yan and the others came to the desert mountain range through the passage, but at this time, the place they were in was like a small hill with a radius of fifty meters, and the hill was surrounded by water!

"We've already entered the desert mountain range, everyone be careful and don't get distracted." Xiao Yan's eyes kept scanning the surroundings, and then he said.

When Mu Yingying heard the words, she turned her head and said to Xiao Yan, "The air here is really fresh, but why do I feel a strange feeling... I always feel that something is wrong."

After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she slightly raised her jade-white forehead, revealing a smooth neck.

When Mu Yingying saw the top of the mountain, her eyelids suddenly jumped violently, as if she had encountered something terrifying!

The next moment, the blue flames in Mu Yingying's body instantly appeared, and then surrounded her body, a coercion of automatic master suddenly radiated from Mu Yingying's body.

"What's going on?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan immediately became vigilant, and an uneasy feeling spread throughout his heart!

Immediately, Xiao Yan turned around suddenly, but saw that the lake water surrounding the hilltop trembled strangely!

Although the shaking was extremely small, it still couldn't escape Xiao Yan's perception!

"Xiaoyi, Ludi, Mufeng, get out of here!"

"Leave this hill surrounded by water!" Xiao Yan seemed to realize something and suddenly drank it.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yi did not hesitate when she heard the words. Regarding Xiao Yan, Xiao Yi chose to believe it unconditionally. Although she was puzzled, her figure moved instantly!

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, following Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying's five people's lift-off, the hill under the feet of the five people suddenly trembled strangely, and then the forest trees suddenly rose a distance of tens of meters!

It's just that everyone was suspended in the air, and before they had time to be surprised, they looked down the tree, and a four-limbed creature suddenly appeared without knowing what it was!

On the backs of the four-limbed creatures, the forest trees collapsed instantly!

There were also violent ripples on the surface of the water surrounding the hill!

"Roar!" An angry roar echoed in the bottom layer of this desert mountain range!

"Its fur is like jade, it is transparent and white, it is huge, and it looks like it should be a monster..." Xiao Yi said with sharp eyes.

"A monster..."

"I didn't expect to encounter such a terrifying beast just after entering this desert mountain range." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his eyes suddenly became hot!

Because Xiao Yan felt a cold aura from this monster!

Ask for tickets!