Chapter Vol 4 1482: Thunder Lord's old department!

"Hey!" A thunderous roar resounded through the entire space in an instant.

"There is no way out..." Even though Xiao Yan's soul power is extremely strong, he has been vigilant for a long time, but he is still blocked by the mysterious power in this space.

"This space is too special, I'm afraid that even the strength of you and me can't be cracked."

"And that stone statue is gone..." Xiao Yan firmly guarded Duo Qifei behind him, as if his brother was protecting his younger sister, his eyes were vigilant.

This space is incomparably huge and boundless, but only the peculiar shape of the Pill Hall is nothing else, so that no matter how vigilant Xiao Yan is, he can't find the secret.

After a while, the reincarnation rune between Duan Qifei's eyebrows slowly wriggled, exuding some shocking power, but Duan Qifei was vaguely able to see Xiao Yan protecting her. .

"Don't panic, I'm afraid this guy has an old relationship with the Thunder Lord." Suddenly, the Lord of Soul Eater said.

"This guy's strength is probably more difficult than the fascinated old ghost." Xiao Yan muttered while watching Duo Qifei's situation vigilantly, while the dazzling soul power emerged.

"After all, the Thunder Lord is the most powerful person in the world. Although the overall strength is not comparable to your Xiao family, there are many subordinates who support her."

"And the guy in front of you is probably the old group who follow the lead of thunder." The Soul Eater said thoughtfully.

"My king... is it really you?" The next moment, behind Xiao Yan, an irresistible silver thunder force suddenly emerged, accompanied by bursts of fierce wind, the dazzling thunder force easily bound Xiao Yan When he got up, a handsome man in white clothes fluttering, with a respectful look in his eyes, said to Du Qifei.

"There is no thunder master here, only Du Qifei." Seeing this, Xiao Yan frowned, dazzling khaki flames emerged, constantly resisting the dazzling thunder around him, but even so, for a while, he was against the power of these thunders. It is also useless. Obviously, the difference in strength between the two is too huge.

"Huoxin Tianyan ranked thirty-fifth on the Holy Flame List?"

"The power is indeed extraordinary, but in your hands, it's useless. It's better to release it and let me control it, and I can also do a small part for the great world." The mysterious man glanced at Xiao Yan lightly, his eyes narrowed. The expression of surprise and disdain in Zhong continued to change.

"You dare!" Xiao Yan heard the words, hurriedly startled, the dazzling fighting qi and the power of holy flame emerged at the same time, resisting this guy's invasion.

"You dare!" In an instant, Duan Qifei forcibly endured the slight pain from the reincarnation rune, and said coquettishly.

"My king's power is still so tyrannical..." The mysterious man was drunk by Du Qifei, and immediately stopped attacking Xiao Yan.

"Uh uh..." And Duo Qifei in front of the mysterious man, the reincarnation rune at the center of his eyebrows trembled, a trace of gray thunder, like a tide, suddenly burst into the body, and the breath in his body also skyrocketed. , but his face was quite painful.

"asshole!"

"What are you doing!" And realizing that the mysterious man gave up fighting against him, and instead directly urged the handprints to change into some rather obscure and complicated ancient palmprints, the vagueness was actually speeding up the fusion of his reincarnation power, Xiao Yan couldn't help shouting. .

"The enemy of the alien race is in front, and my king must wake up as soon as possible, otherwise once the identity of reincarnation is detected by the alien race, they will inevitably send strong people to besiege them. It is indispensable." After the mysterious man finished speaking, the dazzling power of thunder around his body was injected into his reincarnation rune, and the speed of fusion suddenly accelerated.

"But you'll kill her like that!"

"She's just a little girl, have you asked her if she is willing?" The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils turned red, and he almost roared out with a roar.

"There is nothing willing or unwilling. Since reincarnation was planted on her, her life does not belong to her. For the sake of the war between heaven and earth, for the peace of the world, this time, I will wrong her." A trace of grievance emerged from the mysterious man's mouth. Feeling melancholy, and then continue to urge handprints.

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan was bound in the air by the power of countless thunders, unable to move at all, but there was a burst of anger in his pupils.

Duo Qifei knew that she was a reincarnator, but she had promised Du Tianhong that she would try her best to protect her until the reincarnation was completely successful. Even if she eventually became the much-anticipated Thunder Lord, Xiao Yan could still laugh about it, reincarnation. The predecessor has quite a fond memory.

Furthermore, the gentleman's words, the horse is difficult to chase, is there any violation of the meaning.

"Stop it for me!" In an instant, Xiao Yan's voice containing dazzling fighting spirit and huge soul power resounded throughout the space.

"You have a good talent, but you can't interfere in the affairs of the reincarnator."

"And if you don't have a good relationship with the reincarnator of my king, if I touch you, I will make my king angry. I'm afraid that holy flame will not be in your hands... After all, your strength is too weak."

"So let me be this sinner." After the mysterious man finished speaking, he was also using the power of thunder to speed up the fusion.

"I tell you to stop!!" A **** roar like a soul beast almost roared out from Xiao Yan's throat, and immediately within Xiao Yan's body, a khaki flame and the power of ghost face soul flame burst out together.

"Two...two kinds of holy flames?"

"How is that possible?" At this time, the mysterious man's face finally showed a hint of shock, and the movements on his palms stopped abruptly.

The holy flame is a treasure-like existence in the Great Thousand World, and ordinary people can fly high by owning only one flower. As for those who have two holy flames, I am afraid that in the Great Thousand World, it is also one-handed. , but these powerhouses are all the real supreme ones in the world.

"Stop me!"

"Otherwise, if you try to detonate the fall of the two holy flames, I will stop you." Xiao Yan said very calmly, word by word.

"Is this person worth it to you?"

"And even if I don't do it, if she succeeds in reincarnation in the future, I'm afraid she won't remember you...why do you do this?" The mysterious man slowly stopped the movement in his hand and shook his head.

"No matter who she becomes in the future, at least I promised his father to protect her." With the emergence of Shuangyan, the seemingly indestructible power of thunder collapsed in an instant, and Xiao Yan also walked towards Du Qifei step by step. , said slowly.

"Hey..." The mysterious man shook his head when he heard the words.

"Senior is very strong, but don't think that this junior is afraid." Looking at the mysterious man who hesitated, two prismatic Saint Flame Crystals appeared in Xiao Yan's palm. With such a lineup, even this mysterious man was a dignified five-star fighting immortal. Strength, I am afraid that it will be seriously injured in an instant.

"Today, I was reckless, but my king's reincarnation must be successful."

"Because you are such a protector of the master, when I finish other things, I will naturally come back to receive my king."

"During this time, you can protect my king." After a while, the mysterious man turned into a thunder, like lightning, and flew out of the ruins of the Heavenly King's possession, leaving only Xiao Yan and Du Qifei Er. people,

"Is it one of the three generals under Lord Lei?"

"It seems that this little guy has a long way to go." Watching the mysterious man leave, the Soul Eater also laughed.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: