Chapter 60: Mysterious stunning beauty!

"Bang bang bang!"

As a white robe grabbed the void in front of him, a girl appeared in the hidden void.

"Senior really has good eyesight."

The void in front of the white clothes suddenly shattered, revealing a girl with a hat.

In Xiao Yan's mind, there was a brief drowsiness when the silver bell sounded. It must be known that Xiao Yan has the soul of the emperor, and the only thing that can make Xiao Yan have such a situation is the absolute suppression of his strength. !

But then Xiao Yan came back to his senses. Since this guy in white didn't attack him, it's not a bad thing to think about, let's take a step by step.

Xiao Yan had a plan in his heart, and there was a flash of astonishment in his eyes, he hurriedly raised his head, and then saw a blue-red light in front of him shattered from the front of the white clothes, and the shattered void finally turned into a blue-red lotus seat.

On the green lotus, there is a graceful curve, the forehead is covered with a bamboo hat, and although there is a tulle covering the cheeks, the pair of crystal-like eyes makes the whole world in this hall, momentarily dim...

The woman was dressed in a light-colored Confucian skirt, her eyebrows were like green feathers, her muscles were like white snow, her waist was like a bunch of plain fabrics, and her cheeks covered under the tulle were clear and full of hope, exuding a holy power all over her body, which made people feel a little bit. The elegant atmosphere, as if the world was overshadowed by it.

Such a woman, such a beautiful temperament, and such strength, is indeed rare in the world.

The entire hall, which was slightly noisy, also became silent at this moment. Although the woman's cheeks were covered by a tulle hat, the looming outline from the gap of the hat revealed an almost perfect cheek arc. The thread, so that everyone present could not wait to tear open the tulle under the bamboo hat, and see the stunning appearance that was enough to make Baihua feel sad.

"What a beautiful woman!"

Xiao Yan's eyes stared at the woman in the Confucian skirt with bare jade feet and stepping on Qinglian, but she couldn't help but take a deep breath. Among the women she had ever seen, Cailin was the most beautiful woman she had ever seen. It has a style, but in front of the mysterious woman in front of her, she is still slightly inferior.

However, although this woman's voice was soft and melodious, Xiao Yan never saw the slightest softness in those crystal-clear eyes. Instead, it was a profound indifference that rejected others.

Thinking about it, this woman is obviously the kind of person who is hot on the outside and cold on the inside! It is like a gorgeous flower that has never bloomed in a land of ice and snow for thousands of years!

This kind of woman is even more difficult to deal with than a woman with a frosty appearance. Not to mention strength and appearance.

"Who is this woman?" Xiao Yan tilted his head, looked at Yueru under the stone steps, and said softly.

Yueru frowned slightly, and there was some doubt in her eyes. Even with her appearance and temperament, she couldn't help but feel a trace of jealousy in her heart.

"It seems that this woman's background is not small. As for what her background is, it is not my identity that I can know." Bai Shan, who was on the side, interjected at this time.

"Being able to use the void to hide under the eyes of a person in white clothes, this woman will definitely not be an ordinary person." Xiao Yan nodded slightly and muttered in his heart.

"The little girl's name is Su Xueying, and she came here this time only to use the blood of the emperor."

The stunning woman fell from mid-air, her jade feet slowly standing on the lotus platform, like a woman who was out of this world.

"I didn't expect your people from Tianyuan Continent to be interested in my Xuanling Continent." Wu Huan looked at the mysterious woman, with some undisguised fiery, such a beautiful woman, as long as she was a man, she would be tempted , but he didn't want to hide it.

"It's just a coincidence."

Then Su Xueying said with a smile, then her eyes turned to white clothes, and she said softly, "Since the senior has guarded it for thousands of years, it should be handed over to us. Let's go out and take a good look at this great world."

"I've been guarding the hall for thousands of years, isn't that what you said."

"But what you said is true. If the people present don't have the power of flame to protect their bodies, they should leave as soon as possible." A white robe also laughed.

Wu Huan, the living dead and Feng Yi, the proud son of the heavens, heard the news, and then looked at Xiao Yan in front of the white clothes, obviously that kid Xiao Yan has an extremely powerful flame power!

"Damn!"

"Did we just give up when we got here?"

There were inevitably some people present who were unwilling to say.

Entering this ferocious and dangerous ruins, originally was walking on the tip of a knife, but all of them were in the main hall, only a few steps away from the most precious thing. At this time, obviously no one would do it.

There were several strong men in the hall who were obviously unwilling to leave like this, so they flew towards the skeleton behind the white coat, trying to get that little treasure.

"Bang bang bang!"

Before the few people flew past the stone steps, they turned into blood mist under the terrifying strength of the white clothes, and even their souls did not have time to run away!

Dressed in white clothes, his body was covered with fighting qi, and his terrifying strength instantly spread in the hall.

Five-star fighting emperor?

The people present couldn't help but be surprised, and this man dressed in white is definitely more than a five-star fighting emperor!

The difference between the three-star Doudi and the four-star Doudi is not even a little bit. Even if it is a battle between the Heaven's Chosen of the Seven Great Cities and the four-star Doudi, there is no chance of winning.

After a short thought, life still overcomes greed. After all, if you enjoy a good treasure without your life, it will only be cheap for others. Moreover, there are also some heavenly materials and earthly treasures in this ruins, and the Seven Great Heaven's Favorites also obtained an Immortal Rank Fighting Skill, which is not a small gain.

Although he was helpless, he had to leave the hall.

"go!"

"Yueru, be careful afterwards, wait for me to come back!"

Xiao Yan also saw that the six injured guardians and the white-clothed woman in the hall were still stunning.

"Can you say it now?"

"Why do you want to suppress your own strength to enter this ruin?" Dressed in white, he saw everyone in the hall leave, and then asked the woman on the Qinglian stage.

"because this."

The Qinglian woman raised her jade hand slightly, and a simple token appeared in her hand, and then flew towards the white clothes.

At the moment when the simple token appeared, the pupils of the six guardians under the stone steps shrank tightly.

Dressed in white, he slowly caught the token that flew over from the Qinglian woman, and a scorching energy came from his hand, and then he slowly spread the token in his hand.

"fire!"

There is only one big word on the token.

Then, dressed in white, he slowly closed his eyes.

"She... is she okay?"

"She has been waiting for someone."

Immediately after wearing white clothes, he also opened his eyes, obviously looking inconceivable.

"Really!"

"Whether it's true or not, can you find out if senior goes to see it?" The woman also said calmly.

​​