Chapter Vol 4 1438: Crossing the Immortal Tribulation, the initial stage of 3-star Dou Immortal!

"This is... the Holy Spring of the Earth?" Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing while looking at the blue liquid in the circular pit about one meter in the center of the formation.

"This is the Holy Spring of the Earth."

"It is said that the formation of the holy spring of the earth is extremely special, it is born from the energy of heaven and earth, and it can help people break through the current bottleneck. It was because I discovered this holy spring river of the earth in the Tianming Mountains that I occupied this place. Own." The Earth Demon Bear man said happily.

"One?"

"This guy... is simply a waste of heaven." Xiao Yan heard the words, his head was full of black lines, obviously if he owned a holy spring river of the earth, let alone a mere four-star fighting immortal, I am afraid that the five-star fighting immortal would already be stronger.

"With the passage of time, the Earth's Holy Spring River has withered, leaving only the last trace."

"Don't underestimate this small pool of liquid, I can guarantee that this is definitely the purest among the holy springs of the earth... If I hadn't swallowed too many holy springs of the earth, I would have produced antibodies in my body..." Dadi The Demon Bear kept muttering.

"I'm going to trouble the seniors to protect the Dharma for us, we are going to absorb the earth's holy spring here." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and then said to the earth demon bear man.

"Don't worry, my Earth Demon Bear is not the kind of ungrateful villain. Since you have helped me so much, leave the rest to me." After that, the Earth Demon Bear swept away and disappeared in an instant. here.

"Boom!" In an instant, the Earth Demon Bear left the cave and came to the top of the cave. The bear's paw suddenly took a step towards the ground, and a roar resounded through the sky. Accompanied by a deafening sound, there was even a trace of thick and strange mist. Emerging from the mouth of the Earth Demon Bear, it was obvious that the strange mist that Xiao Yan and the others encountered before came from the Earth Demon Bear's hands.

"One person and a half." As the Earth Demon Bear left, Xiao Yan licked his tongue and stared at the Earth Holy Spring fiery.

"Brother Xiao Yan, you deserve this thing. I didn't help you much along the way, so I deserve it." Although Mu Ge urgently needed this thing, he still refused. Pastoral still knows.

"Don't worry, if you don't take away so many holy springs from the earth, the earth demon bear will be cheaper... and I can't absorb so much." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

This pastoral is naturally a person to befriend, so Xiao Yan is also willing to help, or to get help for his future Xiao clan affairs.

"Since that's the case... then I'll be more respectful than obedient." Seeing this, Mu Ge did not refuse again and again.

"I'll take one-third, enough for me to break through. I'll leave the rest to you. After all, a two-star breakthrough to a three-star Dou Xian requires a huge amount of energy." Mu Ge gently took one-third of the holy spring of the earth, Then he moved aside to make room for Xiao Yan, so he also began to absorb.

"It's time for me to start too." Xiao Yan glanced at the soul clone above which was quietly absorbing the energy of the beast robbery, and smiled slowly. He could sense that the soul clone at this time had undergone a mysterious transformation!

Once the soul clone completely absorbs the energy of the beast robbery, I am afraid it will undergo a transformation!

"Crash!" Xiao Yan squirmed gently, and immediately involved the remaining holy spring of the earth into his holy flame space.

"It's really a rare treasure." The palm of his hand was gently stretched into the blue liquid, and a chill that pierced his heart suddenly emerged. Even under this chill, Xiao Yan's palm was actually covered with many Powerful energy!

"Let's start!" He called out softly without wasting too much time. After all, the time flow in the holy flame space is slow, and the two-star Dou Xian successfully broke through the three-star Dou Xian. Of course, it would lead to Dou Xian tribulation, so Xiao Yan did not hesitate.

"Feng Jue!" In an instant, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and then the Fen Jue deep inside his body spun at a high speed, a trace of vindictiveness after being tempered by Fen Jue, suddenly enveloped the blue liquid.

"There seems to be something wrong with this Fen Jue..." Xiao Yan also shook his head slowly. Obviously, since he just came to Dou Di Da Road and learned the complete Fen Jue, Emperor Tuo She still left behind the Emperor Yan Ring, which is said to have residues in it. The residual will of the ancient emperor Tuoshe will help Xiao Yan as his strength increases, but to this day, the Emperor Yan Jie has not responded, which makes Xiao Yan quite concerned about the ancient emperor Tuo She and the Emperor Yan Jie. feel strange.

"Forget it, when the ghost world is over, I'll take a good look at it." He shook his head slowly, and then concentrated on controlling the holy spring of the earth.

In the holy spring of the earth, there is a huge amount of energy, and that energy is extremely violent, resisting like a beast, so Xiao Yan just made a move, and suddenly on the blue liquid, circles of blue energy ripples erupted abruptly. Come out to resist Xiao Yan's Dou Qi package.

"I still don't believe that I can't cure you!" Xiao Yan was also surprised.

"Great Heavenly Seed!" With a roar, fiery red crimson flames emerged, pouring into Dou Qi, and then the dazzling blue liquid of the holy spring of the earth gave rise to some fear.

"Holy Flame!" Xiao Yan didn't want to waste time. The power of the Great Heaven Seed and the Holy Flame were squirming at the same time, and the Earth's Holy Flame collapsed in an instant.

"Practice for me!" With a soft call, the fire-yellow flames containing the Great Heaven Seed and Holy Flame suddenly burned the Earth's Holy Spring.

"Weng Om!" With such refining, it was a month later, and in an instant, the holy spring of the earth was finally refined.

"Boom!" At the same time, after the earth's holy spring was refined, Xiao Yan swallowed the source of the dazzling earth's holy spring into his stomach, and in the holy flame space, a trace of shocking power of thunder, It also appeared suddenly.

The Immortal Fighting Tribulation of the Samsung Fighting Immortals!

"Douxian robbery..." Xiao Yan smiled slowly when he saw this. He could perceive that his strength had already broken through the two-star consummation, but only after taking over the Douxian tribulation would he truly set foot in the three-star Douxian. , otherwise the end is similar to that of the Earth Demon Bear.

"Zizi!" Lightning flashes and thunders above the holy flame space, like a night of heavy rain, which is terrifying.

However, Xiao Yan smiled slowly at this and then raised his palm slowly, the first transformation of the Dragon God came in an instant, and his body strength was even higher!

"Buzz!" Feeling Xiao Yan's fearless and tyrannical attitude, the thunder suddenly condensed, and then turned into a small silver sword about an inch, with overwhelming power, attacking Xiao Yan.

"Three fingers in the sky...Breaking mountains and rivers!" A voice resembling a Sanskrit sound rang out slowly, and a golden ray of light containing the breath of the dragon emerged from Xiao Yan's fingertips. In an instant, countless fighting qi gathered and formed, and one finger pierced out like a hole in it. The dawn that penetrated the sky and the earth suddenly hit the silver sword.

"Boom!" In an instant, the two attacks disappeared out of thin air, apparently evenly matched.

However, with the disappearance of the silver sword, the immortal battle of the three-star battle immediately disappeared, and the aura in Xiao Yan's body suddenly became tyrannical.

It looks like this, it is the early stage of Samsung Fighting Immortals!

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!