Chapter 330: repel!

"That yellow bead..." Just when Xiao Yan was surprised, a slightly surprised voice came from his body.

"Master, what is the strange power in this yellow bead..." Xiao Yan also asked, obviously at that moment, when Xiao Yan used his huge soul power to detect the yellow bead, a terrifying The fluctuations are also instantly repulsed.

Moreover, Xiao Yan had never felt this kind of power.

If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's strong physique, he would have ended up in a rather miserable end.

Under Xiao Yan's perception, the power in the Xuanling King's yellow beads seemed to contain a trace of the power of life and death...

However, Xiao Yan had no doubt that if the yellow beads were picked up by himself...

Undoubtedly, there is only one fate, fall!

"It seems that the terrifying strength of this Xuanling King has also reached the sixth rank of the Nine Star Doudi..." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly, obviously thinking about something.

"Is the Nine Star Dou Emperor above rank six..." Xiao Yan also muttered in his heart.

"What about the power of life and death..." The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils also became hot, because from the perception just now, the reason why the yellow beads had such a terrifying power must be because of the strange life and death force.

"Haha, this power of life and death is a good thing."

"Because the sign of a strong fighting immortal is the power of life and death within the body of fighting qi."

"And this power of life and death can only be condensed by stepping into the Nine Star Dou Emperor and entering the Nine Revolutions."

"When the power of life and death in the body condenses to a certain level, it will also be promoted to Dou Xian..."

"Dou Xian, Dou Shen, is to cultivate to the realm of detachment from life and death." The voice of the Golden Dragon King also appeared slowly.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan frowned, as if he was thinking about something.

The next moment, in the depths of Xiao Yan's soul realm, a dark brown soul light group also vibrated slowly, and then fell silent again.

"What is this..." Xiao Yan also muttered, and it was obvious that the one who had just made a noise was the Holy Flame Soul Seed obtained in the Yin Corpse Forest earlier!

"This King Xuanling seems to have the fluctuation of holy flame..." The King of the Dragon also said slowly the next moment.

"Holy Flame..."

"Is it really in the Xuanling Royal House..." Xiao Yan heard the words and also discovered the extremely weak flame fluctuations before the Xuanling King clone.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Based on Xiao Yan's experience, although this King Xuanling possesses some power of the Holy Flame, it does not mean that he devoured the Holy Flame.

"Although this is a clone, in my opinion, the price of this clone is quite high, and it can also exert nearly 80% of King Xuanling's power."

"It seems that this trip to the Xuanling royal family seems to have become more interesting." The Golden Dragon King also smiled slowly, and then the next moment, an invisible force also slowly passed into the strange fire and the ancient ruler behind Xiao Yan. On top of that, Long Yi accepted this power, and also found that his power that had been stagnant because of being sealed for a long time was slowly recovering.

"It seems that the Xuanling Royal Family is really worth a visit." Xiao Yan also smiled slowly, then looked at the battle in the sky.

A contest between two powerhouses at the peak of Dou Di.

"Humph."

"It's just a little trick of carving insects."

"If it's your main body here, it's worth fighting."

"But your avatar's strength is too weak."

"In that case, the five of you should stay in my Burning Incense Pavilion today." Elder Zhu also discovered the yellow bead in King Xuanling's avatar, and then said plainly, with the extremely proud tone in his voice, Can't hide it at all.

"Then let's try it." King Xuanling also snorted coldly, and then slowly opened his mouth, the yellow bead in his hand was also slowly lifted, and then walked towards the space where Elder Zhu was.

"Shabu Shabu!" Everywhere the yellow beads passed along the way, there was a shrill sound invariably in the space, and an extremely strange black and white light group slowly wrapped around the yellow beads, and then walked away towards Zhu Lao.

"King Xuanling, the grievances between you and I will be settled with you sooner or later." Elder Zhu also said slowly, and the next moment, the silver fighting spirit all over his body slowly condensed in front of Elder Zhu.

"Lei Yinhu!"

The next moment, a powerful force condensed by Old Zhu's silver fighting spirit also slowly formed.

Xiao Yan saw that, in front of Elder Zhu, a thunder fox also formed in front of Elder Zhu, and then with monstrous destructive power, attacked viciously with King Xuanling's yellow bead!

"Bang bang bang!"

There was only a slight noise from the collisions one after another, and Xiao Yan and the others also saw that the yellow bead was actually attacked by Lao Zhu and the silver thunder fox!

It was cut in half abruptly!

"Boom boom boom!" After the terrifying yellow bead was chopped in half by Zhu Lao's silver thunder fox, it also exploded instantly, and the terrifying power erupted violently outside the Burning Heaven Territory.

On the other hand, the silver thunder fox attacked the clone of King Xuanling reluctantly!

As if resisting the yellow bead just didn't use much power.

"Hehe, I didn't think that even if you didn't rely on your status as a battle formation master, your strength would be enough to overwhelm me." King Xuanling's clone also smiled slowly, and then he raised his head quite a bit when he saw that the terrifying Leihu was about to attack him. As a noble palm, he gently waved at the five people behind him, and the five people disappeared instantly.

"Haha, Zhu Jin, don't be too complacent too early."

"Some things, I will really get them sooner or later." After King Xuanling's clone finished speaking, it also turned into a cloud of smoke and disappeared without a trace.

"What the **** is this King Xuanling doing..." Old Zhu also muttered. The next moment, Old Zhu's eyelids shook violently, and then his eyes narrowed, "Impossible!"

"That kind of thing is absolutely impossible!"

When Xiao Yan saw this, he was also a little puzzled. He didn't know which old Zhu Lao played.

"Elder Zhu, are you alright?" The next moment Xiao Yan rushed to the sky where Elder Zhu was, and said to Elder Zhu.

"I'm fine."

"Everyone is here, right?" Elder Zhu also pondered for a while, then glanced at Mu Feng and Mu Yingying behind Xiao Yan, and said.

"It's all here." The three said in unison.

"Let's go now." Zhu Lao also said slowly, and then the next moment, Zhu Lao raised his somewhat depleted palm and waved slowly towards the space where the two of them were just now, and suddenly an inexplicable force appeared. Then repaired some broken spaces outside the Burning Heaven Territory.

As for the power that erupted from the yellow beads, when King Xuanling's clone dissipated, it also dissipated naturally.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan and the others knew the purpose of their trip after hearing this.

That is the Xuanling Imperial Pond in the Xuanling Imperial Family.

This time, the three of them, Zhu Lao led the team. With the testimony of Zhu Lao, the big Buddha, the three of them are also full of confidence. After all, they just know that the relationship between the Burning Incense Pavilion and the Xuanling Royal Family does not seem to be very good, but now that Zhu Lao is in charge, Then even King Xuanling would not dare to be presumptuous!

After all, this old Zhu was the one who repelled King Xuanling just now. Although it was only a clone, it was a real repelling.

Ask for tickets!

Ask for tickets!

After reading the book, vote!

If you don't vote after reading it, be careful I draw a circle and curse you!