Chapter Vol 4 1770: Unexpected battle!

"Susu... It's no wonder that the Twelve Soul Venerable and the Five Soul Guards, as well as many strong men in the hall, are jointly guarded."

"With such strength and courage, I, Soul Wind, would like to show you what the great means of guarding the Soul Palace is!" Seeing Xiao Yan's arrogant posture, the Soul Palace powerhouse suddenly laughed.

"If you have any last words and means, just show it, otherwise, under the fire of holy flame, your dirty souls will only be turned to ashes." Xiao Yan stood in the pink lovesickness flame field, amber-colored. The flames completely shrouded his body, and he looked at Soul Wind Dao vigilantly.

At this time, the strange black mist that appeared around Soul Wind, combined with the power of the six-star Dou Xian perfection level, was like a ghost, exuding endless eerie and eerie aura.

"Immortal Fire Feather!" Without any hesitation, Xiao Yan's body moved abruptly, and a trace of gray feathers was like a sword blade, blasting him away at a rapid speed.

"Soul fiendish thorn!" Seeing Xiao Yan's domineering attack, Soul Wind raised his palm slightly, and countless black mists were easily condensed into a pitch-black stick. Countless dark lines appeared on the stick, as if it had been engraved. It's like a magic weapon with an evil aura.

With a sound, Soul Feng waved the black stick in his hand, and energy ripples spread out like spring water. In the blink of an eye, Xiao Yan's attack was completely annihilated.

"Amber Rock Soul Fire!" Xiao Yan didn't even think that with the power of the fighting soul, he could stop the soul wind. After a while, the amber flame burst out with an extremely hot and sacred wave, and under Xiao Yan's control, it directly turned into a head. The ferocious giant beast, staring at the soul wind with ferocious eyes, such a terrifying and tyrannical amber rock soul fire transformed into a giant beast, is enough to easily tear any six-star fighting immortal.

"Give me a stab!" Looking at the ferocious beast transformed by the fire of the holy flame, Soul Wind's soul body became illusory, and a wave of depression filled his heart.

After all, the fire of the holy flame is inherently sacred, and it naturally has an extremely tyrannical suppression for such a sinister power as the soul body.

"Boom!" As the voice of the soul wind just fell, a dazzling black light erupted from the black stick in his hand, and the countless pitch-black lines slowly swayed like worms, and then it turned into a black light with a size of hundreds of feet. , roaring away at the ferocious beast.

"Ow!" Seeing this, the ferocious beast suddenly raised its head, and immediately let out a low roar, its voice filled with endless anger.

"Give it to me!" Xiao Yan said coldly, at the same time, the soul power in the body was being mobilized.

At this moment, if the Buddha's Wrath Reincarnation is used, it will be enough to kill the soul wind, but unfortunately, the means of suppressing the bottom of the box cannot be exposed too much, so Xiao Yan wants to use the soul attack fighting skills and other means to completely kill it, because Xiao Yan perceives that . The soul power of this soul wind has just entered the early stage of Taixu, and compared with himself, there is undoubtedly a lot of gap.

"Hey!" The mysterious black light and the ferocious beast just collided, and the black light was immediately melted by the amber flame on the ferocious beast. I am afraid that it will not take a few breaths, and the black light will completely disintegrate.

"It seems that I can only use that thing..." Looking at this scene, Soul Feng shook his head weakly. Obviously, he did not expect that the power of the holy flame on Xiao Yan would be so tyrannical. Less than the fifteenth ranked Shengyan.

"Crack!" With a sound, the black light shattered, the amber flame on the ferocious beast's body was soaring, its body twisted, and it fluttered directly at the soul wind.

"Pfft!"

"Sacrificing the soul lock!" Looking at the aggressive and ferocious beast, Soul Wind let out a low roar, and immediately a mouthful of blood spurted out from the corner of his mouth.

It is strange to say that there is no human body, but only the soul wind in the state of the soul. The color of the blood is actually a strange color. Even when the blood is spewing out, the entire field is filled with a rather strange feeling. strength.

"Heavenly Soul Chain, ten thousand people serve!" In an instant, blood spurted out in a dark color, and a pitch-black chain with a size of a hundred meters suddenly appeared in Xiao Yan's domain.

"Is the soul lock of life..." Xiao Yan raised his head slightly, and suddenly muttered.

"You Mingtian!" Seeing the pitch-black chains that were as powerful as bamboos, attacking him with an irresistible erosive force, Xiao Yan let out a low roar, and the majestic soul force like the ocean swept out. , a very strange sound of birdsong, filled the entire Acacia Flame Domain!

"Bang bang bang!" The harsh sound of metal collision reverberated directly in the field, but the soul wind was still attacked by Xiao Yan's sudden soul attack.

After a fight, the two were evenly matched, and they immediately retracted their respective attacks and stood silently aside, but Soul Wind knew vaguely that they would be unable to capture Xiao Yan today.

"Damn it... this guy's combat power is too terrifying." Seeing that Xiao Yan still had no intention of attacking, as if some terrifying offensive was still brewing, Soul Feng's face finally turned ugly.

The attack method of the Soul Palace was originally designed to deal with the soul body. If it directly attacked humans, its combat power would undoubtedly drop a lot, not to mention Xiao Yan, who had the flame of holy flame, his own strength was even greater. Decrease in magnitude.

"Accept the sanctions!"

"Eye of Gaze!" After Shun breathed, Xiao Yan's pupils turned into a deep color, and a more dazzling soul force roared directly at the soul wind.

"Soul power in the late stage of Taixu? How is it possible..."

"Not good!" Aware of this level of soul power, Soul Feng's pupils finally flashed a trace of fear, his body trembled, trying to escape from here.

"Amber behemoth, explode!" Xiao Yan muttered as he watched Soul Wind prepare to escape. Suddenly, the ferocious beast exploded completely, and the power of amber holy flames blocked the water surrounding the Acacia Flame Domain~www .mtlnovel.com~ natal soul lock, give me the lock! "Seeing Xiao Yan so arrogant as a king, Soul Wind clearly realized that if he was hit by Xiao Yan's soul attack, plus the holy flame in his hands, it would be enough to truly obliterate himself.

"Uuuuu!" The dark wind and black mist continued to emerge from Soul Wind's body, and immediately roared towards Xiao Yan overwhelmingly, but unfortunately, Soul Wind's soul power has only just entered the early stage of Taixu, and it is far behind Xiao Yan. There are too many, so there is no suspense in this battle.

"Boom!" The soul attack and the Amber Rock Soul Fire attacked together, and suddenly the once invincible soul wind was slowly destroyed, submerged under this destructive offensive.

"..." After a few minutes, calm was restored here.

"Guru." Lin Qingwen swallowed hard, looking at Xiao Yan as if he were looking at a monster.

"It's a pity, I didn't control the Amber Rock Soul Fire and Soul Interference Fighting Skills, and it was destroyed directly. I wanted to find out some information..." Looking at Soul Wind, which was directly beaten by his own attack, Xiao Xiao Yan shook his head.

"Let's go, go directly to the Tianxing Continent." After doing all this, Xiao Yan didn't stay too long, and stepped directly into the space passage, heading towards the Tianxing Continent.

However, this time, the Star Continent was a mixed bag. Not only did the three major factions compete, but also the Soul Palace, the Holy See and many other forces were introduced, which was quite complicated.