Chapter Vol 4 2133: Mu Feng arrives, the sixth evil soldier, yin and yang...

"Ahhhh!!"

"You are courting death!"

Kelly, who had won the ticket, saw that the skin on her arm was actually ripped apart by the power of the clan mark, and a trace of bright red blood dripped down, and the anger in her voice was particularly clear and harsh in this world!

On his cheeks, a rare, fierce and vicious color emerged, and a burning burning sensation came from the skin above his arms. Looking at the calm and calm people below, an extremely terrifying anger, swept out.

"What a horrible guy."

After a while, Xiao Gui also joined the battle together. The four of them surrounded Kelly, giving Cailin Mu Yingying a momentary respite.

The repression of the angel's prestige was too strong, if it weren't for the appearance of Xiao Zifan and the two of them, I'm afraid their situation would be even more embarrassing!

"Holy flame, the power of clan lines, seems to be of little use to this guy."

Seeing such anger, a trace of divine aura emerged from his delicate body, Xiao Zifan frowned, hesitatingly said, with his current strength of the Eight Star Fighting Immortal, it is not difficult to see that Kelly in a state of rage has turned into anger and is ready to use it. More terrifying attack!

"Angel Wings!"

"Destroy the world!"

As tyrannical as her reincarnation angel, she was actually injured by a powerhouse with the strength of an eight-star fighting immortal, and a fierce murderous aura and a sacred halo swept out uncontrollably.

"Sure enough, it's an angel of the Holy See."

At this moment, Xiao Zifan's eyes became deep, and the black clan lines on the eyebrows became more dazzling, and there was a faintly mysterious fluctuation.

"Father, this guy is too strong."

Luo Menglan's beautiful eyes on the side showed a slight consternation, surrounded by the breath of holy flames, there was still a strong fluctuation suppressing her, the power of the angel's wings was definitely not enough for them to resist.

"That guy should still need a little more time, he has to persevere." Xiao Zifan looked down, and it seemed that he had seen Xiao Yan's figure below through the kilometer of void. The two belonged to the Xiao clan and were naturally connected.

"Everyone, join hands with me!"

"Defend the Endless Fire Territory!"

At this time, Cailin and Mu Yingying moved forward together, standing on the same front as Xiao Zifan and the others.

Because they know that this is the last chance!

"A group of ants, since they are so stubborn, let's fall under the glory of God!"

"The power of angels kills all evil!"

"God shines in the world!"

A high-pitched Sanskrit sound, accompanied by scenes of milky white filaments emerging from the edges of the endless flames, slowly formed an unusually dazzling pentagram at Kelly's feet!

The five-pointed star formation is extremely mysterious, and there is a surge of divine light in it, which is extremely holy!

"A near-forbidden-level attack... She wants to completely destroy this place!"

"Do it, you must not let this attack fall, otherwise the base camp of the Endless Fire Territory will completely collapse, and under this kind of attack, the entire territory of thousands of miles will be turned into dust!"

Kelly's actions made Xiao Zifan look very nervous and couldn't help but say.

As soon as the ghost world parted, a few of them went elsewhere to help Luo Menglan subdue Shengyan. Afterwards, the two of them became successful in their cultivation, and their strength advanced greatly. If you can walk away, how can you think that you will meet such a tricky guy just when you come here!

"Eight-colored swallowing python!"

Cailin let out a coquettish cry, and the endless energy swept out. As an endless fire domain, she had a duty to rush to the forefront.

"Two-color Saint Flame Bead!"

In Mu Yingying's hands, the two holy flames were intertwined and beautiful.

"The power of clan lines!"

Xiao Zifan was also not to be outdone.

"Holy Flame Origin Technique, Cold Mist Flame Realm!"

Luo Menglan even used the fire of her holy flame to vaguely transform into countless white mists, which was extremely eerie.

"..."

One after another tyrannical fighting skill attack swept out without reservation. They had eyes with gods, without the slightest fear or retreat, and they had already tried their best!

This is the Endless Fire Territory, their homeland, and even if they defend the angels of reincarnation with the might of mortals, they are not afraid!

"Boom!"

The deafening sound of explosions emerged, and countless energy beams and attacks burst out from the huge territory of the endless fire domain. At the same time, they killed the invincible angel Kelly above the sky. The momentum was like a forest of hell. .

"Out of control."

"Isn't the messenger of God comparable to a tiny creature like you?"

In the face of such a terrifying energy bombardment, Kelly maintained an elegant attitude from beginning to end. Although this kind of attack was terrifying, in her eyes, it was no different from playing Jiajia.

If Xiao Zifan hadn't angered him so much, how could he have performed such a terrifying attack?

"Wong Buzz!"

The five-pointed star array radiated light, and the pure white and flawless light filaments sprayed out, and fell on the bodies of countless people, giving them an indescribable warmth.

"Crack Kacha!"

One after another cracks appeared in the sky, and each person's body was invariably covered with a ray of light, but only a few people knew that at this moment, their lives were only within Kelly's thoughts.

Because these filaments of light contain boundless monstrous divine power, once Kelly detonates, I am afraid this place will be completely reduced to ruins... Because these filaments of light are creatures of angelic power!

"Die."

Without saying much, Kelly's attack was brewing, her palm was gently raised, and the boundless rainbow of light was like a meteor meteorite tilted down from the sky. , trying to detonate, ready to bloodbath the endless fire domain that has no life here!

"Pfft." A sound.

This piece of heaven and earth suddenly became dark, and the gloomy thunderclouds of lightning and thunder ripped apart the sky, and abnormal shapes emerged.

"Ghost creatures?"

With this sudden scene, the five-pointed star formation under Kelly's feet instantly dimmed, and her eyes exuded a hint of surprise.

Ghost Realm and Dou Di Continent have extremely strong seals, and normal powerhouses cannot cross them, but now the aura emanating from these gloomy thunderclouds is clearly a ghost!

Angel's power comes from light. Without the nourishment of light, Kelly's strength is greatly reduced now!

"The yin and yang formula, all things are born and die!"

"Remnant Seal!"

Just when Kelly hesitated, a deep roar like a bell fell from the sky above the thunderclouds in the sky!

"Boom!"

Kelly looked up, and saw a surging ghostly gas turned into a black mark of a hundred feet. The black mark carried an extremely terrifying wave that suppressed her.

"Angel Wings!"

At this moment, Kelly was not hiding and tucked, and four pure white angel wings solidified in an instant. The angel wings were gently stirred, and it turned out that the gloomy ghost mark was easily disintegrated in an instant!

"Angel Wingskill!"

After cracking the spooky ghost mark, Kelly stepped on the pentagram, and the angel wings behind her pushed her breath to the peak, a touch of contempt appeared on the corner of her mouth, and then the four angel wings squirmed rapidly, and the volume swelled for a while, facing the The gloomy figure above the sky burst out!

Such a fierce attack, if you are hit, I am afraid that you will die in an instant!

"Pimple." A voice.

A rather strange voice spread out, and suddenly the four incomparably bright angel wings suddenly froze when they approached the gloomy figure.

"This is... the sixth evil soldier in the ghost world?"

"Yin-yang order?"

"This is... Mu Feng?"

full book

txt download address:

phone-reading: