Chapter Vol 4 2004: 2 winged angels, 2 souls?

"How... how is that possible?" Watching Liu Hao's increasingly fierce angel wings slowly taking shape, Feng Xiejun's face was indifferent, he could no longer care about attacking, his body stiffly stayed in the air, and the magic sea around him even It was because the bright aura on Liu Hao's body dissipated in an instant, and a rare solemnity emerged in his heart.

However, when Liu Hao's body began to condense, some rare changes slowly occurred. Feng Xiejun didn't know the specific situation, but that kind of change might not be a good omen.

"In my noble identity as the Son of Light, I declare that I will completely judge you Feng Xiejun at this time!"

"Accept the punishment of justice!" Liu Hao suddenly smiled, and his smile was full of fearless pride.

His body slowly lifted into the sky, and the dazzling brilliance instantly formed two angel wings with a size of more than a hundred meters behind him. The layers of pure angel wings are like a sacred shackle, shaking Feng Xiejun's soul, making him invisible.

"Son of Light of the Holy See?" At this moment, Feng Xiejun frowned, and an unprecedented crisis emerged.

Angels are the unique existence of the Holy See, and the number of angel wings is the most important criterion for measuring the strength of angels!

Angel wings, each additional wing, the strength will get a huge increase, but there is a kind of existence beyond the angel.

Child of Light.

The legendary Son of Light has only appeared in the entire Great Thousand World only five times in countless years. Each appearance of the Son of Light indicates that the Great Thousand World is facing an unprecedented disaster, and the power of the Son of Light is beyond the limitless. Part of the angels, because they are genuine messengers of the kingdom of angels, believers of light, every time he appears, he will lead the Holy See to create supreme splendor and drive away countless evils for the great world, which also creates the name of the supreme glory of the Son of Light. .

"Humble moth." With the blessing of angel wings behind him, a layer of milky white halo covered it. The next moment, Liu Hao's breath and figure were like a person. Bingxue, that ice muscle jade bone is not like a man can have at all, but it is quite similar to a woman's figure, and the pink makeup at the corner of the lips, the lips are like cherry blossoms, making countless men crazy. .

But this Liu Hao is clearly a man, how could he turn into a woman?

"What the **** is going on?" Feng Xiejun saw that after using the power of an angel, Liu Hao's masculinity disappeared completely. Instead, a wisp of a woman's light aura descended on Liu Hao. For a time, he was greatly surprised, even with his experience, it was unprecedented.

"Crash!"

"Go!" Liu Hao snorted coldly, his voice was quite pleasant, and the icy and piercing killing intent filled the air. Immediately, he raised his slender jade hand and looked at Feng Xiejun with his beautiful eyes. The countless bright auras around his body directly formed hundreds of paths. The bright feather arrow shot at the latter with a very tricky and sharp angle.

"A woman's skin?"

"soul?"

"Or is it because of the angel's wings?" Seeing this scene, Feng Xiejun's heart suddenly appeared, it seems that since the moment the angel's wings were formed, Liu Hao's body, skin, bones and even soul have changed!

From the beginning, Liu Hao, a man, turned into an icy goddess of light who only knew how to kill. Whether it was her breath or other things, she had undergone earth-shaking changes.

Feng Xiejun always has an intuition in his heart, it seems that there are two souls living in Liu Hao's body!

One is the soul of Liu Hao, a normal human being, and the other is the soul of the Goddess of Slaughter who has turned into a child of light and is blessed by angel wings!

"The Devil's Sea Howling!" Although Feng Xiejun was puzzled, he did not dare to hesitate in the face of Liu Hao's terrifying attack. The dark source of evil all over his body was released and attacked directly with the bright feather arrows all over the sky. Together.

"This Child of Light must be weird!"

"It seems that this matter must be reported to the kings as soon as possible, otherwise..." The second attack broke out with a deafening sound, and Feng Xiejun also felt a fear in his heart, and he immediately wanted to retreat.

"Bang Bang Bang!" In the whole world, countless energies overflowed everywhere. The terrifying confrontation that surpassed the sky and the earth became more and more intense.

"Want to run?"

"Fall down completely." There was a hint of sarcasm in Liu Hao's icy beautiful eyes, and then the wings on his back swayed gently, but on the angel's wings, there was a slight trace of a holy halo, with the blessing at this time , Liu Hao's breath is unmatched!

In an instant, in the domain of Feng Xiejun, the mountains and rivers were turbulent, the wind was raging, and countless voids trembled, as if they were facing the traces of collapse.

"Damn it..." Feeling the breath of purity in front of him, Feng Xiejun's body was suddenly frozen in place, and a horrific aura of death enveloped his body.

too strong.

The power of the Son of Light is too strong!

If it was an ordinary two-winged angel, Feng Xiejun would be enough to kill him completely, but the Son of Light is different from ordinary angels. His holiness has the unique power of the Son of Light. Compared with ordinary two-winged angels, his wings are much more tyrannical.

"Light cut!"

"Die." The wings behind Liu Hao stirred, and after a while, a milky white feather sword slowly condensed between the wings. Above the feather sword, an ancient milky white angel divine shadow trembled slightly, a noble and sacred inviolability. Breath, release.

A smile appeared on Liu Hao's noble and graceful face. He folded his hands together, and directly held the Bright Feather Sword. At that time, the power in his body was perfectly intertwined, and a bright power surpassing Feng Xiejun surged. Immediately after a while , his body leaped into the air, and slashed gently towards the void where Feng Xiejun was.

With just such a random split, the void exploded, and countless evil energies collapsed in an instant, fled everywhere, and the entire field of heaven and earth collapsed in an instant!

"Evil Explosion!" At this moment, countless cold sweats involuntarily emerged from Feng Xiejun's body, he couldn't help roaring, and his whole body turned into countless black blood, which suddenly shrank and exploded like a heart.

This body is a human body The origin of Feng Xiejun is just a mass of evil energy, precisely because he controlled this body to walk freely on the human world, but now facing the threat of death, Without hesitation, directly detonating one's own origin, even if there is no life, it is much better than falling directly under the attack of the Son of Light.

Because the attack of the two-winged Son of Light is already close to the peak of the late Eight-star Dou Xian, and with the addition of Guangming's restraint of evil, Feng Xiejun is unable to resist no matter what.

"Puchi puchi!" The harsh bright storm spread at will, and wherever it went, countless gloomy and evil auras instantly vanished.

"Hmph..." Without giving Feng Xiejun any chance, he wiped it cleanly. Looking at the collapsed world, Liu Hao's breath was returning to normal.

"Xiao Xun'er, your people, your body, and even your Holy Flame of Different Fire are all tailor-made for my Son of Light."

"As long as I get you, all problems will be solved easily... And the slaughtering soul of 'Lucifer' will be completely stabilized because of the existence of the holy flame."

"As long as I completely integrate the soul of slaughter, my strength is close to the level of reincarnation, and I will enjoy the supreme glory when I step into the kingdom of angels. At that time, the entire world will be my sole honor, hahaha!" In the broken domain world, Liu Haona The extremely ferocious laughter, especially loud, lingered for a long time.

​​

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: