Chapter Vol 4 1402: Settle the situation!

"Huhu... it's over." The eight leaders in midair looked at Du Tianhong, who was like a thunder emperor in the sky, and used thunder to completely suppress the invincible Huo Sin Envoy and Soul Qianmo in the eyes of the eight of them. , Everyone couldn't help but feel a trace of respect in their hearts!

The overlord of Dongzhou, Duan Tianhong deserves his name!

As long as Dongzhou has his existence, then Dongzhou will be inexhaustible!

"The Valley Lord is mighty!"

"The Valley Lord is mighty!"

"The Valley Master is mighty!" A mighty voice suddenly gathered from all directions of Leicheng, with a majestic momentum, like rolling thunder.

"You guys, go back early."

"This time the plan is my fault, fortunately there is no fault." Duan Tianhong returned Sheng Yanjing to Xiao Yan, and immediately opened his mouth to the other eight.

However, although everyone was a little curious about this holy flame crystal, they didn't see the power of holy flame, and there were other things in their minds, so naturally they couldn't care about these things.

"The owner of the valley is very polite, if it wasn't for you at the last moment, I'm afraid we..." Tan Chen laughed.

"The catastrophe is over, you should go back and settle the people in the city."

"I am afraid that your respective forces have also been bloodbathed, and you still need to go back to preside over the overall situation." Duo Tianhong glanced at the many magnificent people below, and said helplessly, after all, fighting will inevitably cause damage.

"In this case, let's go first!" The blood-clothed sect sect master said, and then the eight people also fell into the Thunder City, and went away to appease the injured people. The power and Forge Thunder Valley are the main ones, so they naturally want to go back to their respective powers to preside over the overall situation.

"Little guy, you have good guts." Seeing that there were only himself and Xiao Yan left in the sky, Duan Tianhong put away his offensive and smiled at Xiao Yan as if he were looking at him lovingly.

"Senior is really a good way." Xiao Yan heard the words, clenched his fists and smiled. Obviously, although Tianhong was smiling on the surface, he used the strength of one person to turn the tide and defeat the two five-star fighting immortal powerhouses. This strength made Xiao Yan. Some admire.

"Let's go, first follow me back to the Thunder Valley of Forging Swords, you are a big part of this disaster."

"But before discussing the merits, you still need to go to the Thunder Tomb." Duan Tianhong said with a smile.

"Lei Tomb..." Xiao Yan nodded immediately after hearing the words, apparently many of the participating disciples were still among them.

"The entrance to the Thunder Tomb has been destroyed, so you need to go and reset it."

"This is the space array scroll, just take it to the tomb of thunder, and it will naturally rebuild the channel."

"The catastrophe has just ended, and there is a shortage of manpower. This matter is none other than you." Duan Tianhong continued, not giving Xiao Yan any chance to react.

"I'm happy to help." Xiao Yan heard the words, nodded lightly, and then directly took the silver scroll in Duo Tianhong's hand. A strong space force emerged from the silver scroll, which was obviously a special scroll used to build a space channel.

"Let's go."

"Go back to the Thunder Valley of Forging Knives first. The entrance of the Thunder Tomb needs to be entered from the valley." After Duan Tianhong finished speaking, he waved his hand and directly gave the Huo Sin Envoy and Soul Qianmo to his subordinates, and took Xiao Yan to the forging. Knife Thunder Valley.

Forged Knife Thunder Valley.

At this time, the Thunder Valley of the Forging Knife was quiet, and even the scene of the blood flowing into the river was slowly cleaned up, and it did not look like a place where people were slaughtered.

"Weng buzzing!" The space channel squirmed slightly, and the figures of Duan Tianhong and Xiao Yan immediately stood high in the sky.

"Has the interior of the Forge Sword Thunder Valley also been baptized by the Soul Palace..." Looking at the chaotic scene, Xiao Yan's huge soul power naturally sensed the hidden aura of the powerhouses in the Soul Palace, and said.

"You'll know when you go to the hall." Du Tianhong didn't seem surprised, he took Xiao Yan and headed towards the knife-forging hall.

"Squeak." There was a soft push on the door, and the door of the Forging Knife Hall was immediately pushed open by Du Tianhong.

"Hey, the Valley Master is back." In an instant, a number of embarrassed figures appeared above the forged sword thunder hall, but although the breath was weak, there was a touch of joy on everyone's face.

"Lei Jiao, you and Fei'er have worked hard this time." Duo Tianhong walked over directly, looked at the Mingling Lei Jiao and Duo Qifei, and said dotingly.

"Valley Master!"

"Dad!" A burst of laughter also emerged suddenly, and then in the forging hall, many strong people spoke out one after another.

Among these powerhouses, there are not only the remaining masters and third masters of the Thunder Valley forging swords, but also some elder-level powerhouses. There is no doubt that the figures here are the real ones in the Thunder Valley forging swords. high level.

"It turns out that the senior Mingling Lei Jiao brought Fei'er to the knife-forging Thunder Valley to relieve the siege." His eyes turned slightly, and he suddenly looked at the other side. The black cages were lined up, and there were groups of eerie black The fog kept creeping.

"It's still a clever calculation by adults."

"Originally, the sword-forging Thunder Valley was bloodbathed by the powerhouses of the Soul Palace, but with the arrival of Senior Lei Jiao and Mayfair, the situation changed in an instant, which saved us from the disaster." It is obvious that Thunder Valley can have a leader like Du Tianhong, why not be prosperous?

"Tianheng, these guys from the Soul Palace will be taken to prison at all times."

"Next, we will first count the casualties inside our forged sword Thunder Valley. The deceased gave their family a fortune, a glorious funeral, and those who should be healed."

"In addition, we will send guards to obliterate all suspicious people." Du Tianhong gave the orderly orders, and the inside of Forge Blade Thunder Valley was also carried out in an orderly manner.

"Xiao Yan, Fei'er, the two of you, come with me." After doing all this, Du Tianhong immediately left the knife forging hall.

"Master of the Valley Forging, I don't know whether to ask or not..." The three of them headed towards the entrance of Lei Tomb, a certain valley, and Xiao Yan suddenly wondered halfway along the way.

"You mean Huo Sin Envoy and Soul Qianmo, right?" Duan Tianhong's vicious eyes naturally detected Xiao Yan's thoughts at a glance, and laughed.

"really……"

"As the master of the holy flame, it is also my mission to slaughter the evil races outside the realm, so if the forge master gives me any of them, I think I can get some useful information." Xiao Yan thought for a while and said.

"Indeed, they were an excellent solution in your hands...but your current strength is not enough to solve them."

"I will hand them into the hands of the master of the plane of Yinhuntian At that time, the high-level officials of Yinhuntian may be able to rely on the two of them to investigate some useful information." Duan Tianhong said slightly.

"The Lord of the Heavenly Plane of Shadows?" When Xiao Yan heard the words, he was a little surprised. Obviously, this was the first time he had seen such a new ranking.

"To put it simply, that guy is the strongest in the entire Yinhuntian. Even in the core area of ​​Lihunyu, he is also a person with a head and a face..."

"By the way... I will take you to meet him this time when I go to the Four Continents for the competition." Duan Tianhong smiled maliciously.

"If he finds out that I'm not a human from the ghost world...isn't it..." Xiao Yan felt helpless.

"Don't worry, Yinhuntian is very tolerant, no matter if you are a human, a ghost, or a monster, you are all treated the same." He easily sensed Xiao Yan's concerns and smiled.

"If that's the case, then I'm really looking forward to it." Xiao Yan grinned when he heard this.

. Mobile version update fastest URL: