Chapter Vol 4 1967: Bold guess!

In the square, the black stones floated slowly, and the mysterious and mysterious power of the mysterious and mysterious permeated slightly. In the vagueness, a faint gleam of luster emerged. It seemed to be laughing at everything in the world, and it seemed to be despising everything. That kind of power, It can be said that it has surpassed reincarnation too much.

The terrifying seal formation outside the black stone, if it is rashly lifted without Feng Wan'er's guidance, I am afraid that even the strong reincarnation can only end in ashes after touching it. After all, although the sealing formation seems to be transparent, its The power contained in it is enough to destroy the heavens and the earth.

"Get ready, I will stop the eight-star Dou Xian perfect powerhouse for three breaths for you in a while, and the rest can only be left to you."

"please……"

"After the matter is over, I will tell you everything you know." While the mistress Feng Wan'er and Yan Yan were confronting, Su Xueying's soul voice transmission said to Xiao Yan, and the girl bit her silver teeth for a while, obviously When he said these words, the pressure greatly increased, but in order to resolve the current situation, he could only bite the bullet, but when he said these words, Su Xueying's prejudice against Xiao Yan had been reduced to a minimum .

After all, the number of guardians is quite small, and most of the high-level powerhouses are now in retreat. If the mistress fails, not only will the things they guard be completely lost, but they are also unable to escape bad luck.

"No need." Xiao Yan looked at Su Xueying with great interest, looked at the black flames in her body, shook her head and said, that kind of flames are quite strange, Xiao Yan can't say how strange it is, but it really makes Xiao Yan feel A moving expression, plus this girl's strength is only six-star fighting immortal, Xiao Yan does not want her to die in vain.

"You!" Su Xueying heard the words, her beautiful eyes shrank tightly, and she couldn't help but let out a coquettish snort. She was stomped by Xiao Yanqi, and she obviously had a trace of anger.

This Xiao Yan is not only a rude person, but also a guy who speaks eloquently?

That guy is a complete powerhouse of the Eight-Star Dou Xian!

This Xiao Yan does not think about himself, but also thinks about the Xiao clan. Now there are only a few descendants of the Xiao clan, is this guy still so arrogant?

Su Xueying really wanted to slap Xiao Yan to death, how could she be so stubborn?

Is it because of my misunderstanding of him just now...

Doesn't he know that there is only hope in life...

"Although the two holy flames in your body are tyrannical, it is extremely difficult to suppress and fuse them with brute force. Now they are resisting each other, and it seems that the black flames have not been completely refined by you. If you use it so rashly, you will leave behind Extremely traumatic."

"As for this guy, although it's tricky, it's still not difficult for me."

"That's right, I'll let you see my true strength." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his figure moved quickly like a ghost, and shot directly at Xu Shao. Divine scorching arrogance spread out.

"..." At this moment, Su Xueying didn't speak or move, she just squeezed lightly with her palm. What Xiao Yan just said was indeed the biggest difficulty she was facing now.

"Hmph... Yanfeng, grab him for me!" Seeing this, Xu Shao was still maintaining the blood lines on his forehead.

"In the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, there are all kinds of holy flames. Among the few remaining descendants of the Xiao clan, you can be regarded as an extraordinary existence, but... that's all!"

"In the past, your seniors of the Xiao clan suppressed our Yan clan. Today, let your junior repay some." Seeing this, Yan Feng frowned, and a bright red flame slowly emerged from the depths of his body, burning faintly. , that kind of power was enough to easily wipe out Xiao Yan completely.

"The Eight-Star Douxian Perfection level is really strong...but I don't have any exercises to play with you right now!"

"Darkness!" Xiao Yan's figure moved at a high speed, and immediately a hidden brand flickered on the palm of his hand. In an instant, a huge black shadow flashed out of nowhere behind Xiao Yan, and the huge body seemed to cover the sun. Most of the square is completely shrouded!

At the same time, the mysterious dark power of dark power formed two incomparably sturdy dark clothes around Xiao Yan and the dark underworld, which were extremely dark and carried endless gloom!

Obviously, in the face of the true Eight-Star Dou Xian Consummation, even Xiao Yan must go all out, otherwise, with the current Xiao Yan, there is no way to fight back!

Eight-star Douxian perfection powerhouse is so terrifying!

"Dark creature?" Looking at the behemoth that suddenly appeared beside Xiao Yan, except for Xu Shao, several others exclaimed at the same time.

The exclamations of these people, especially the surprised voice of the mistress Feng Wan'er, were the loudest.

Darkness and the underworld have an inevitable connection, and at the beginning, even she was not very clear about the relationship between the Xiao family and the underworld. Now, she can't help but have some doubts about Xiao Yan's identity, but it is due to the prestige of Yan Yan in front of her. , it didn't happen.

"Get away from me!" Yan Feng was surprised at first, and in the blink of an eye, the bright red flames on his body turned into an extremely cold flame machine gun.

As soon as the voice fell, Yanfeng stomped his footsteps suddenly, and burst out with the help of the anti-shock force of the ground, the majestic fighting qi in the body became hot, like a violent eruption crater, the tip of the gun flashed coldly, directly facing the The dark underworld warrior assassinated and left, that kind of aura is extremely terrifying!

"Hoohoho!" The Dark Underworld Master didn't say much, and looked at Xiao Yan, his huge body suddenly lifted up, and dark ripples appeared, directly stepping on Yanfeng and Xu Shao's place, instead Xiao Yan At this time, Fen Jue and Sheng Yan were mobilized in the body, a terrifying energy that moved the world, slowly brewing.

"Boom!" In an instant, the void collapsed, and the world changed color!

Countless dark ripples flashed with extremely cold killing intent like sharp blades.

"Flame gun!" Seeing this, Yan Feng even released a sneer on the corner of his mouth. The musket on his palm shook, and countless sharp flames rushed out along the flame gun, directly kicking the sky with the dark underworld. Collision together slam! "Without any unnecessary fluctuations, the two attacks just touched, the space above the entire square trembled directly, and the scalp-tingling distortion became stronger and stronger.

In the blink of an eye, a flame spread out from the center of the battle between the two, and then suddenly penetrated down the pitted ground. Under the gazes of several people, the extremely solid square ground was actually smashed by this violent force. A crack of hundreds of meters in size appeared, and the sound of a rock bursting was extremely harsh!

"Try this!" When the Dark Underworld was faintly falling behind, the amber flame changed from flame to liquid and burst out from Xiao Yan's body. After a while, a tiny lotus seed shone with five colors of luster. , slowly prostrate in front of Xiao Yan.

At this moment, the explosive energy in the square suddenly quieted down, and Yan Feng and the Dark Underworld were directly dispersed.

"This guy..." Seeing Xiao Yan sweating profusely with a very solemn expression, Su Xueying couldn't help biting slightly at the corner of her mouth when she saw the weak lotus seeds in front of him that could kill everything.

"You!!!" At this moment, seeing the level of attack in front of Xiao Yan, Feng Wan'er's aged body was suddenly touched, and an extremely terrifying anger swept out.

"And me!" Although Yan Yan didn't know why Feng Wan'er was so abnormal, he didn't confront each other.

"Fall for me!" Xiao Yan's heart beat faster, the blood in his body boiled, his scalp couldn't help but almost turned into powder, his body jumped tightly, and in a short while, he smashed the five-color Buddha's Wrath Samsara directly at Yanfeng!

Xiao Yan wanted to see if this so-called "immortality" magic technique could continue to remain immortal under the fusion of holy flames!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: