Chapter 433: Emperor Rank 9th Grade Caster!

"Why does this sound make me feel familiar..." At the moment when the sound appeared, the earthwalker felt a familiar feeling from the sound. It seemed that he had heard this sound before?

And listening to this figure's tone, you are still old friends with yourself?

Could it be that...

Thinking of this, the soilwalker turned his head with some difficulty. At this moment, a middle-aged figure slowly appeared on the rock that was far away from the ice core.

With the appearance of this figure, the earthwalker seemed to feel the grudge in his body trembling slightly.

"Master Lu?" After the earthwalker turned his head, he also said suddenly, with shock in his voice!

Master Lu, this is the most famous casting master in Xuanling City!

As we all know, due to the complexity of Dou Qi reaching its peak, some other auxiliary cultivation methods have even been born. Among them, the Dou Formation Masters and Pharmacists that Xiao Yan cultivated are also branched out from Dou Qi.

The foundry is also one of them!

The so-called casting master is to use some extraterrestrial meteorites or extremely rare metals, and cooperate with extremely special techniques to forge them into magical weapons!

Let's ask a four-star Dou Di strong at the same level, excluding the gap between Dou Qigong and Dou skills, the presence or absence of magical weapons will become the decisive role in the battle!

The role of the magic weapon can greatly improve the user's combat ability, and this magic weapon can also be passed down from generation to generation, its value is nothing compared to fighting qigong techniques or fighting skills!

This Master Lu is the most famous foundry in the entire Xuantian three days. It is said that he is already a ninth-rank foundry, which is extremely close to the fairy-level foundry.

The caster's rank is divided into the emperor rank one to tenth rank, and after the tenth rank is the immortal caster!

The journey of cultivation is not all smooth sailing for everyone. Some people encounter bottlenecks that cannot be broken through. For the sake of insurance, they will not hit the bottlenecks. After all, if they fail, they will end up dead!

But even if it doesn't hit the current bottleneck, the heart of becoming stronger is deeply ingrained in everyone's heart.

For this reason, the foundry should also be born!

The foundry is the gospel of this type of people!

A magic weapon that is handy, its value is comparable to that of fighting qigong techniques!

Therefore, the Dou Di Continent is the key to the outcome of the battle. On the basis of the original Dou Qigong techniques and fighting skills, weapons are added!

"Hey, Tujia boy, you should step back first." The hungry middle-aged man known as Master Lu smiled slowly.

"Even this Master Lu has been dispatched..." After hearing the words, the soil traveler retreated from the fighting place and came to a huge rock, occasionally glancing at the figure beside Master Lu.

"Pill King Chen Xin?" The next moment, the pupils of the earthwalker suddenly became shocked!

"It seems that Master Lu must have been summoned by Dan Wang Chenxin..."

"Hey, the alchemist is really a hornet's nest that can't be provoked." Seeing this, the soil walker immediately understood that Master Lu, who was as strong as the Nine Star Dou Di, would appear here. , but it is said that this Alchemy King Chen Xin's alchemy technique is extremely terrifying, and if an alchemist wants to improve his pharmacist level, in addition to his soul power, his fighting spirit level is also essential.

"This Pill King Chen Xin's ambition is really not small." Earthwalker said secretly from the side.

"Master Lu?" With the appearance of Master Lu, the hidden disciple of Wanjianmen Jianrui exclaimed.

"Senior brother, who is Master Lu?" Kendama looked at Jian Wuqing suspiciously.

"Master Lu, this is an incredible figure!"

"Our Wanjianmen cultivates not only the conventional fighting spirit, but also combines its monstrous sword intent, so the value of a foundry is too precious to us who cultivate sword intent!"

"Let me ask, only a good magic weapon can give full play to your sword intent, and the creator of this magic weapon is this casting master!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"As far as I know, this Master Lu is the most powerful casting master in the entire Xuantian Santian. He has already stepped into the ninth-rank emperor rank. I am afraid that it is only a matter of time before he steps into the immortal rank casting master. Immortal caster, then he will have the ability to forge immortal artifacts, then, I am afraid that our sect master will be polite when we see him..." Jianmen said solemnly.

"What a terrifying fluctuation!" Kendama heard the words and nodded immediately. He also knew how terrifying the increase of his combat power was with a good divine weapon!

"But don't underestimate this Master Lu, because he is not only a forger of the ninth-rank emperor, but also one of the best masters in the entire Xuanling City, a powerhouse of the nine-star fighting emperor level!" Jian Wuqing said in a deep voice road.

"A terrifying strength..." When Kendama heard the words of his senior brother Jian Wuqing, he immediately cast his eyes on that Master Lu!

Looking pleasing to the eye, Master Na Lu was dressed in white, his hair was black, and some other fluctuations were revealed in his dark pupils. His face was extremely gentle with a smile, and he looked harmless to humans and animals. His hands were gently wrapped around his chest, It's just that there are some scars of different degrees on the hands, and there are some strange iron rings on the wrists of both hands, I don't know what they are used for.

"Tsk tsk, I didn't expect that even this Master Lu was dispatched." Old Zhu's eyes were a little lazy, and then he glanced at the smiling Master Lu lightly.

"It seems that this Pill King Chen can't stand the loneliness, and the bottleneck that has plagued him for so many years, now that he has encountered this Fire Qi Pill, naturally he will not let it go easily, but he can only invite this Master Lu, this Pill King. Chen Xin is ready to bleed heavily this time." Old Zhu said with a smile.

"Oh, there seem to be two other little guys from Wanjianmen." After Old Zhu finished speaking, he was slightly surprised at the rock beside him, and then his pupils kept turning, as if he was thinking about something.

"damn it!"

"Nine Star Dou Emperor level powerhouse..." Bing Xin's beautiful eyes turned slightly, and then she saw the Master Lu who was standing opposite her, and an invisible pressure emanated from Master Na Lu.

"Hehe, little baby, hand over your things." Master Lu said with a smile, without any fluctuations in fighting spirit, like an ordinary middle-aged man.

But it is precisely because of this that Bing Xin is even more shocked, the strength of this Master Lu Jiuxing Doudi is really terrifying!

Bing Xin's Eight-Star Dou Emperor's perfection level strength seems to be almost the same as that of Nine-Star Dou Emperor, but only Bing Xin knows that the Eight-Star Dou Emperor's perfection to Nine-Star Dou Emperor seems to be only a step away, but in fact it is like an abyss. end!

Countless heaven's favored sons are stuck at the level of the eight-star Doudi consummation. Once they break through the eight-star Doudi and enter the nine-star Doudi, then to a certain extent, they can step into the pinnacle of Doudi, and they are the same as that Dou Xian. Immediately!

"Humph!"

"Your Excellency, this is a bit too bullying, right?" Bing Xindai frowned and said.

Even an eight-star Dou-Emperor level powerhouse as arrogant as Bingxin has to be vigilant when facing Master Lu's nine-star Dou-Emperor level!

Otherwise, if you are not careful, you will have a big accident!

"I'm short-handed, I'm just doing things for others." Master Lu said nonchalantly, and after he finished speaking, he didn't forget to glance at the King Pill Chenxin behind him.

"This time, it's all up to Master." Seeing this, Chen Xin said to Master Lu with satisfaction.

"Humph!"

"I want to see how terrifying the Nine-Star Dou Emperor is!" After Bing Xin finished speaking, the blue-colored Dou Qi instantly appeared all over her body, ready to launch an attack!

"Come on then." Master Lu said casually, and his smile instantly solidified after speaking, and a terrifying wave of fighting spirit permeated instantly!

Ask for tickets!