Chapter Vol 2 717: Soul Clan and Solomon!

"Tick tock!" There is a small river far away from the Xuanling royal family. On the edge of the river, a fisherman is slowly lifting the fish tank to fish. His eyes are slightly confused, and he is obviously sleepy.

It's just a spooky place in the river where a pool of water is slowly dripping from top to bottom, and there is a sense of rhythm when it drips.

"Ugh……"

"It was a wrong decision to send a few of them to hunt Zhu Jin."

"The old guy Zhu Jin also broke through the half-immortal. With the addition of that Xuantian first battle formation master, I'm afraid it will be quite difficult even for me to deal with."

"But it's a bit strange. Even if it fails, why didn't those three guys come back?"

"Is something wrong?" the old fisherman said to himself.

"Tick tock!" The water drops were dripping, and the old fisherman immediately cast his gaze and shouted loudly.

"who?"

"Come out!" The old fisher shouted loudly, and a figure suddenly appeared in the place where the water droplets fell in the small river.

The figure was wrapped in black robes, and he couldn't see any appearance, but that's the case, the terrifying power that vaguely exudes is probably not something that ordinary people can possess.

"Sect Master Solomon, when I saw him today, it really lived up to its reputation." The figure in black robe just appeared, and suddenly laughed.

This man has a very strange aura flashing all over his body, very eerie!

"Humph!"

"You still have the face to come back?" The old man fishing was a little unhappy when he saw this man.

"Haha, what happened to you Solomon has nothing to do with our soul clan!"

"If it wasn't for your three subordinates fighting for fame and fortune, I'm afraid it wouldn't have ended like this." The man covered in jet black robes sneered, he naturally knew why the old man was so angry.

Before sending three of their Solomon clan masters to encircle Zhu Jin, not only did they fail, but they went in with them, which would be uncomfortable for anyone else.

"Humph!"

"What else are you doing here?" The fishing old man heard that, although he was extremely unhappy, he calmed down.

"Isn't the purpose of my visit obvious?" The black-robed man said immediately when he saw that the fishing old man was deliberately pretending to be crazy.

"Let's just say it directly." Although the fishing old man had some vague guesses in his heart, he naturally didn't want to betray him.

"I am the general person in charge of the Soul Clan at Xuan Santian's side." The black-robed man explained slightly.

"Chief in charge?"

"Aren't you afraid that I'll kill you when you come here?"

"After all, what your soul clan did to us Solomon behind the scenes, no one knows better than me." The old fishing man said in disapproval, with a trace of anger in his voice!

The old fisherman is now Lord Solomon!

Also the strongest!

Solomon had a total of twelve sect masters, of which he was the first sect master.

"There were indeed some misunderstandings in the previous grievances."

"However, I believe that you also understand people. As long as there are enough interests, there is no deal that cannot be made." Facing this old fox, the man in black robe was not in a hurry, because he knew that the Solomon Sect Master was not a vegetarian.

If it weren't for the fact that he had some credentials on his body, I am afraid that today, he would not dare to appear in front of him. After all, this guy's strength has reached the level of a half-immortal! And his own strength is only at the peak level of Dou Di.

"Oh?"

"Enough profit?" Lord Solomon's eyelids jumped when he heard this.

At his level, ordinary money and treasures have long been out of his sight.

"Let me tell you something, but I believe you will know soon." The black-robed man smiled slightly, very mysterious.

"Then what do you need us to do with Solomon?" The old fisherman said slightly.

"It's very simple."

"Don't interfere in this relic and the sect competition." The soul clan powerhouse said unhurriedly.

"Impossible!" The fishing old man heard the words and refused directly.

What a joke, this ruin contains extremely precious treasures, and the first place in the sect competition, the things that can be obtained are also extraordinary, how can you say that you will not participate if you don't participate.

"You can think about it."

"Our soul clan has always cooperated with the ghost world since ancient times. This is something that you Solomon cannot compare to you, although I don't know why your Solomon has some connection with the ghost world."

"But I still advise you not to participate. After all, this time, we have a big move with the ghost world."

"As for the remuneration afterwards, I will definitely give it myself." The Soul Race powerhouse said slowly.

"Haha, it seems that the days of Xuantian are going to change." The old fishing man said to himself.

But the next moment, Sect Master Solomon thought in his heart: "The headquarters of these guys from the Soul Race is not on our Xuanling Continent. What are they going to do?"

"The trading connection between the soul clan and the ghost world is stronger than I thought."

"Your strength is only at the peak of Dou Di. If you want to make me obey, it would be too ridiculous." The old fisher slowly put away his fishing gear, then got up slightly, and walked slowly towards the strong soul clan.

"Damn it!" Seeing this, the strong soul clan was slightly startled.

My strength is only at the peak of Dou Di. If this guy does it, I am afraid that some life-saving things in his hands can...

"Forget it, I'm free to do these things, you can go back."

"I will consider what you said The fishing old man didn't do anything to the Soul Race powerhouse, thought about it for a while, but went to their Solomon's sect.

Although Solomon acts in a low-key manner, as the strongest Solomon, he naturally knows what kind of huge energy is contained in the word "soul clan".

"This **** old guy."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I don't know who has contact with the ghost world, but I can actually get the support of some forces in the ghost world."

"In the human world, the forces that cooperate with the ghost world only have our soul clan, and the rest are just a flash in the pan."

"What the **** is going on with Solomon..."

"Forget it, as long as it doesn't affect our soul clan's plan, let it go. If we lose our soul clan's plan, I'm afraid no one in the ghost world will dare to protect you!" After finishing speaking, the soul clan powerhouse slowly disappeared.

"The old guy who dug the grave told me a long time ago that this time they are going to attack Xuantian San, I'm afraid there will be a new situation in this Xuantian, and the sect of Xuantian will be cleaned up."

"However, the three ghost immortals in the ghost world attacked Xuan Santian at the same time. In addition to the constant conspiracy of the Xuanling royal family, I am afraid that this time, Xuan Santian will change." After the Solomon Sect Master finished speaking, he disappeared directly.

Immediately, the conversation between Soul Race and Solomon ended like this, but the ghost world was also full of impetuous thoughts.

Ask for tickets!