Chapter Vol 2 831: Uninvited

"What do you mean?" Xiaoman raised his forehead slightly, puzzled.

"All of our creatures, including magical beasts, many medicinal herbs, medicinal herbs, or some wonders of the world, are born with the power of heaven and earth, but as our strength becomes stronger and stronger, it is so powerful that it shakes the repetition of heaven and earth, so the strength reaches To a certain extent, it will attract something called Heavenly Tribulation."

"The horror of the catastrophe is indescribable, but one thing is certain, no creature wants to cross the catastrophe. After all, under the catastrophe, all thoughts are in despair, and there is only such a small chance of success..."

"If it fails, it will undoubtedly turn into dust, but if it succeeds, I am afraid it will turn into a butterfly!"

"Soar!"

"But the chance of success is too small and too small, almost zero." Tian Wangshen said slowly, his voice was full of helpless voices, obviously even Tian Wangshen was a little powerless.

"Can't you avoid it?" Xiao Man heard the words and raised his head slightly, he could hear the horror of the calamity from the mouth of Tian Wang Shen.

"Hehe, how can this thing be avoided so easily."

"As long as there are wonders in the world, 10,000 years is a catastrophe, 50,000 years is another catastrophe, and 100,000 years is another catastrophe."

"Under the three tribulations, countless wonders of heaven and earth all fell away."

"However, if you can truly survive the three tribulations, you will undoubtedly advance to another level, and at that level, I am afraid that this world will be difficult to compete against." Tian Wangshen said.

"Your trip is..." Dazhi suddenly thought of something and hurriedly spoke.

"Yes, this time I'm actually here to say goodbye to both of you."

"Among the group of human beings who entered the ruins this time, there is one who should be able to help me overcome the calamity, so I have to give it a try, otherwise there will be no time." Tian Wangshen said.

"It's too dangerous." Dazhi said immediately after hearing this.

"I have to go even in danger, otherwise this is my last chance." Tian Wangshen shook his head and said.

"Since that's the case, what can we do to help you?" Dazhi heard the words and was not persuading Tianwangshen. He knew that if Tianwangshen didn't fight for this last chance, he would have to wait to die in vain. That appearance is obviously not the two of them. what the reader wants to see.

"After I leave, the medicine garden will be handed over to you." Tian Wangshen smiled and didn't say anything more.

"Yes." Dazhi and Xiaoman heard the words, they both knew the decisiveness of Tianwang Ginseng.

"Are you coming back?" Xiao Man said in disbelief.

"I succeeded, I will definitely come back, don't worry." After Tianwangshen finished speaking, it suddenly turned into a silver streamer and disappeared in the center of the medicine garden.

"Big Chi, do you think he will succeed?" Xiaoman said, looking at the body of Tian Wang Shen's departure.

"I don't know, you also have five thousand years of life now, I'm afraid you will know that day." Dazhi heard the words, and then looked around, and then stopped talking.

"You must succeed!" Xiao Manwei prayed to Tian Wang Shen in his heart.

As for the Heavenly King Ginseng, he had already left the center of the medicine garden and headed towards Xiao Yan and the others.

"Having holy flame, and I see this huge soul power, if I expected it well, I'm afraid this guy will be an extremely good alchemist."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"But these are not important anymore. If this guy can help me successfully overcome the calamity, then this body is worth giving him."

"After the calamity, my body will be a ten thousand-year-old Heavenly King Ginseng, it's really cheap..." After Heavenly King Ginseng finished speaking, a trace of grief suddenly flashed in his eyes.

The Heavenly King Ginseng now has a lifespan of nearly ten thousand years, so the effect of today's Heavenly King Ginseng is probably stronger than any blindly Heavenly King Ginseng known to Xiao Yan!

"Are you okay?" Xiao Yan asked Mu Yingying and Yueru beside him.

I don't know why, just after separating from the others, the second daughter suddenly became quiet, letting Xiao Yan explain anything along the way without interrupting, but Xiao Yan, relying on his keen soul power, seemed to feel that there was something between the two. thing.

"It's okay." Seeing Xiao Yan's concerned eyes, the two girls hurriedly spoke.

"You." The two women said at the same time, and then looked at each other at the same exit.

"We're fine, let's find the herbs you need first."

"I don't know what else you need?" In fact, Mu Yingying has always been a person of indifference to the world, but facing Yueru, she actually faintly felt an inexplicable threat, that's why she did this.

"Heavenly King Ginseng." Xiao Yan looked at Mu Yingying and said, but did not take it to heart. After all, although Xiao Yan felt that the two women were strange, he did not think about the relationship between men and women, because the woman who was now pressing on Xiao Yan's shoulders There are too many things, and Xiao Yan has no such thoughts.

"Tianwang ginseng?"

"What is that?" Mu Yingying still looked like a blank piece of paper, and she didn't understand every new word that Xiao Yan said.

"You don't know that."

"The so-called Heavenly King Ginseng is said to be the best among ginseng. Heavenly King Ginseng, this ginseng is a great tonic for us human beings. It is said that it can enhance human strength. The medicinal materials only exist in some strange places, and it is said that the origin is quite mysterious, but it is said that it is the best material for refining some bodies." Yue Ru glanced at Xiao Yan indifferently and then said.

"But why are you looking for this thing?" Yueru suddenly became suspicious the next moment.

"This guy..." Facing Yue Ru's question Xiao Yan was slightly startled.

But the next moment, Xiao Yan directly summoned the Golden Demon Puppet and said, "Have you seen this guy?"

"I'm looking for Heavenly King Ginseng just to increase the strength of this guy. After all, you've seen it before. This guy is a good helper in the fight."

"That's it." Yue Ru heard the words and felt relieved. She originally just asked casually.

After doing all this, Yueru put her eyes on Mu Yingying, and just wanted to say something, but she saw Mu Yingying's vigilant gaze.

"Someone's here." After a while, a trace of blue flames flashed on Mu Yingying's body, and then her vigilant eyes pointed towards a big tree in front of the three, and said softly.

"This guy, what a terrifying flame." Yue Ru was shocked when she saw this. The blue flame of Mu Yingying might be on par with the mysterious flames on Xiao Yan's body. The strength is also unpredictable.

"Who!"

"Come out!" When Xiao Yan heard the words, he immediately turned his attention and found a figure sitting on the big tree quite leisurely.

The figure was covered in silver, and it seemed to be covered by a layer of silver light film, but the next moment, the man stood up slightly, then smiled at Xiao Yan and his party, "I heard you are looking for me?"

"Then I won't invite myself."

Today is the fourth watch, next week will be the end of this month, and the last wave will break out.