Chapter Vol 4 2057: The winner, old monster Shen Xi!

The latest website: "I have a roll of immortal-order sixth-grade medicinal herbs..."

"I exchanged a volume of holy rank fighting skills..." The whole auction was quiet for a while, and after a while, it was like a pot being exploded. The endless voice resounded throughout the auction hall, but these guys took out Things are a bit too low-level for the seventh-grade medicinal herbs, but the high-level powerhouses in the first few rows have not moved. They seem to be waiting for the price increase of these jumping clowns. This treasure is in their pockets, and they disdain to compete with it.

This is the difference between ancient races and ordinary forces.

"Old Shen, this is a good thing. The pill contains the phoenix energy, and I'm afraid it can really draw out a trace of the phoenix energy. At that time, with your means, I'm afraid there will be an extremely weak chance to spy on the mystery..." Looking around One after another lightning-like price increase, Shen Hong's heart was hot, and he couldn't help saying.

"I know, sit me down!"

"But now it's not just me who discovered the mystery of this medicinal pill..." The gray-robed old man in front of Shen Hong shook his head and said, his eyes were also looking at the position of the ancient race, obviously the old guys noticed it. The mystery of this medicine pill is just about to move.

"Although a treasure like Phoenix Nirvana Pill is tyrannical, no one has ever been able to decipher its inner mystery. It happens that the old man has a leisure prescription in his hand, so the old man is willing to use a scroll of immortal-level seven-grade earth-level prescriptions and seven orifices exquisite heart. In exchange." After the breath, on the seat of Xiyue Sect, the grey clothed old man in front of Shen Hong and Shen Yi opened his mouth slightly, and said in a rather indifferent voice, as if it was just a random test, and he did not express too much heat.

"Immortal rank seven-grade medicine prescription, seven orifices exquisite heart?"

"It is said that this thing is a rare treasure for pharmacists, because it is a recipe for refining the body. If the body is destroyed by someone and only the soul is left, the body can be re-refined with the superb technology of the pharmacist. , the existence of seven orifices and exquisite heart can make one's body strength to a higher level after recovery, and there is even a slight chance to break through the current shackles and step into the next realm..." Yaoyun slowly faced the old man in gray from the Xiyue School. She threw it, and muttered to herself at the corner of her mouth. She naturally kept the famous name of Qiqiao Linglong in her heart.

"Seven orifices exquisite heart?"

"What a terrifying method, this kind of prescription may have a fatal attraction to the Yao family." Xiao Yan suddenly shook his head at Xun'er when he heard the words. Obviously, this level of bargaining has exceeded the limit of what they can come up with.

"Hehe, old monster Shen Xi, I can't believe that you, as proud as you, actually brought a strong person from the sect to attend the Medicine Clan Festival in person this time. It's really been a long time."

"But I also want to get involved in a treasure like Phoenix Nirvana Pill."

"The old man is willing to exchange the fifty-fifth-ranked immortal weapon in the world, the wolf-toothed beacon fire order." After resting, an old man from the ancient race slowly got up and said with a smile.

This guy smelled of fireworks all over his body, but the breath revealed from his whole body was extremely terrifying.

Lei Qianren of the Thunder Clan, the late Eight Star Fighting Immortal!

Not only this old guy, but the five ancient clans, plus the old monster Shen Xi from the Xiyue Sect, the leader of the team is also the late stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals!

"Lei Clan powerhouse shot..."

"The fifty-fifth-ranked immortal weapon in the Great Thousand Worlds, the Wolf Fang Beacon Fire Order, it is said that this thing is the control order of a wolf species. If you have it, you can order an entire wolf army, even some eight-star fighting immortals. Late stage powerhouses can only temporarily avoid the edge.”

"It's really a good trick." Some figures in the back couldn't help muttering to themselves, this kind of precious treasure really made them have no desire to compete.

"I am willing to use a seventh-grade immortal-rank medicinal pill, Fengyuan Dan..."

"A scroll of fighting skills..." In addition, there were endless shouts, which were immediately recorded by Yaoyun.

"Squeak." When the sound in the entire auction hall slowly became quiet, a pale old man appeared out of thin air next to Yaoyun, the auction platform, with a smile on his face and a naive look.

"The old man's Yaoxuanyi, the task of identifying the baby this time, is handed over to me." The old man just walked out, and immediately took the golden paper from Yaoyun's hand, left here after resting, and returned to a medicine At the place where the senior clan members gathered, they carefully screened the many treasures that had just been bid, and selected one of the most satisfying ones.

"I can't believe that even Yao Xuanyi, the second elder of the Yao family, has appeared. This guy is the leader of the Yao tribe. Countless geniuses and resources are in his hands. Except for the first elder and the Yao tribe's patriarch, who can hold him down, in the Yao tribe The status among the clan is unparalleled.”

"Wait a minute, I just don't know who this treasure will end up with..." One after another whispers sounded from the auction at the rear. Facing the price increase of these powerhouses, they even had the desire to increase the price. No, the right is like watching a play. After all, the capital they have is not worth mentioning compared to this ancient race!

"Don't worry, this will be useful to you, and it will be returned to you later." Xiao Yan looked at Xun'er who was sitting quietly, gently touched Qiong's nose with his palm, and smiled slowly.

"Brother Xiao Yan, don't do bad things." Xun'er didn't take it seriously, but she sensed an unprecedented solemnity from Xiao Yan's words.

"No, no." Xiao Yan smiled helplessly.

"..." The time passed quietly. The strong people present, some of the guys who just bid for the Phoenix Nirvana Pill, also had their hearts beating at the same time, because they knew that within a few minutes, the real winner would be competed. .

A treasure like the Phoenix Nirvana Pill is actually more involved in gambling, but there are some people who have a higher heart than the sky, and they also want to give it a shot.

"Pimple , five minutes later, Yao Xuanyi's body descended here, and immediately looked at the strong people present with a smile on his face.

"After the consultation of our Yao Family Elder Pavilion, the winner of this auction item is the old monster of Xiyue Sect, Shen Xi." Yao Xuanyi said lightly.

"Hehe." Hearing this, the old monster Shen Xi slowly got up, looked around, and then cupped his hands slightly, and sat down after taking a good breath.

"Congratulations to the Xiyue Sect, Your Excellency Shen Xi, for successfully bidding on the Immortal Rank Seventh Grade Pill, Phoenix Nirvana Pill."

"The same series of transactions will be held after the auction." Yaoyun said slowly, his voice quite loud and sweet.

However, even if many of the strong people present knew that this medicinal pill was taken into the bag by the Xiyue Sect strong people, they would not dare to do anything wrong. After all, no one who is blind would dare to engage in some conspiracy and tricks in the territory of the Yao family. There is no such situation. It's different from setting yourself on fire.

But if you leave the medicine clan's territory, it will be a different look.

Although the baby is good, you have to live to enjoy it, right?