Chapter 428: Anti-General 1 Army!

"Cough cough cough..."

"Damn bastard, he ran away at the end of the battle!" The poisonous old monster sat down directly, and then the corners of his mouth were gasping for breath, and the forehead also appeared because of the return of the huge plague source swarm. Lots of sweat.

Just now that Sun Dalong insisted on running, he would definitely not be able to catch up with him. After all, this is the outskirts of Xuanling City, and the source of the plague is here, so the poisonous old monster can't get away.

Furthermore, those huge plague-causing insects were returning to his body just now, directly swallowing up nearly 90% of the fighting spirit in his body!

This old poisonous monster has only 10% of his fighting spirit left at this time. He is so weak, I am afraid that a three-star fighting emperor can easily kill him.

"If this Sun Dalong is a little slower, I am afraid that it will be swallowed by my source of plague... If it is swallowed, I am afraid that my strength in the middle stage of the Eight Star Dou Emperor will be improved!"

"It's really a pity." Old Monster Poison sat down to rest, but said with some regret in his heart.

"Hehe, little baby, now you can hand over that thing." Although the poisonous old monster was extremely weak at this time, in order not to let the barefooted woman see that something was wrong, he could only insist on it immediately.

"Hey, Poison Old Monster, you can't protect yourself now, and you still care about what's on my body?" The barefooted woman laughed hilariously, and immediately did not forget to make a face at Poison Old Monster!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"You!" The poison old monster heard the words, and his breath was also floating.

"Everyone is cultivating poison fighting qi, do you think I won't know your current state?"

"As soon as the source of plague worms come out, you must devour vindictive energy or soul power, otherwise, these will bite you back. If the number of the source of plague worms is larger, I am afraid that you will also be directly swallowed. There will be no scum left. ."

"If I were you, I would have gone to a quiet place to recuperate by now." The barefooted woman also said slightly.

"Cough, cough... Stop talking nonsense!"

"Ming people don't speak secretly."

"The vindictive restraint left by Sun Dalong is really not easy. Now I don't have the strength to break it, but I believe that in these time, it is enough for me to recover my strength, so this time is still a lot. "The poisonous old monster said.

"Haha, isn't it?" The barefooted woman's expression was also calm, and she didn't panic at all.

"Poison Fang, come down and take the things from this little girl, and then we have to escape immediately." Old Monster Po also sorted out the black cloak that covered his body, because under the black cloak, there was some creeping. The source of the plague, and then looked up to a certain place in the sky.

"damn it!"

"There is still a backhand left!" The barefooted woman was slightly surprised, and then the green poisonous fighting qi in her body slowly emerged!

"Poison Fang?" Seeing that there was no sound on the towering tree for a long time, the poisonous old monster immediately raised the sound by a few decibels.

"Feel sorry……"

"Are you looking for him?" A soft voice appeared, and at the same time, a figure covered in a pitch-black cloak appeared. The figure's left hand gently hugged the woman who had passed out with three flowers and eyes, while her right hand Above, there is a figure casually carried!

Taking a closer look, isn't the figure above the black cloak figure's right hand the fangs?

"asshole!"

"What have you done!" Seeing this, the poisonous old monster's eyelids jumped violently!

The strength of the black-clothed man in front of him is probably unpredictable even by the old poisonous monster, and the person who makes the old poisonous monster feel so unpredictable, his strength is probably only the powerhouse of the nine-star fighting emperor level!

"Your Excellency is too casual, aren't you afraid of offending our Wanpo Sect?" Poison Old Monster is indeed a strong man of the older generation, even in such a situation, he didn't panic, and said.

The black cloak is Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan used the package of soul power just when Poison Old Monster and Sun Dalong were inextricably fighting, and directly attacked Poison Fang!

Although this Poison Fang was a genuine six-star Dou Emperor, and Xiao Yan was only a four-star Dou Emperor, Xiao Yan, relying on his powerful soul power, was able to strike Huang Quan Tian's anger without any precautions.

"Haha, I also liked this three-flowered cauldron, so I just took it away." Xiao Yan said casually, as if he was talking about something that could not be easier.

"Strange, why does this person have an extremely terrifying soul power fluctuation... Could it be that he found me..." The barefoot woman who was imprisoned in the yellow beam also spoke slightly, looking like she was thinking.

"Your Excellency, this Poison Fang is the son of our Wanpo Sect. If something happens to him, Your Excellency won't be able to eat it and walk around..." The old monster's eyes sank slightly. .

"Threat me?" Xiao Yan snorted coldly.

"Sir, I didn't mean that."

"This little girl is the blood of snake people and humans. If you take it back, you will inevitably be hurt by the venom on her body, so it's better to let them both go, and I will definitely compensate you." The poisonous old monster's eyes showed Fierce light, then stared at Xiao Yan.

"Okay." Xiao Yan also said calmly.

As soon as Xiao Yan finished speaking, he grabbed Poison Fang's palm and threw it directly in front of Old Monster Poisonous, and the Poison Fang was instantly thrown to the ground.

"Take him away, I don't want to kill people." Xiao Yan said calmly.

"Let's go!" The poisonous old monster is also surprised why the mysterious black-clothed man said that the poisonous teeth were released The poisonous old monster is not stupid enough to think that his reputation of the Wanpo sect will frighten him away. .

However, the poisonous old monster didn't have time to hesitate, his figure moved slightly, and he ignored the fangs.

The strength of this mysterious man in black is unpredictable, and his own strength is only about 10%. On balance, treasure and life are more important than the latter.

"Thank you, Your Excellency." Poison Old Monster also said to Xiao Yan. Although he didn't know why, he always felt that this man in black seemed to have some connections with their Wanpo Sect, so he let them go. The strength of people, today, the two of them, the poisonous old monster and the poisonous teeth, are probably going to be planted here.

"No thanks." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, looking at the poisonous old monster who was facing the fangs in front of him, he instantly laughed at the corner of his mouth, and a terrifying flame fluctuation was also hidden under his subordinates.

"Farewell!" The poisonous old monster just came to Poison Fang, and he also carefully observed Xiao Yan's every move, and then slightly checked Poison Fang's health.

"Fortunately, I just passed out." After checking Fang Fang's body, the old monster poisoned him up with his left hand, and then the only breath left in his body instantly emerged, trying to escape from here.

"What's the hurry?" Xiao Yan said coldly, at the same time, the palm hidden in the darkness waved directly at the old monster!

"Huangquan Palm!" A loud noise came out of Xiao Yan's mouth in an instant, accompanied by the poisonous old monster who was carefully checking the health of Poison Fang!

Ask for tickets!