Chapter Vol 4 1285: Immortal pill robbery!

"Grumble!"

For 200 days, Xiao Yan has been refining medicinal materials, but there were no major mistakes. Even some small mistakes were eliminated under Xiao Yan's care, which made Hua Fei admire Xiao Yan involuntarily. He got up, at least he couldn't achieve Xiao Yan's level.

"Boom!" At this moment, the raging fire in the medicinal cauldron was fiery red, burning all the medicinal materials with all their might.

"Although this medicine refining cauldron is powerful, it is not the best. It seems that we have to find a time to find a medicine refining cauldron on the 'Sacred Cauldron' list. Otherwise, the power of the holy flame is too strong, and ordinary medicine refining I'm afraid the cauldron can't bear it." Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power controlled the balance of the flame and the medicinal materials in the medicinal cauldron, and spoke slowly.

The most important thing for a pharmacist is the ability to perceive the soul, followed by the support of flames and vindictiveness to refine the medicinal pills, and finally the medicine cauldron.

It can be said unceremoniously that a high-quality medicine refining cauldron can greatly increase the success rate of medicine refining, and even reduce many unfavorable factors. Therefore, in the eyes of pharmacists, the holy cauldron list is second only to the holy flame!

If there is a medicine refining cauldron on the holy cauldron list, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's current identity and refining skills will be more powerful.

"Withered Spirit Origin Branch, it's getting better soon." After thinking about it for a while, Xiao Yan didn't dare to be distracted. After all, this is an immortal-level fourth-grade heaven-level medicinal pill, and it is not a child's play. So I'm afraid this test will end in failure.

Although Xiao Yan had three chances, it would take too much time to refine just once. In addition, Xiao Yan had to participate in Dongzhou, so there was only one chance, otherwise the time would not catch up.

As for Xiao Yan's refining medicinal materials, it took nearly one hundred and fifty days for the three main medicinal materials and other auxiliary medicinal materials to be completely refined.

If Xiao Yan used holy flame, it would probably be enough within 100 days.

"Buzz!" After a while, when the energy in the medicine refining cauldron slowly dispersed a trace of aroma, four groups of energy liquids in the cauldron slowly formed.

The Spirit Swallowing Stone, which was refined at the beginning, was also the most difficult to refine. At this time, it has turned into a silver liquid. In this silver liquid, there is a terrifying power that does not lose to Dou Xian powerhouse. As for other withered spirits The source branch turned into a mass of yellow liquid, and on top of the yellow liquid, the tyrannical sealing power faintly exuded, making everyone slightly surprised.

Ice Heart Chalcedony, at this time, it has melted into a mass of gold and silver clear liquid, the liquid is like a pool of water, transparent and clear, but it contains extremely terrifying power, as for the end, there are many neutralizations The medicinal materials were all condensed by Xiao Yan and turned into a colorful liquid.

"This little guy's control over flames and soul power is not weak." Tan Chen also noticed that Xiao Yan was about to take the next step, so he couldn't help but speak.

As for Hua Fei on the side, he was staring at Xiao Yan attentively, trying to learn something from it, so as to improve his refining skills.

"Next, the fusion begins." Xiao Yan was slightly startled and said solemnly.

Refining the medicinal materials, this is only the simplest step, the real difficulty is to combine these medicinal materials into a pill, and the elixir tribulation after the pill.

"Let's start." Xiao Yan closed his eyes, and his dazzling soul force shot directly at the medicine refining cauldron.

With such a dazzling soul power pouring into the cauldron, the cauldron was immediately divided into three parts.

The three groups of liquid formed by the ice-heart chalcedony, the withered spirit source leaf, and the swallowing spirit stone completely divided the entire cauldron into three parts. As for the colorful liquids, they were driven out of the cauldron.

"Humph."

"Since it was refined by me, is there any reason why I can't accept you?" Xiao Yan snorted coldly in his heart, and his dazzling soul power and fighting spirit immediately slammed away at Ding Nei.

The three groups of liquid resisted extremely stubbornly at first, and no matter how Xiao Yan was, he couldn't get close, let alone merge.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Five days have passed. During the five days, Xiao Yan was not in a hurry, but continued to use his soul power to enter the cauldron. With Xiao Yan's actions, the three groups of liquid that resisted extremely fiercely were also defeated. .

"It's alright now..." Xiao Yan saw that the three groups of liquid had no stubborn resistance, and immediately opened his eyes slightly, and the majestic soul power burst out!

It's finally time for fusion!

"This guy is too perverted... Does this mean that four groups of liquids need to be fused together?"

"This is too heavy a load on his soul power, and if he is not careful, it may cause a lot of trauma to his soul power." Hua Fei's eyes narrowed at this time, obviously shocked by Xiao Yan's actions.

"Give me a fusion!" And Xiao Yan naturally didn't care about other things, the majestic soul power slowly entered the cauldron, and suddenly the four groups of liquid were suddenly compressed, and the four groups of liquid began to slowly merge in a short time!

The fusion went quite smoothly this time, and there were no problems. Probably because of Xiao Yan's soaring soul power, the fusion went smoothly.

"It has become a pill..." The next moment, under Xiao Yan's subtle control, the four groups of liquids slowly merged together without spilling any power. Appears in the center of the tripod.

At this time, above the sky of the Alchemist Association, a dark thunderbolt slowly appeared. The color of this thunderbolt was dark, but it carried a shocking power Such power, I am afraid Ordinary Fighting Immortals will completely fall under it.

"Where to run!" Xiao Yan naturally realized the thunder elixir robbery outside, but his soul power was directly transformed into a big hand, and he collected the elixir.

"Next, the elixir calamity, how should you deal with it?" At this time, Tan Chen was also quite satisfied with Xiao Yan, but there was still one last step before it could be called a real success!

"Dan Jie... I haven't met you for a long time."

"Jin Yaopup is no longer suitable for the current battle, it seems that he can only rely on himself." Xiao Yan thought for a while, and then his figure suddenly swept away and appeared in the sky above the Alchemist Association in an instant.

"Is that... the pill calamity formed by the immortal-level pills?"

"This guy is so young, how could he be an immortal pharmacist..."

"It's so terrifying... It seems that Dongzhou is really a crouching tiger, hidden dragon." Looking at the tyrannical thunder in the sky above the Alchemist Association, there were bursts of noisy sounds from all around.

"Xiao Yan, you really didn't die!"

"It seems that we will have a good fight in the East Continent Rivalry. I just want to see why you can come out of Icefire Island safely." After seeing Xiao Yan's figure, a figure not far away also smiled slowly. stand up.

"Huhu."

"With this level of thunder power, it's probably not that easy to take over." Xiao Yan was in the center of the thunder cloud, so he could naturally feel that every beat of the thunder would bring his own heart to beat fiercely. , It can be seen that this Immortal Pill Tribulation is not that easy!