Chapter 375: Break through to 4-star Doudi Consummation!

Minutes and seconds have passed, and Xiao Yan and the others have spent a lot of time entering the Xuanling Imperial Pond. Although they are outside for a day, they can stay in the Xuanling Imperial Pond for ten days.

"Gulugulu..." In the center of the core area of ​​Xuanling Emperor Pond, a thin figure slowly appeared.

That figure was actually Xiao Yan.

At this time, Xiao Yan was surrounded by milky white flames, and then slowly immersed in a pond!

This pond is also strange, it only has a very small space, but it is very suitable for Xiao Yan, as if it was tailor-made!

At this time, the golden water around Xiao Yan's body also slowly soaked it.

Then the milky white flames around Xiao Yan's body also caused the golden water to emit extremely hot temperatures.

"The golden energy in this Xuanling Emperor Pond is really mysterious..."

"It seems that absorbing this mysterious golden energy is constantly consolidating my soul realm and battle qi sea..." Xiao Yan also muttered in his heart, and then the next moment, it was also slowly running the Burning Jue!

At this time, Xiao Yan was immersed in the golden Xuanling Emperor Pond water, and the golden power that was suspended beside Xiao Yan also slowly flowed from all directions, and then all of it flowed into Xiao Yan's body.

The next moment, just when the golden power was about to flow and disappear, Xiao Yan suddenly opened his mouth, and then an extremely terrifying wave slowly absorbed the rich golden power into his stomach!

The reason why Xiao Yan did not immediately absorb the life force given to him by his master, the Golden Dragon King, was to use this extremely rich life force to shock the four-star Dou Di to Consummation!

After all, Xiao Yan at this time is already in the middle stage of the four-star Dou Emperor. After absorbing the immortal body, although he did not bring a breakthrough in power to Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan also found that he vaguely touched the middle stage of the four-star Dou Emperor. The threshold of the peak!

And the power of life in front of him is probably fatally attractive to Dou Xian level powerhouses, so it is feasible for Xiao Yan to use this force to break through the four-star Dou Emperor to complete success.

Therefore, Xiao Yan was also immersed in the golden water for the first time!

The pond is located outside the broken space. As the source of life stone in the broken space is taken away, the next moment, the place where the pond is also collapsed suddenly, and then a water liquid mixed with a huge breath also emerged. come out.

"The pond that emerged should be connected to the most central part of the Xuanling Emperor Pond, so soaking here is also very effective." Xiao Yan thought.

Therefore, Xiao Yan didn't stop there too much, and directly plunged into the pond, enjoying the mystery of the Xuanling Emperor Pond!

As soon as he entered the water, a cold feeling spread throughout his body, but the next moment, Xiao Yan was also pleasantly surprised to find that the slightly depleted fighting qi in his body actually had a very obvious recovery!

And this recovery is obviously not what Xiao Yan did, but the mysterious effect of this Xuanling Emperor Pond!

"This place is really a good place." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the conch shell on his chest suddenly emitted a very dazzling light, and then Xiao Yan also felt that an extremely turbulent impact force was also spontaneously generated under his feet. .

"This should be the water that connects the entire Xuanling Emperor Pond. It's no wonder that this effect is so terrifying..." Xiao Yan also murmured, and now he can soak it with confidence.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I just don't know if this Xuanling Emperor Pond has the effect it is said to have." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also closed his eyes, and then the surroundings returned to calm.

And it is strange to say that in the golden water in the Xuanling Emperor Pond, with the increase of Xiao Yan's immersion time, some golden energy slowly dispersed from the water, and then slowly poured into Xiao Yan in the body!

Although Xiao Yan didn't know what this golden energy was, he didn't even need to think about it. This golden energy seemed to be about the stepping stone of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, so he didn't have time to think about it. It would be great to absorb more.

Outside the core area of ​​the forbidden area, since Xiao Yan entered, the isolated island seems to have some mysterious power, which isolates this isolated island!

Rao was because Mu Yingying found this isolated island, and there was no way to enter immediately. After thinking for a while, Mu Yingying also gave up the idea of ​​entering this isolated island, and then the huge power spread instantly, and then she also took off all the clothes on her body. Then slowly enter the water.

The water in the golden Xuanling Emperor Pond perfectly blended with Mu Yingying's jade-white figure!

The next moment, I could also see that tiny traces of golden energy were continuously gathering from all directions, and then slowly injected into Mu Yingying's body!

"It's time!" After ten days of soaking, Mu Yingying suddenly opened her eyes, and then her lips moved slightly, and she muttered.

The next moment, Mu Yingying also took out the Dou Di Pill, and then gently opened the bottle with her jade hand. Immediately, the Dou Di Pill with delicate lines all over her body also appeared on Mu Yingying's palm.

"This time, it's up to you." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she swallowed the Dou Di Pill, and then continued to absorb the golden mysterious energy in the Xuanling Emperor Pond, plus the power of this Dou Di Pill. , I am afraid that it is only a matter of time before breaking through the Five Star Dou Di.

Looking back at Xiao Yan, this immersion was three months. Even if he was outside, ten days had passed, and there were only ten days left before he left the Xuanling Emperor Pond.

"This Xuanling Emperor Pond is really a good thing." Xiao Yan also said quite enviously Obviously, three months after absorbing this Xuanling Emperor Pond, in the depths of Xiao Yan's soul realm, Have a certain prototype!

Even the place that holds Dou Qi in Xiao Yan's body was gradually refined from a sea of ​​Dou Qi!

There is a vague phenomenon of breaking through the four-star Dou Emperor's completion!

"It's time!" The next moment, Xiao Yan also laughed. Obviously, at this time, the power to absorb the Xuanling Emperor Pond had reached its saturation point. It would be a waste of time to continue like this, so Xiao Yan also jumped out of that pond.

"Whether the four-star Dou Di is successful or not depends on you." Xiao Yan also murmured.

The next moment, Xiao Yan put the round object in the palm of his hand that contained the power of life, and slowly appeared in Xiao Yan's hand.

Xiao Yan also smiled knowingly at this, and then suddenly raised his palm, a huge suction force also absorbed all the energy of life!

"Shabu Shabu!"

"What a strong power..." When the power of life just entered Xiao Yan's body, an indescribable feeling of comfort spread throughout the body. The next moment, Xiao Yan also controlled this power of life, facing Fen Yan Decided to go!

Trying to refine this power with Burning Jue, so as to absorb this pure power and gain the huge power of promotion!

For this huge force of life, even the powerhouses of the Dou Xian level are quite jealous. Xiao Yan knows that he can't be impatient. life force...

Ask for tickets!