Chapter Vol 2 830: The 3 Kings of Medicine in the Medicine Garden

In the medicine garden, there is an extremely vast forest, which is lush and green, and with the crazy growth of some trees and medicinal materials, it is a good place to hide some figures.

"Xiao Yan, what's the matter?" Leng Fuyao seemed to sense something else, and immediately asked Xiao Yan.

"fine."

"Let's go." Xiao Yan said casually, and then directly entered the medicine garden.

Medicine Garden, this is a rare and mysterious place among the Fairy Moon Ruins.

The refining of many magical medicines requires some extremely precious medicinal materials, and some precious medicinal materials are extremely difficult to cultivate in the outside world, and the conditions for their formation are even more unreal, but there are some kinds of medicinal materials in this garden. It is mysterious, so many medicinal materials that cannot be found in the outside world can be found here.

"Qingxinlian..."

"Millennium Blood Rong Essence..."

"Hongsui liquid..."

"It's all good stuff." Just after entering the medicine garden, Leng Fuyao's small eyes stared at the medicinal herbs that grew on the ground as if they didn't want money.

"This is just the beginning." Xiao Yan laughed immediately after hearing this.

Obviously, Xiao Yan was somewhat surprised by Leng Fuyao's extensive knowledge.

After all, the few herbs that Leng Fuyao mentioned just now are basically invisible to the outside world. Just relying on the records in the ancient books, they can identify them without a word, which really surprised Xiao Yan.

"Time is tight, so I won't sell it."

"For the **** poisonous body, we also need to find some medicinal materials, so let's part ways here."

"After finding it, the door will meet?" Wudu said.

"That's right, this medicine garden is so big. If it's gathered together, I'm afraid it will take a long time to find it. It's better to separate it." Mu Feng nodded.

"Is it difficult to poison the body?" When Xiao Yan heard the words, a woman named Xiaoyixian appeared in his mind, but he didn't know if she was okay at this time.

"Let's separate."

"I, you, she."

"We have a team of three, you two are on a team, Xiao Yan and the others are on a team." After a while, Xiu Qi directly separated the team.

The five poisons, Lin Chu and Mu Feng's team.

Xiuqi, Qinxin, Leng Fuyao's team.

Xiao Yan, Mu Yingying and Yueru teamed up.

"There are separate places. If there are any special circumstances, then act according to the circumstances." Xiao Yan said.

"Yeah." The three teams had just agreed, and immediately moved apart.

"Let's go." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, Ruoyou Ruowu turned his head to look behind him, and then said to Yueru and Mu Yingying.

"Crackling." Above a sturdy tree, Wang Xie and Guni's expressions were slightly wrong.

"What should we do now?"

"This guy won't find us, right?" Wang Xie said a little depressed.

Just now, the two of them really followed the people in the astrology valley, but as they entered the medicine garden, the figures of the two women suddenly disappeared!

This is what happened next.

"No, follow."

"A five-star Dou Emperor is consummated, a late-stage six-star Dou emperor and a six-star Dou emperor are consummated, in the hands of the two of us, I'm afraid it won't last long." Guni said with a confused expression.

"Don't forget that Xiao Yan was the murderer who killed Qi Haoran." Although Wang Xie coveted the inheritance rune on Yueru's body, he was not someone who let others be used as spearmen.

"Hehe, this is natural, but Xiao Yan has two women by his side, we can start with them..."

"When the time comes, let's see how Xiao Yan responds..." After the two of them finished speaking, there was a bit of an unprofessional act in the corners of their mouths.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Miss, it's fortunate that you found out in time, otherwise these two would be..."

"The people of Wandumen and Solomon are not doing well." Xiaobi and Xingtaki were surrounded by a circle of silver power, and then spoke slowly.

"Shhh, let's go see if there is anything we need here."

"Let's go." Hoshitaki didn't want to have anything to do with the people of Solomon's Poison Sect, so he directly used their unique aura to hide.

At this time, in the center of the medicine garden forest, several figures slowly appeared here.

Here, four towering trees decorate the place extremely beautifully, plus the circles of silver vines on the ground, circles of extremely rich emperor energy emerge, obviously this is a rare cultivation treasure.

At this time, above the silver vines, a man sat slightly upright, and now he glanced at other places from time to time, as if he was waiting for someone.

This man's body was filled with an extremely dazzling aura, but his hair was actually silver-white. If Xiao Yan were here, he would definitely find out that this man was a Heavenly King Ginseng!

"Brother Sen, you have called us here so urgently, what's the matter?" Two men approached.

One of the two men is extremely thin, and the other is extremely burly. The two formed a clear distinction.

"coming?"

"Sit down." The Tianwangshen man didn't say much, and said directly to the two figures.

"This..." Hearing the words, the two figures looked at each other immediately.

All of them can only, this is the daily practice place of Tianwangshen. Don't look at the four trees in the sky, there is nothing special about them. These four trees in the sky are arranged according to the characters of their birth dates, which are indescribable benefits for his cultivation. , and the preciousness here, Tian Wangshen never let any medicinal materials come here in the past, why is it so abnormal today.

"Xiaoman, Dazhi, do you know why I called you here today?" Seeing that these two guys were confused, the King of Heaven immediately asked in doubt.

"I don't know." The two figures shook their heads.

"The three of us were all three-flavored medicinal materials, and in this medicine garden, since we were born, and with the help of the mysterious power in the medicine garden, we were lucky enough to be transformed into human figures. Cultivation has indescribable benefits." Tian Wang Shen looked into the distance and said Yes. "

"Brother Shen, you are the oldest in our medicine garden. Thank you so much for the two of us who are today." The two figures smiled at Shen, the king of heaven.

"However, do you know how long I have survived?" The next moment, Tian Wang Shen suddenly spoke to the two of them.

"How long?" After Tian Wangshen asked this question, both of them immediately became puzzled.

"It seems to be almost nine thousand years..." After a while, the thin figure, Xiao Man, suddenly spoke.

"Nine thousand years?"

"Could it be?"

"Isn't there a thousand years left?" Dazhi, a burly figure, hurriedly said.

"Hehe, what Xiaoman said is not false."

"It's not 9,000 years, but almost 10,000 years." After Tian Wangshen finished speaking, his eyes suddenly became deep and full of mystery.

"what?"

"10,000 years?" When Dazhi heard the words, she suddenly remembered something, her eyes filled with disbelief looking at Tianwang Ginseng.

"Xiao Man, among the three of us, you are the weakest and the youngest. Do you know about the robbery?" Tian Wang Shen ignored Da Zhi and asked Xiao Man directly.

"I don't know." Xiaoman shook his head when asked by Tianwang Shen.

"Heavenly robbery."

"This thing is a kind of restriction, or punishment, for all our creatures except humans." After Tian Wangshen finished speaking, he suddenly felt a little sad.