Chapter 14: 9 colors Tanrai Kotentan Rainfall!

In the space where Xiao Yan was located outside the medicine cauldron, after Xiao Yan's loud roar, the surrounding spiritual energy of heaven and earth all divided into three strands at a speed visible to the naked eye, and gathered towards the three piles of medicinal materials in the medicine cauldron.

With the influx of spiritual energy from heaven and earth, the three forces that were stalemate outside the medicine cauldron gradually softened, and there were even signs that they were about to merge!

"Oh, using the special power of the fire elf flame to remove the violent factor in the three medicinal materials, coupled with the influx of the surrounding world's spiritual energy, the power of the three medicinal materials can be balanced and easily merged. It is really wonderful!" Bai Suhui Chang looked at Xiao Yan's skillful technique in front of him, and said to the members of the association who were puzzled below. His eyes and tone did not conceal his praise for Xiao Yan!

"The removal of the rage factor should be the effect of the flame. It seems that this kid's fire spirit is somewhat different."

"But he's really a good boy." Bai Su said slowly in his heart, then looked at Vice-President Bai Ruo, and whispered a few words in his ear, then Vice-President Bai Ruo left the assessment area. He walked in a hurry as if he was going to do something.

"Don't try to rob me!" The silver-haired woman Yueru looked at the vice president who left, apparently guessing some reasons, and then said in a low voice coldly.

Just as President Bai Su said, Xiao Yan was using the devouring power of nothingness swallowing flames left in Xiao Yi's body to remove all the violent factors in the three medicinal materials, and was collecting heaven and earth aura to replenish energy for the three medicinal materials, so that the three When the energy reaches a balance, the fusion will be a matter of course.

Time passed quickly, and when everyone exclaimed Xiao Yan's superb medicine refining skills, the fusion of medicinal herbs also began slowly.

Xiao Yan's originally slightly closed eyes were also slowly opened at this moment, looking at the medicine cauldron with a dignified expression, in the rising flame, there are three groups or liquid medicine, or dust-like things. These three kinds of things exist. Although the thing looks inconspicuous, it is filled with a strong and shocking pure medicinal power...

"This little world has almost absorbed the spiritual energy of the world, so you should be saturated, right?"

"Then, it's time to start merging into a pill!" Xiao Yan carefully controlled the soul power to decompose the energy of the three to achieve a balance, and then controlled the flame to attack the medicinal materials! Obviously it's time to start fusing herbs.

Xiao Yan controlled the flames to slowly attack the three piles of liquid.

The liquids of the three medicinal materials have been reconciled and balanced by the spiritual energy of heaven and earth. They did not offset each other as they did at the beginning, but began to slowly merge together.

"Success!" Xiao Yan said with great joy.

Originally, Xiao Yan only had the mentality of giving it a try. If he failed this time, he would still have two chances. Although the swallowing power of nothingness swallowing inflammation can indeed eliminate the violent factor in the medicinal materials, but all of this is just Xiao Yan's theory. excited?

"The next step is to wait for all the medicinal ingredients to fuse into pills, and welcome Dan Lei." After that, Xiao Yan patted his legs and sat down, because he knew that even if the violent factor in the medicinal ingredients was eliminated, they would be able to fuse better and faster. , is also a time-consuming project, after all, it is an elixir of emperor rank.

Alchemy is an extremely time-consuming thing. Especially the refining of such high-level medicinal pills often takes ten days and a half months to refine. This situation is not uncommon...

As for this situation, the members of the association who were watching the study were also aware, so they did not appear impatient because of the long wait. Most of the people who were able to watch were members of the association with some strength and status. The necessary patience is naturally a must.

Under the gazes of countless expectant eyes, time also passed quietly. In the blink of an eye, five days passed quietly.

Everyone watched Xiao Yan's every move these days, and it was immediately clear that the first part of refining the power of medicinal materials was completed, and the next step was to meet the Dan Thunder Tribulation.

The so-called Dan Thunder Tribulation refers to the refining of medicinal pills that exceed the eighth rank and above, which will trigger a vision of heaven and earth. People call this kind of catastrophe a Dan Thunder Tribulation! Many pharmacists will ask the strong to help protect the law when refining high-level medicinal pills, because the Dan Thunder Tribulation is too vicious, and if one is not careful, the Dan will destroy people and die!

Everyone present is well aware of the ferocity of the Dan Thunder Tribulation! Especially if the pills refined by Xiao Yan were of the imperial rank, the terrifying level of pill thunder would only be more dangerous!

"I hope you won't let us down. A powerful alchemist is powerful, but Dan Lei Tribulation is not that simple." The silver-haired woman Yue Ru couldn't help but look at Xiao Yan in the arena with some worry.

"I don't know why, but I think this kid can be perfectly refined, and I feel that this kid should have some secrets, so just watch his performance." Bai Su clearly saw Yueru's worry and said.

The silver-haired woman looked at Xiao Yan and then at Bai Su, as if thoughtful.

In the slightly hot world, a low muffled thunder suddenly resounded in the sky, and then countless eyes hurriedly shifted upwards, only to see a dark cloud appeared in the sky, but now within this dark cloud, There was actually a low sound of thunder, and that appearance was clearly the shape of Dan Lei.

"Oh? This kind of fluctuation is it?" Bai Su looked at Xiao Yan with a hint of laughter in his heart, he was really a powerful boy.

As we all know, if the eighth-grade medicinal pill can call out the nine-color pill thunder, it means that it has entered the scope of the ninth-grade medicinal pill, and what will happen to the emperor-grade medicinal pill beyond the ninth-grade?

Xiao Yan focused on controlling the fusion of the medicinal materials without asking about foreign affairs, opened his eyes and shouted, "Get up!"

Finally, the fusion was successful, and a dark cloud that made a green beam of light soared into the sky.

"The thunderclouds in the sky have begun to change!"

An unbelievable exclamation from outside the field suddenly resounded in this world, UU reading www.uukanshu. Immediately, all the gazes in the association immediately froze on the thundercloud above Xiao Yan's head. As expected, they saw that along with the surging of the thundercloud, the original colorless Dan Lei began to change again. ..

Looking at this miraculous scene, everyone's faces became dumbfounded, Xiao Yan actually did it...

"Good guy, it's amazing!"

While countless people were stunned, some people finally came to their senses first, and immediately shouted excitedly, today, Xiao Yan let them witness a miracle with their own eyes!

"Huh..."

On the stone platform in the distance, Yue Ruti's heart at her throat finally fell at this moment, her jade hand patted her plump breasts, and a bright and charming smile quietly bloomed on her cheeks.

"He actually succeeded..."

The color of the thundercloud is constantly beating, one color and two colors... nine colors!

Impressively, he jumped from a colorless thundercloud to a nine-color thundercloud in an instant!

It's not over yet!

Immediately at the moment when the Nine-Colored Dan Lei appeared, a mystifying fragrance emanated from the medicine cauldron, and then bursts of liquid like raindrops fell from the sky!

Dan Yu!

Nine-colored Dan Lei, Dan rain all over the sky!

This is the first time everyone has seen such a grand medicine refining technique! The members of the association present couldn't help but feel the vindictiveness in their bodies and even their souls could not help being baptized! Got the same sublimation!

"Good guy!"

"Nine-colored Dan Lei, the sky is full of Dan rain!"

"A symbol of the birth of the first-grade pill of the emperor's order." Bai Su laughed as he looked at this vision of heaven and earth.

"How are you going to deal with this nine-colored thunderbolt? This isn't an ordinary pillory of the eighth and ninth ranks."

​​