Chapter Vol 4 2114: Killing Soul, Lucifer!

The blood-red thunder lion tail fell, and the whole world was immediately divided into two halves. Countless cracks, large and small, erupted in the extremely stable sky in the medicine world, and the cracks spread from the void to the ground!

Looking at this deafening attack, the whole ground, one after another cracked earth gap, is frightening!

"Guru..."

The battle of the people below, the eyes suddenly became quite strange, and even looking at the two fighting in the sky with a glimpse of the corner of the eye, would they feel an unprecedented fear?

"Xiao Yan, this guy seems... too frightening?"

Aside from Soul Void, the old Lingxi people couldn't help muttering.

"This Austin seems to be deliberately delaying time. What are they going to do?"

"Now that Hill has lost his fighting power, and the jury is dead and wounded, do they have anything to rely on?"

"Or what are you waiting for?"

Yao Wanwan kept shaking his head. No matter how tyrannical their attacks were, they would easily be destroyed by Austin's defense, and Yao Wanwan even felt that this threat from Austin was even more tyrannical than Liu Hao!

"The Holy Palace of Angels!"

"Give it to me!"

Feeling that the tail of the thunder lion, which is so close at hand, is like lightning, the offensive is awe-inspiring, Liu Hao continued.

"Whoa!"

Three purple angel wings fanned, and a trace of purple brilliance slowly brewed, and the holy palace in front of Liu Hao was even more sacred by its carvings. In the purple holy palace, strands of graceful angel souls The shadow, which is forcibly depicted on it, condenses unprecedented terrifying power!

"It's over!"

Xiao Yan's expression did not change, his fists were tightly clenched, and the thunder lion and lion tail, which were controlling the rolling thunder, suddenly fell, and launched a powerful blow against Liu Hao!

Combining the thunder attributes of various Dan thunder and thunder master power, the terrifying oppression of the sky and the earth swept out.

"Dong Dong Dong!"

The two just joined forces, and the splendid Sacred Palace was smashed by the fierce thunder. Even the angel's soul shadow above the Sacred Palace barrier was instantly shattered. The lightning flow flickered everywhere, and there were ferocious Thunder Dragon Wine. Thunder pythons are intertwined, and scenes of thunderstorms are staged here, which are extremely dazzling!

The Holy Palace began to collapse. It seemed that it was because he couldn't bear Xiao Yan's terrifying destruction, and it was because Liu Hao hurriedly moved the Angel Holy Palace before he had cultivated the four Angel Purple Wings.

The Holy Palace has been unable to resist for a long time. The misty angel saint pattern around him was easily destroyed and torn apart. It seems that every time the thunder appears and falls, it will bring a devastating attack.

"Thunderbolt!"

"Zizzizi!"

Seeing this, Xiao Yan's eyes contained a rare scorching heat. Immediately, his whole body squirmed with strength, the Thunder Dou Core shook suddenly, and the blood-colored thunder filled his body!

Liu Hao has been embarrassing himself several times, but this time, let him kill him completely!

What about the Holy See Children of Light?

"I... did I lose?"

The sacred Holy Palace collapsed, watching Xiao Yan's intensifying aura of thunder, Liu Hao suddenly gasped heavily, and a round of extremely shining supreme divine marks erupted between his eyebrows!

That kind of power, as if the gods who traveled nine days heard the prayers of the devout servants, descended here with endless divine aura!

"Liu Hao, it's over!"

Xiao Yan roared coldly, and countless thunder force rushed out of his body, gathered on his fist, his chest buzzed, and the thunder force circulated on his skin, extremely terrifying!

"Sisi."

In the face of Xiao Yan's terrifying attack, Liu Hao's eyes were a little dull and he stood in the sky. Immediately, the sacred lines between the eyebrows released a very strange power, slowly filling his body, and even the three angel purple wings behind him. , exudes a touch of elegance!

"Hahaha!"

"That's right...that's it."

At this moment, seeing Tian Tian Liu Hao being forced to such a degree by Xiao Yan, the first believer Austin laughed. There was no worry in the smile, but a strong sense of excitement!

"This guy!"

Yao Wan Wan and others were also puzzled, so they could only entangle him secretly, but the Yao clan's clan protection formation slowly showed signs of turning, and even Xun'er showed signs of waking up!

"Soul of Slaughter, Lucifer!!!"

The high-pitched voice is like a divine voice shaking the world, paralyzing the souls of everyone, and washing away the countless darkness in this world.

"What it is?"

With one punch, Xiao Yan's thunder fist, which was enough to kill the Eight-Star Dou Xian, was as if it had hit an unbroken stone, and it was bounced back directly. There was a beautiful figure above Liu Hao's head, Xiao Yan was shocked and quickly backed away!

"Wong Buzz!"

At this moment, the demonic power in Xiao Yan's body suddenly began to boil uncontrollably, the filled demon cube shook violently, and an extremely violent aura erupted as he looked at Liu Hao.

"Dong Dong Dong!"

Liu Hao's eyes suddenly changed a color, turning into a touch of white that he had never seen before, as if he was free from all things in the world, the most clear and pure. body, emerges lightly.

The looming soul of Qianying slowly emerged, and the whole world became quiet.

The soul of slaughter was brewed, and immediately above Liu Hao's head in the sky, a huge soul shadow appeared across the sky and the earth. At a glance, it turned out to be a dazzling illusion!

The blue holy light shone on the earth, and countless people only felt that the calm heart suddenly felt a little restless, violent and murderous.

Lucifer's angel's soul shadow emerged. She was like a god's mansion, standing in the sky. A single frown or a smile could destroy the sky and the earth. The whole body was like a perfect art piece carefully carved by an angel, perfect!

This soul shadow is in the top ranks in both appearance and strength!

"Blue Saint Mang?"

"Killing Soul... Lucifer?"

Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly as he stared at the unrivaled angel shadow in the sky in disbelief!

At this moment, Xiao Yan was not doing any unnecessary actions.

The Soul of Slaughter is just a shadow of Lucifer contains a trace of original power, but it is this power that makes Xiao Yan seem to be facing the end of the world, and countless powers are instantly frozen at this moment. , Unable to display, that kind of oppression, indescribable!

This guy is definitely the deadliest opponent Xiao Yan has ever encountered so far!

Even the Lord of Soul Eater, the Demon Emperor, etc. cannot confront it head-on!

I am afraid that only the Thunder Lord who has successfully reincarnated and the Golden Dragon King who has recovered his strength can fight against it!

Soul of Slaughter, Lucifer, what kind of tyrannical existence is this?

Above all things?

The first person under the mansion?

Xiao Yan didn't know, it was just the demonic power in his body, the unprecedented ferocity and scorching heat, and an aura that was fearless and fearless emerged!

That feeling seems to want to compete with Soul of Slaughter! ! !

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . 4 novel network mobile version reading website: