Chapter Vol 4 933: talk to flaming

"Come out." After a while, Yan Chi said a little directly to the void on the side of the conference room.

"Junior Xiao Yan, I have seen senior." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he was no longer hiding and came out of the void. However, Xiao Yan had just come here, and he did not listen to the previous conversation between Mu Yingying and Yan Chi. go in.

"Listen to Fen Tian, ​​you have a great contribution to the plan to save me this time." Yan Chi looked at Xiao Yan with a good complexion in front of him, looked up and down and then said.

"Junior is only doing his best, everything is due to the pavilion master." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he naturally shied away.

This Yanchi is said to be a strong man in Fentian's era, and with the addition of holy flame, I am afraid that Fentian may not be able to defeat.

"Not arrogant or impetuous, but a good seedling."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"But this is the second time I've seen that old fellow from Fen Tian praise a disciple so much." Yan Chi turned his head and said to Xiao Yan.

"The second time?" Xiao Yan exclaimed when he heard the words.

"That's right, the second time, the first time should be the guy from decades ago." Yan Chi said.

"That guy?" Xiao Yan said loudly.

"Fen Tian practiced everywhere before inheriting the position of Fenxiang Pavilion's pavilion master. During one experience, he once adopted a stray child."

"Since that child has followed Fentian, he has shown an astonishing talent for cultivation. Even if he is as arrogant as Fentian, he can't compare."

"In addition to having a good character, I was soon taught by burning incense."

"Since then, that adopted son was regarded by Fen Tian as his own, and he was raised at all costs."

"However, in the previous sect competition, he fell sadly."

"The reason for the fall is still unknown. After all, the fall was in the place where the sect was tested, so it is still in the dark."

"For this reason, Fen Tian didn't hesitate to make a fuss about the Xuanling royal family three times, beheading a lot of powerhouses in the Xuanling royal family."

"In addition, our Burning Incense Pavilion and the Medusa family have a good relationship, and the Xuanling Royal Family and the Medusa family are mortal enemies, so our Burning Incense Pavilion and the Xuanling Royal Family are also deadly enemies." Yan Chi said.

"There is still such a secret..."

"I just don't know how that senior fell..." Xiao Yan said.

"This is not clear. The disciple's name is Yin Tong, but in Fen Tian's last search, he found some clues about the Xuanling royal family."

"This time in the sect competition, if it is possible, let him give him the truth."

"After all, that place is too strong for Fen Tian's level of suppression. When Fen Tian entered rashly, he also suffered some hidden diseases." Yan Chi said slowly.

"Junior will naturally try his best." Through the conversation, Xiao Yan knew that it seemed that Yin Tong had fallen in the place where the last sect competition was held. As for the specific truth of the fall, I am afraid they still need to investigate this time.

"But then again."

"Are you the Xiao Yan who made my sister fascinated..."

"The strength of the Seven-Star Dou Di in the early stage is to possess the Fire Heart Tianyan." Only at this moment did Yan Chi carefully remember that Xiao Yan seemed to be the guy Mu Yingying was talking about.

"Senior, Mu Yingying, she..." Xiao Yan seemed to be hesitant to speak.

"I was originally a human being converted from Sheng Yan, she is my sister, what do you think?" Yan Chi slowly shook his head.

"But she is also my partner." Xiao Yan heard the words, the big stone in his heart suddenly fell, and then said softly.

"A friend or a partner."

"In a few days, I will take her back." Yan Chi refused.

"fair enough."

"The human world is inherently vicious."

"Faced with the treasure of heaven and earth like Shengyan, not many people can't be jealous." Xiao Yan heard that, although he was reluctant to part, he was relieved when he thought of Xun'er and Cailin.

"What the **** is this kid doing?" Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, Yan Chi couldn't help but mutter.

"However, before you leave, seniors, let the juniors heal the wounds in your body."

"This is also a little bit of my affection for Mu Yingying." Xiao Yan said with a smile, relying on his perception and what Mu Feng said before, Xiao Yan knew that there was something wrong with Yan Chi.

"Well, that's fine."

"But if you want to heal me, I'm afraid you can't do it now." Yan Chi thought for a while, and then spoke slowly.

"Why did the senior say this?" Xiao Yan asked in confusion.

"In half a year, I will be in the sect competition. If I want to truly heal me, I'm afraid I need something from the sect competition." Yan Chi shook his head.

"Junior wrote it down." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, since Yan Chi had said so, how could Xiao Yan not understand.

"So in the next period of time, you should cultivate well. Before the sect competition starts, I will tell you about the precautions and the thing that healed me." Yan Chi said.

"Mu Yingying she..." Xiao Yan nodded secretly, then he didn't notice Mu Yingying, so he spoke immediately.

"Xiao Yan, you have a lot of hidden aura on your body. I can feel that you are very extraordinary, and your future achievements are probably limitless."

"Yingying is just an ordinary girl. As a brother, I don't want her to be involved in these things."

"You... do you understand?" Yan Chi said earnestly.

"Senior is right, but Mu Yingying and I are companions, but we can only be companions." Xiao Yan said with a relieved smile.

Although Xiao Yan knew what Mu Yingying was thinking about him, he was a married man, so he couldn't be sorry for Xun'er and Cailin, or if these two people knew, Xiao Yan would probably only be reduced to sleeping in a woodshed in the future.

However, Xiao Yan still respects Yan Chi quite a bit, and Xiao Yan is relieved that Mu Yingying has such a brother.

"Go down."

"Mu Yingying is in the small forest outside. If you want to see her, then go and see her." Yan Chi struggled for a while, but couldn't help but say.

Originally, Yanchi didn't intend to let Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying meet again, but when she thought of Mu Yingying's desperate eyes, she became weaken. "Xiao Yan heard the words, said goodbye to Yan Chi gently, and then walked towards Mu Yingying's direction.

At this time, in Xiao Yan's acceptance of the ring, the Golden Dragon King sensed the aura of Yan Chi in front of him, and he also had a smile on his face, but for some reasons, he could not meet with Xiao Yan and Yan Chi.

"This volatility..."

"Is it from the Xiao family?"

"Could it be that someone escaped from the center of the human world?" The next moment, the Golden Dragon King flashed golden light all over his body, and two vague figures slowly appeared in the Najie.

The two figures are like chasing the stars and the moon, as if one person is chasing and killing another person to escape!

"How could the people of the Xiao clan be hunted down by the law enforcers in the center of the human world..." And the master of the soul eater in the soul eater also spoke slowly.

"Looking like this, that guy should be able to hold on for some time, but it won't be long before he will come to Xuan Santian's side."

"It seems that I can't stay in Xiao Yan's body anymore. I have to help this guy revive his ancestors, and then go to rescue the Xiao clan guy, and then bring the two Xiao clan people back to the dragon clan." After the Golden Dragon King finished, Suddenly, some halal seeds flowed out of his mouth, and then they were placed in a very delicate jade, and placed in a very conspicuous place in the ring, and then they calmed down.

When there is a new challenge, you can go in later in this chapter, give more likes every day, and it will become a starting point coin red envelope to be distributed to everyone, and a monthly ticket will also send a starting point roll, don't miss it!

From the 28th to around New Year's Day, I will try my best to explode~