Chapter Vol 4 1877: Come uninvited, the conspiracy of the demon Xuanzong!

Butterfly Valley is a very beautiful and soft special area. It is located in the center of a basin surrounded by dozens of mountains. The surrounding buildings are made of wood and are divided into upper and lower layers. The lower layer is based on soil and rocks. The architectural style of houses is similar to that of human beings, and above it, there are trees, like elves. This is the residence of Butterfly Valley powerhouses, and it is also the base camp of Butterfly Valley. As for the bottom, there are some sparse and ordinary The monsters live.

At this time, on the second floor, inside a lush tree house, there is green everywhere, a strange building in the shape of a butterfly, and the rich classical fragrance renders it like the residence of the fairy of flowers.

"Die Qi, where are they going now?" At this time, two human female figures stood slowly in the butterfly house. Their words and deeds were extremely elegant, but a phantom behind them danced like butterflies, which was quite strange. And on top of their hair, there are butterflies of different colors perched on them, which are quite strange.

"Return to the Valley Master, according to the past practice, I am afraid they will arrive today."

"But now Yaoxuanzong has captured many monsters on the first floor of Butterfly Valley, I'm worried..." The woman hesitated. After all, the so-called Yaoxuanzong came from the Ten Thousand Demons Kingdom. The number of strong people is still ambition, and they are much more tyrannical than their Butterfly Valley.

"Send someone to pick up Die Qi and them, and in a few days, the ancestor will come forward and have a good talk with Yao Xuanzong."

"And it's almost time for us to set off for the Myriad Demon Nation." As soon as the words fell, calm was restored here.

A few hours later, Xiao Yan's caravan also slowly arrived at Butterfly Valley.

"What a beautiful Butterfly Valley..." Xiao Yan stood at the entrance of the Butterfly Valley, looking at the lifelike wooden butterfly statues, looking at the ingenious craftsmanship of this building, and couldn't help but envy.

Although the buildings in the demon world are similar to those in the human world, they have a little more spiritual energy and a touch of delicacy than the human world, which is not found in the human world.

"Let's go." After Shunxi, the caravan was led by He Lei towards the warehouse on the first floor of Butterfly Valley, and Xiao Yan also followed Die Qi logically and headed towards the Butterfly Valley Base Camp.

The first floor of the Butterfly Valley is not much different from the cities among human beings. The bustling downtown, auction houses, mercenary unions, etc. are all available, and people come and go, which is quite lively.

"Miss Dieqi is back?"

"Is this line going well?"

"..." Xiao Yan followed Dieqi through the noisy downtown like a tourist, and was greeted by many passing monsters along the way, but he responded kindly to each of them. Said, this made Xiao Yan's evaluation of this girl skyrocket a lot for a while. Although this Die Qi is quite weak in combat, it also has her advantages.

"It seems that you are very popular in the Butterfly Valley." Xiao Yan said jokingly as he walked to a quiet path, the figures gradually disappeared.

"Nothing, it's all a gift to show love. By the way, there seems to be something not simple about you... But a supernatural being like me is still pretty simple." Die Qi nodded lightly, Xiao There is always a faint oppression swept out of Yan's body. This kind of oppression is definitely not something that ordinary monsters can have. Seeing that there are few people around, he couldn't help asking curiously.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan responded, but this Dieqi has a very good way of dealing with people, that is, treating people with sincerity. In the future, for some reason, this girl became the ruler of the demon world.

"Let's go, the owner of the valley should be very happy to see you." After a sound, the two followed a wooden vine and slowly walked towards the wooden house where the core members of Butterfly Valley lived.

"Miss, are you back?"

"Is it going well all the way?" As soon as they entered the second floor of Butterfly Valley, a shrewd guard surrounded them with a smile on their faces.

"Well, it went well. I encountered some dangers on the way, but fortunately, there is this guy who shot, is the owner of the valley here, I will take this guy over there." Die Qi said softly.

"The owner of the valley has been waiting in the hall for a long time, and it seems that I have something to look for you."

"Miss, this way please." After speaking, he made a gesture of please.

"Captain, it's not good."

"Yao Xuanzong has another powerhouse coming to make trouble, and dozens of us have been injured in succession. What should we do now?" Just as Die Qi and Xiao Yan lifted their feet and moved, a hurried sound of breaking wind came from Attacked from behind.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"It's all the arrogant elites from our respective forces, who are fighting to be strong all day long, so..." Die Qi shook his head.

"Captain, the guy here this time is led by the second elder of Yaoxuan Sect, and he is aggressive. It seems that it is not just for exchanges, but also in the training ground. Come and see!" The guard said urgently.

"Okay, I'll go right now, sorry, Miss, I can't take you there."

"Let's go!" As soon as the voice fell, the two went directly in the opposite direction of the Guzhu's residence.

"We..." Die Qi said in a low voice, looking at Xiao Yan's motionless appearance.

"Let's go, go take a look, I'm afraid this old guy is here for Xuanyi's business." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"But the matter of Xuanyi is not strictly matched, and it will not be revealed..." Die Qi seemed to be quite puzzled and doubted.

"Hey, let's go." Xiao Yan didn't say much, and directly followed the two captains of the guards towards the training ground. Die Qi probably didn't know much about the world. Xiao Yan believed that Yao Xuanzong would not let it go so easily. excuse.

Not far away, in an open field at the edge of Butterfly Valley, several burly men are guarding here, but at this time, there are already dozens of people with weak breaths, while on the other side, there are only three. people.

The three are headed, dressed in white and slim, and the old face shows his power that is completely different from the figures around him. In addition, there are two young men, but the violent demons on these two men are like As bright as the sun.

"Die Lan, if the younger generation of your Butterfly Valley has such strength, I'm afraid it will be difficult for you to manage the land of Butterfly Valley."

"In my opinion, it's better to hand over this territory to us. In the future, all the monsters will also remember your Butterfly Valley's righteous actions What do you think?" The old man spoke slowly, his voice full of sarcasm.

"You bastard!" As soon as the voice fell, a middle-aged woman in the field hurriedly helped the injured people aside, and immediately became very angry.

"Fourth elders, it is absolutely impossible!"

"The younger generation's discussion is based on affection and reason. If you do it, I'm afraid it will cause grievances between the two forces." Just as the cold demon aura spread out from the woman's body, the guard beside her hurriedly persuaded.

"Are you invincible in the Butterfly Valley?"

"Butterfly Valley, it's just like that." At this time, the two men beside the white clothed old man said extremely arrogantly and domineeringly, and the proud expressions seemed to have no fear.

"Let me try it." Before the two figures fell, a soft laughter spread from a distance.

"Oh..." Just listening to the voice, the white clothed old man from Yaoxuan Sect and Diegu Die Lan looked at the source of the voice for a while, because the voice alone contained a terrifying power that was enough to make them face it!