Chapter 671: The mighty dead beast, the night cat

"Strange, this Boundless Mountain can't see any dead beast?"

"I heard from the master before that there are the fewest dead beasts in this Boundless Mountain, but they are the most powerful. It's really strange that they haven't encountered any dead beasts after walking for so long." Qin Xin said slowly Tun Tun walked.

After all, this Boundless Mountain can't see five fingers, and the visibility is extremely low, so thanks to Qinxin's strength, she can only move carefully.

However, as Qinxin went deeper and deeper, she could clearly feel the unusualness of this Boundless Mountain.

"There's no breath here..." In the next moment, Qin Xin shook her head, and then looked at the top of the Boundless Mountain through the white smoke.

"It seems that the rulers in this Boundless Mountain should be planning something as the master said..." Qin Xin's eyes narrowed slightly, and she said quite arrogantly.

"Haha, she's really a little beauty." Just when Qinxin hesitated, the space breakthrough three meters in front of Qinxin trembled slightly, and then a slender figure stepped out of it.

"Who?" What a terrifying perception Qinxin has, when the voice just appeared, she burst into a drink!

Because this figure vaguely made Qinxin feel a rather uncomfortable suppression!

This kind of feeling can only be found by a dozen or so enemies who are stronger than him. With such a terrifying suppression right now, I am afraid that the strength of this enemy is at least the level of a seven-star fighting emperor.

"You don't need to know who I am."

"What you need to know is that you can't enter here."

"Go back and forth from where you came from." That enchanting figure was the night cat who was guarding the mouth of Wuliang Mountain before.

"What if I say no?" Qin Xin became slightly vigilant, because this extremely enchanting woman exuded an extremely fierce aura, which made people feel uncomfortable all of a sudden.

This woman's hands and feet are extremely special, not like humans at all. Her ears are like cat-like ears, and as for the back of her body, she has a fluffy cat tail.

"Then I can only ask you to go out!" Night Cat snorted immediately!

The reason why Ye Cat is so polite to Qin Xin is because the owner is at a critical moment and must not be disturbed by others. On the other hand, Ye Cat, by virtue of his own strength of the Seven Star Dou Di, is able to escape from this Qin Xin. Xin felt a sense of unease.

This feeling is extremely strong, presumably there must be something in this Qinxin that makes the night cat fear.

"Humph!"

"What kind of shameful conspiracy is your Wuliangshan doing, don't think I don't know!" Qin Xin immediately let out a coquettish anger.

"Then I can't leave you." Ye Cat's cat's eye full of spirituality moved, and then five sharp claws emerged directly from the palm of his hand, and then without hesitation, he shot directly at Qin Xin. !

"Shabu Shabu!" Qinxin's appearance is outstanding, and her strength is quite extraordinary.

When the night cat appeared just now, Qinxin was deliberately on guard, but now the night cat suddenly exploded and launched an attack, and the figure moved suddenly, instantly avoiding the fatal blow of the night cat!

However, although Qinxin avoided the fatal blow of the night cat, the remaining space was the chef's trembling!

The terrifying power in the attack of the night cat just now caused an extremely strong vibration in this space!

"Go!" Qin Xin is worthy of being the proud disciple of the young and old, just dodging Ye Cat's terrifying blow, her whole body's strength suddenly emerged, then condensed in her hand, and shot at Ye Cat!

"Boom boom boom!" Ye Cat didn't panic at all when he saw this, but his eyes became sharper. Then the two cats grabbed his chest and tried to defend against Xia Qinxin's attack with the strength of his Seven Star Dou Di. !

"This guy... is really arrogant." Seeing this, Qin Xin couldn't help but not relax, instead it became heavier!

The reason why this night cat dared to take his own attack so hard is because of his strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor!

"Humph!"

"Your strength is a little tricky!" Ye Cat took Qin Xin's seemingly terrifying blow at will, and then said with disdain.

Although this Qinxin is as beautiful as a flower, her strength at best is only in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, and the latter stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor and the Seven-Star Dou Emperor are not at the same level at all.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"That's not necessarily true." In the next moment, Qinxin laughed from the picture, with a little danger in her smile.

"Well?" Ye Cat saw this and was about to launch an attack to capture Qinxin, but unexpectedly Qinxin suddenly took something out of her hand.

Qinxin slowly took out a yellow scroll from the ring with beautiful patterns engraved on her small finger.

The yellow scroll is like a container that absorbs a huge amount of power. It just appeared, and the night cat's pupils shrank tightly.

"Not good!" Ye Cat seemed to realize that he underestimated the enemy, and immediately shouted, and then the power of the sky suddenly burst out, trying to suppress Qin Xin!

"late!"

"Yantian Hand!" Qinxin smiled slightly, and then moved her finger, and the yellow scroll containing enormous power was instantly opened!

The yellow scroll was just opened, and suddenly a huge flame-like palm slowly took shape!

The flame palm just took shape, and suddenly the smoke around it receded slightly.

"Go!" Qinxin's eyes narrowed, and she immediately controlled the Yantian hand to attack the night cat!

Yantian Hand, a high-level fighting skill of the immortal rank, with flames as the main force, the peak of cultivation can once cover the sky with one hand!

However, the summer hand that Qinxin used was clearly carried by the one-time fighting skill scroll!

"Damn it!" Seeing this, Ye Cat roared away at him with this huge hand in the sky. The scorching fire waves and the terrifying destructive power in it, he could only put aside his other thoughts and deal with it attentively!

"Darkness!" Night Cat called out slightly, and suddenly there was a gap of three feet in the space in front of him.

The three-zhang-sized gap seemed to be connected to some mysterious place Qin Xin could vaguely sense an evil force from it, and then Ye Cat made a secret gesture towards the gap.

"Energy surges!" The next moment, it seemed that the gesture was successful, and then the night cat drank it, and suddenly a black beam of light piercing the sky suddenly burst out from the gap of 30 feet!

The black beam of light was like a cloud-piercing arrow, piercing the tranquility of this boundless mountain, and then suddenly hit Qinxin's one-time fighting skill scroll, Yantian's hand!

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as the two came into contact, the hot waves of fire spread out, and the night cat and Qinxin were both pouring power into them, trying to defeat their opponents with this blow!

At this time, the position of Qinxin and Ye Mao was already halfway up the mountainside of Wuliang Mountain. The terrifying fluctuation immediately made Xiao Yan and the two who were still advancing slowly find out.

"What kind of fluctuation is this..." Xiao Yan was naturally the first to notice the terrifying fluctuation in the Boundless Mountain. He immediately raised his head and looked at the halfway of the Boundless Mountain. Where there seemed to be extremely strong flame energy, it was clearly where someone was fighting. !

"The flame power, it seems that we should be the people who burned the incense. According to my estimation, it should be a few guys from the ground team, but I don't know who they are." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, there was a hint of doubt in her eyes.

Is there any danger for the people of this team?

With such terrifying fluctuations, the opponent's strength will definitely not be low!

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan heard the words, he didn't have time to stop, the speed of the figure exploded, and he walked towards the halfway up the mountain!

Ask for tickets!