Chapter Vol 4 1800: The tide of battle is reversed!

"Hey!" Just when the Dark Underworld was less than tens of meters away from the White Protector and the others, two hurried winds broke out. Suddenly the Dark Underworld seemed to be attracted by some force, and stood on the original ground. On the ground, his dark pupils looked at the two inconspicuous figures under his feet.

"Red Flame Sea of ​​Fire!" With a cold snort, a fiery red flame surrounded the dark underworld master. Although this level of flame did not hinder him in any way, it attracted all his attention and let him escape from Xiao Yan. I smelled a special odor.

That kind of breath can only be possessed by the real overlord of the dark plane. Even if it is changed to the human world, only the reincarnation powerhouse can possess it, so it has been stagnant for a while.

"Who?" In the blink of an eye, the surging underworld warrior who could obliterate Protector Bai and the others was actually stopped by a nameless generation, and Hunyan and Hunhun Wuji looked at the ground with cold eyes.

"Xiao Yan?" In just such an instant, under the watchful eyes of the two hall masters, the dazzling soul power directly let Xiao Yan's disguise be self-defeating. The camouflage in front of it is also like playing a family.

"Has it been discovered?" Xiao Yan sneered and waved at the two hall masters of Soul Wuji, but the severe oppression on their bodies caused Xiao Yan a lot of prestige.

"Come here, catch him for me!" Seeing Xiao Yan's expression like a clown who was not afraid of death, Soul Wuji snorted coldly.

Now with the appearance of the Dark Underworld, Soul Yan can't get out and must control the Dark Underworld at all times, and he can't act rashly in order to guard against White Protector and Marr, but Xiao Yan is already on the list of their Soul Palace. , I am afraid it is a great gift for them!

"Boom!" Immediately, several six-star Dou Xian's soul palace powerhouses roared away at Xiao Yan with a fierce offensive like poisonous snakes.

"Almost." Xiao Yan smiled at Ji Xuan in the black robe behind him, and Ji Xuan also responded.

"Susu..."

"Heaven has a way, you don't go, **** has no door to break in." The digital six-star fighting immortals did not hesitate, and the black mist filled their bodies, and a chain of pitch-black chains roared out of their bodies, facing Xiao with the momentum of thunder. Yan roared away.

"A big gift for you!"

"Next!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled strangely at him, and his figure quickly retreated.

"Wooden tree wrapped around the world!" With a light snort, a dazzling green aura filled the surroundings of the dark underworld warrior. For a time, the attacks of several soul palace powerhouses were actually stopped by him, and then one towering tree appeared one by one. The bottom of this nest is filled with a lot.

"Who?" Aware of this sudden wood-attribute energy, several soul palace powerhouses are currently Senhan and vigilant.

"Brother Xiao Yan, it's up to you next." Ji Xuan finished speaking, and under the ground around him, huge green branches accompanied the trees, cracking from under the ground, entangling Ji Xuan, and immediately his power was in The speed skyrocketed, and he was instantly entangled with those soul palace powerhouses.

This seemingly unremarkable guy, his combat power is as perverted as Xiao Yan?

The power of one person temporarily entangled several six-star fighting immortal-level powerhouses?

"This guy's strength is only in the early stage of five-star fighting immortals on weekdays. At this time, he can temporarily possess the late stage power of six-star fighting immortals. It seems that he is also a guy who should not be underestimated."

"But compared to these, it's still this guy." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he followed the spread of the flames and climbed to the head of the Dark Underworld. At that time, an awe-inspiring aura of death filled Xiao Yan's body.

Now the power of sin has collapsed, but what Xiao Yan has to do now is to temporarily help sin, because the Holy See powerhouse has not come yet, once sin completely collapses, I am afraid that the devil fruit will also become the possession of the soul palace, so In any case, Xiao Yan and Ji Xuan also wanted to give it a try.

"What the **** is this guy doing?" At this moment, Hun Wuji and Gamma were at a stalemate, and when Hun Yan was about to control the dark underworld master to obliterate everyone, seeing Xiao Yan's strange scene, he couldn't help but be surprised. A bad omen flashed from the bottom of my heart.

"Big guy." Xiao Yan just climbed in front of the head of the dark underworld warrior, looked at the dark underworld warrior under the protection of the heavy black armor, and smiled lightly, but this guy's strength is probably comparable to the human eight-star fighting immortal level. For a while, Xiao Yan was suppressed by an inexplicable force all over his body, and the pressure increased greatly.

"Boom!" With a loud voice, the Dark Underworld shuddered proudly, and a dark force spread out from his body like a tide, and immediately scattered Xiao Yan, as if he wanted to wipe out this tiny ant with one blow.

"Weng Om Om!" At this moment, the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler behind Xiao Yan also burst out with a dark energy that he had never seen before, which easily protected Xiao Yan from the erosion of this energy tide. Standing quietly like a stubborn stone on his shoulder, his eyes suddenly turned into the deepest dark color!

There is no luster, just like the deepest dark **** that has fallen, it is extremely eerie!

"Crash!" It's just that the other powerhouses are not so lucky. The dark tide has just been released, and the bottom of the entire nest has become like an erupting volcano, shaking violently, and the originally strong branches above the evil tree have become splendid. When it fell, only the crown of the tree remained motionless. As for other Soul Hall powerhouses and sinners, they also received different degrees of prestige.

Countless trees at the bottom of the nest are growing wildly, and under Ji Xuan's control, they are constantly entangled and condensed In addition to the attack of the dark tide, countless dark breaths and green vitality completely cover this place, and even the air changes. For a special form mixed with death and vitality!

"Hehe... Dark Underworld?"

"The underworld was originally a part of the Xiao Clan. Using the Summoning Fighting Skill in front of the descendants of the Xiao Clan is beyond your own power... But the light and sacred aura outside this lair is too strong. I have a soul remnant in this area, I'm afraid some..."

"It doesn't matter, let's go through the place in front of you successfully first. Soul Palace, sin, it's really interesting." At this time, Xiao Yan's body fingered Emperor Yan's ring, and a sarcastic laughter seemed to come from waking up from a deep sleep. The ancient emperor, that kind of breath, seems to contain some kind of Sanskrit sound that purifies the dirt of the world, whether it is the evil dark power or other forces, in this Sanskrit sound, it completely disappears.

"Huhu!" At this time, Xiao Yan looked very strange. Sweat flowed down from Xiao Yan's head like raindrops frantically, instantly soaking Xiao Yan's clothes, and Xiao Yan also underwent a very strange transformation. !

Because at this time Xiao Yan, with the emergence of black pupils, gently lifted the head of the dark underworld on the pale palm.

It's like the ancient emperor is giving his courtiers rewards, and it's like the loyal and honest ministers salute the ancient emperor!

Covered by black light, the entire space was scorched red. At this moment, countless people looked at the dark underworld and Xiao Yan in astonishment, and a throbbing appeared at the bottom of their hearts!