Chapter Vol 4 1670: 4 Soul Zun!

"What is this..." Xiao Yan's figure quickly moved away, and immediately a tyrannical flame enveloped himself, the little beast and the unconscious little Zhuoma.

"..." The little beast is like a porcelain doll, desperately protecting the little Zhuoma, occasionally turning away Xiao Yan, feeling that Xiao Yan has no malicious intentions, he is relieved, but it seems to be more real, it is obvious that he can see this The little guy seems to have an unspeakable secret about the little Dolma.

"Gulugulu!" As Mu Wushuang's voice fell, his soul body and even all of his power exploded in this void in an instant, bursts of black mist, paving the way from the void, converged into a dark blood road , the endless gloomy ghosts fill the blood road, as if welcoming the return of a strong man.

"Mu Wushuang, you did a good job, leave it to me next, after the event is complete, you will be in the hall." A gloomy voice emerged from the end of the **** path composed of dark ghosts.

At the same time, a shadowy figure appeared at the end of the **** road, and even when this figure appeared, a sense of awe appeared in everyone's heart.

"Six Star Fighting Immortals?" Xiao Yan frowned upon seeing this, obviously aware of the strength of this gloomy man, and said in surprise.

You must know that this Undying Holy Tan can only accommodate the powerhouses of the early stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, and the strength of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal. How could it be possible to enter here.

"No, this guy is not the body, but just a trace of the origin. I'm afraid this is the special method of the Soul Palace." You Er shook his head.

"You know?" Xiao Yan asked.

"I know some." You Er said.

"Crash!" With a sound, the gloomy man collapsed into the air and came directly into this space.

"It's really delicious, Sheng Yan." The figure just arrived here, and suddenly said with a rather evil voice.

"My subordinates thank the Four Souls!" Mu Wushuang, who had only the last trace of his origin, turned into a meteor and immersed in the latter's body.

"Is this inside the Undying Fire..."

"The powerhouses above the early stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal cannot enter, but I still have to thank the four demon guards. Without your leadership, the powerhouses of our Soul Palace would not be able to enter here, let alone use the 'Soul Scroll' to bring me a trace of my origin. Get in here!"

"Susu!" The figure that just appeared was also shrouded in black robes, but this guy's figure was extremely illusory, giving people an inexplicable fear.

"Soul scroll, it's really worth it." Seeing this, Irene shook her head slightly. Soul scroll is an extremely precious space scroll. It can be used and its strength is extremely outstanding.

"Soul Palace Four Soul Venerable..." Xiao Yan murmured.

Until now, Xiao Yan could be sure that the ghost kingdom and the so-called Soul Clan Soul Palace on the Dou Di Continent definitely had some hidden secrets, or that they were one power after all.

The so-called Twelve Souls of the Soul Palace are not outstanding in strength, but on the basis of having a certain strength, holding a certain position in the Soul Palace, or controlling a certain special power, can win this honor. .

The strength and status of the Twelve Souls are from high to low, the Great Soul is the strongest, and so on, and the Four Souls, I am afraid that they also have a very terrifying position in the Soul Palace.

"It's just some ants, it's good to fall together." The four demon guards shrugged and smiled when they saw this. Obviously, the so-called Four Souls were like playing a family in their eyes.

The four demon guards and the three five-star fighting immortals had the strength in the early stage. The guy who just took the lead was superior to the five-star fighting immortal early stage, and just one step away, he reached the middle five-star fighting immortal stage.

"Hahaha!"

"The strength of the demon guards is extraordinary, but this undead fire, our Soul Palace will not give it to you easily, and the strong ones among your demon guards are not here, the four demon guards in the mere want to compete with me, but there are differences. Actually." Four Souls respected with a slight smile.

"Sharp teeth and sharp mouths!" The four demon guards snorted coldly.

"so……"

"Soul Road, Return to Heaven!" At the next moment, the Four Soul Venerable did not hesitate, the strange power on the body permeated, and directly transformed into a dark blood road. Above the blood road, a huge black chain eroded the mind and slowed down. emerge slowly.

"It's just some lonely ghosts, a little trick."

"Dawn of light, ripples shine!" Seeing this, the leading demon guard disapproved and sneered, his whole body filled with aura of light.

Following this sudden scene, the powerhouses of the other four courtyards were stunned for a moment. Obviously, they did not understand the current situation of the Demon Guard and the Soul Hall.

"Yes... is it?"

"Suffer to death!"

"Lock the soul!" Seeing this, the Four Soul Venerable roared with an extremely hot wave in his heart.

"Boom!" With the sudden scene, the four demon guards were immediately restrained by the Four Souls.

"This girl, are you alright?" Taking advantage of the fierce aftermath of the battle, Irene gently came to the little beast, as if she wanted to wake up little Zhuoma, but the little beast stared at her vigilantly and felt extremely uncomfortable.

"This girl should be fine, but I don't know what Mu Wushuang did to her, and she has been in a coma." Xiao Yan said carelessly, looking at the strange shadows in Wuzhi Mountain as he spoke, there seemed to be something there. Calling Xiao Yan, and the source of this fluctuation is the undead leaf and the undead ghost!

"Be careful." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his eyes became hot.

Now the situation has become a mess However, Xiao Yan has several treasures in his possession, and he can use this chaotic situation to enter the Wuzhi Mountain formation to find the immortal fire. Such opportunities are fleeting.

"It's too dangerous." After a while, seeing Xiao Yan's resolute gaze, Irene said quite worried.

"Don't worry, trust me." Xiao Yan didn't have any fear about this, but smiled at him. He knew that the fire of immortality was extremely dangerous, but if he obtained it, the increase in himself would probably be far beyond his imagination. is worth it.

"Xiao Yan, let's go, I will help you!" After a while, Irene's beautiful eyes softened and she smiled slowly.

"Thank you!" Xiao Yan clasped his fists and said, and his figure suddenly burst out, shooting towards Wuzhi Mountain.

"not good!"

"Xiao Yan wants to get there first, stop him!" Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, the other strong men couldn't help roaring.

"Boom!" Lightning-like attacks filed towards Xiao Yan. .

"Water Curtain Ceiling!" A coquettish roar sounded in mid-air, followed by a huge water curtain as large as a hundred feet. The water curtain easily dispelled these attacks, and Irene's breath became weak. , Obviously this level of fighting skills consumed nearly 90% of her fighting spirit.

"Xiao Yan, I hope the teacher is right, you will be the savior of this great world." As soon as the voice fell, Irene was dying. Just when everyone tried to kill her, the figure of this figure became illusory and dissipated in the After arriving here, it was obvious that they had left the Holy Tan of the Undead, but no one noticed that the little beast and the little Zhuoma also entered the Wuzhi Mountain formation with Xiao Yan.