Chapter Vol 4 1110: join in

"So to say……"

"Ghost Moon Well can still help us advance to Dou Immortal?" And Xiao Yan couldn't help being shocked after hearing Qing's writing.

No matter what, Xiao Yan just wanted to take a look at the magic of the Ghost Moon Well, and if he could break through the Fighting Immortals in the Ghost Moon Well, it would be the best of both worlds, so why not do it.

"It's absolutely true." Qing Wen smiled when he saw Xiao Yan so surprised.

If it were an ordinary person, I am afraid that Qing Wen would not be so polite, but Xiao Yan was different.

The strength of this guy should still be at the Dou Emperor level. To be able to completely kill the half-immortal Yu family leader with the Dou Emperor level, his strength is probably very tyrannical, and Xiao Yan also said that he has been trained away from home, presumably from the ghost world. The young master of one of the big families.

There are many friends and many paths, not to mention this kind of tyrannical friend, Qing Wen is naturally willing to make friends.

"Master, the outside world only knows the legend that Guiyuejing can see the beloved, but they don't know that Guiyuejing can break through the shackles of Emperor Dou, you are like this..." And as Qingwen explained this matter one by one Tell Xiao Yan that the two subordinates are also Wei Nuonuo.

"Little brother Xiao Yan saved Qing'er, I am in charge of this matter."

"If something happens, I'll be responsible." Qing Wen was gentle and elegant, not angry, and smiled.

"Brother Clerk is really well-mannered." Seeing this, Xiao Yan also laughed.

"How about it, do you want to join us?"

"Only the three factions know about the passage into the Ghost Moon Well." Qingwen asked.

"Three forces?" Xiao Yan asked slightly when he heard the words.

"This is the territory of Li Soul Territory, but it is Li Soul Territory-Ghost State-Ghost King City."

"And these three forces are the three forces in Ghost King City."

"Our Qing family, the Yu family who just fought with you, and a Lei family." Qing Wen said.

"How about the strength of the other two?" But Xiao Yan nodded secretly when he heard the words. Obviously, he killed a semi-immortal strong man in such a place, and I am afraid that he has already been discovered.

"The Lei family is the weakest, and the Yu family is slightly stronger than our Qing family." The Qing paper also said one by one.

"And if you killed the captain of their Yu Family Guard, I'm afraid they will miss you."

"Why don't you stay with us for a while."

"Although the Yu family is strong and powerful, but with us here, they won't do anything out of the ordinary." After a while, Qing'er walked over gently, and Bei's lips opened lightly.

"Uh..." And listening to this voice like the sound of nature, the two guards of the Qing family couldn't help but be confused.

Qing'er is the eldest young lady of their Qing family. She is extremely talented and talented, and her appearance is also very delicate, but she is extremely silent, and it is rare for their eldest young lady to take the initiative to speak for her.

"Brother, do you think it is..." Qing'er said hurriedly when she seemed to find that the eyes of the three of them became surprised.

"Yes Yes Yes."

"I don't know what the little brother thinks?" And Qingwen's smart eyes knew his sister's thoughts in a short time, and then laughed.

"Alright." Xiao Yan heard the words, nodded slowly, and motioned to join them.

After all, he had just arrived in the ghost world, he was unfamiliar with life, and he killed a half-immortal from the Yu family, so I am afraid there must be some trouble, although Xiao Yan is not afraid of trouble.

"By the way, where can I buy medicinal materials around here?" Xiao Yan asked after a while.

"Medicine."

"Ghost King City is not far from Ghost King Ridge. When Ghost Moon Well is over this time, little brother Xiao Yan can enter Ghost King City to buy medicinal materials."

"And little brother, you are very lucky, there will be a quite grand auction in Ghost King City soon." Qing Wen said.

"So it is." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he was relieved. Since this was the way to go, there was nothing to worry about.

"Little brother Xiao Yan is tired from the battle just now, so let's rest first."

"Tomorrow we will go to Ghost Moon Well." After Qing Wenwen finished speaking, she went directly to the unconscious two Yu family's subordinates, as if she wanted to find out something.

When Xiao Yan saw this, he immediately walked around and walked into a tent, closing his eyes and resting.

"Brother..." And as Xiao Yan left, Qing'er also spoke slightly, very quietly.

"how?"

"The eldest young lady in our Ghost King City who can't be chased by countless geniuses, is now actually moved by this guy?" Seeing this, Qing Wen couldn't help laughing.

"Brother, don't talk nonsense."

"I always feel that he has a lot of secrets..." Qing'er glanced at the tent where Xiao Yan lived, and said hesitantly.

"You."

"You remember, when you go out, there are multiple friends and multiple paths."

"But don't spy on other people's secrets."

"Furthermore, no matter what secrets other people have, as long as it's harmless to me, it's worth paying for." After Qing Wenwen finished speaking, he woke up the two Yu family's subordinates and immediately interrogated them.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Yeah." When Qing'er heard the words, she was relieved, and she didn't think about anything else, she went back to her tent with peace of mind.

Time passed quickly, and in a blink of an eye it was night.

"Senior Soul Eater, do you know what's going on with the sea of ​​fighting qi that has disappeared in my body?" Xiao couldn't help asking, seeing that the night was deep and the surroundings were quite quiet.

If it wasn't for the problem of his own Dou Qi Sea, I'm afraid he would have reached Dou Xian when he devoured the holy flame before.

But that kind of promotion opportunity is obviously elusive. If you miss it once, you can only find another way.

Now that Guiyuejing can break through the shackles of Dou Di and enter Dou Xian, Xiao Yan naturally wants to solve the Dou Qi Sea issue in advance.

"The sea of ​​fighting qi that disappeared from your body is a little weird."

"Even with my experience, I've never heard of it." The Soul Eater said in a low voice, obviously Xiao Yan's question was quite difficult to answer.

"Damn...then what should I do now?" Xiao Yan also secretly let out a sad voice. If he didn't solve the problem of Dou Qi, he probably wouldn't be able to advance to Dou Xian.

"Hey-hey."

"Don't worry, I suddenly remembered something."

"Your vanishing vindictive sea is related to the fiery beast in your body."

"And if you want to completely solve the problem of vindictiveness."

"It's not complicated either."

"Just lead it out." The Lord of Soul Eater seemed to have thought of something fun and smiled wickedly.

"How did you get it out?" Xiao Yan was immediately puzzled when he heard the words.

"I can feel the enormous power contained in its body. I'm afraid it will be reborn when it wakes up this time."

"However, your promotion to Dou Xian is imminent, we still have to find a way to wake it up earlier." The Lord of Soul Eater also laughed.

"What can I do?" Xiao Yan's eyes lit up when he heard the words.

"Suicide." Faced with Xiao Yan's doubts, the Master of Soul Eater gave his answer.