Chapter Vol 4 1947: The mystery of the stone tablet, the realization of immortality and immortality! ...

"How is that possible..." Xiao Yan stared at the golden fire fox in front of him in a stunned manner. At this time, the countless forces in his body surrendered quietly, and he could not arouse any aura of rebelliousness and resistance at all.

Not to mention the third place on the Sacred Flame Ranking, even if it is the top ten on the Sacred Flame Ranking, the coercion and power possessed by each Sacred Flame is definitely not something that Xiao Yan can resist.

"Hehe...Little guy, you have a pretty good sense of smell and strength." Just as Xiao Yan's shock in his heart slowly calmed down, and when he was about to find a way to solve the situation here, the golden arc of fire was slowly shaking, and instantly it was He turned into a white-haired old man and appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

The white-haired old man's complexion was soft, his white hair covered most of his body, and the smiling old man Xiao Yan, even if it was an energy body, gave Xiao Yan the coercion and intimacy that could not be resisted.

"Descendants of the Xiao clan, junior Xiao Yan, meet the seniors!" Seeing the appearance of this old man, Xiao Yan immediately respected.

"Being able to enter here, it should be with the help of the demon emperor, but this also means that you have the blood of our Xiao family, otherwise, even if you are as strong as the demon emperor, you will not be able to cross that barrier." Without hesitation, he looked at Xiao Yan carefully, and said in a deep voice. After looking at it, the old man kept nodding his head, as if he was extremely satisfied with Xiao Yan, whether it was his strength or soul power.

"The demon emperor has been broken, and now the demon world is reunifying. The younger generation obeys the demon emperor and comes to retrieve what we have left behind from the Xiao family." Xiao Yan stared at the old man in front of him, his voice extremely humble and contained a trace of it. fiery!

What exactly will this senior Xiao clan leave behind?

Moreover, judging from the identity and strength of this guy, this guy's status in the Xiao clan is definitely not low, and Xiao Yan's heart became extremely hot for a while.

"Cough cough...don't look at me like that." Seemingly aware of Xiao Yan's fiery gaze, the old man muttered slowly, then coughed a few words, and turned to Xiao Yan maliciously.

"You don't have to have such high expectations. When you parted ways with the Demon Emperor, you didn't leave much behind when you left, and the thing in front of you is what I left behind." After Shunxi, the old man narrowed his eyes and looked at The yellowish ancient picture had an unusually deep and weird voice.

"This is the third-ranked reincarnation flame of the Holy Flame Ranking, but why are there any traces of incompleteness?" Xiao Yan also said depressedly.

"That's right, this thing is the Reincarnation Flame of the Heavenly Dao, the third in the Holy Flame Ranking."

"Although it's only normal, don't underestimate it."

"You will really know the mystery in it in the future, but remember that the strength is less than eight-star fighting immortal, and you must not touch it... After all, this thing is extremely precious by the old **** in Liudao..." The old man There was a deep fear in his voice.

"Eight Stars Fighting Immortals... the third holy flame... the six paths?" Xiao Yan nodded lightly, naturally aware of the importance of the matter, but he was still somewhat disappointed. After all, this trip to the demon world had achieved very little, and the biggest gain might have been It is the demon emperor and the king of all beasts, who have laid a solid foundation for his future power. As for his personal strength, it would be a bit tasteless to improve his personal strength.

However, at least the chaotic fighting qi in Xiao Yan's body was neutralized, and it was also raised to the level of the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals.

"Okay, little guy, this holy flame is a bit special, the time is right in the future, you must get it, and my current state is quite strange, so I can't leave you too much help, otherwise once those guys find out, I'm afraid our Xiao clan will The last ray of hope will be completely extinguished."

"You keep this remnant."

"In addition, there is a chance to go to the underworld, which is also a major stronghold of our Xiao family. All the mysteries will be solved in the underworld," the old man said.

"Junior takes orders... But what is the so-called guardian of the Xiao clan?" Xiao Yan nodded solemnly.

"Xiao Yan...the guardian."

"I'm ashamed to say that during the first World War, although we expelled the foreign evil clan, the top powers led by our Xiao clan consumed too much power. In the end, our Xiao clan was harmed by traitors. The world's first race disappeared silently, and in the end, they had no choice but to aggrieve them."

"They guard the things that are related to the safety of the entire Daqian world. Our Xiao family were so ruthless at the last moment. In fact, all this was forced. If they were not ruthless at the time, the guardians would be imprisoned and suppressed with us. Heaven and Earth will fall into a real panic... you go on this trip, be sure to make amends on my behalf, it is our Xiao clan who are sorry for them." A slightly apologetic voice of self-blame emerged from the old man's mouth. .

"Junior understands." Xiao Yan nodded solemnly.

"Okay, let's give you one last gift."

"Summon the immortal fire and immortal flames out of your body. Here, you will realize immortality and immortality, reaching an immortal state like a demon emperor." At the last moment, the old man's voice was full of endless coercion.

"Yes!"

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan nodded lightly, Immortal Fire and Immortal Yan left the body at the same time, and immediately crawled down quietly.

"Two little guys, we meet again." The second group of Saint Flames just appeared, and the old man smiled, as if the two had seen each other for a long time.

"Go!" With a wave of his hand, the second group of holy flames slowly roared away at the unremarkable stone tablet under the control of the old man.

"Boom!" A violent tremor emerged in this world Immediately, the sky-high demonic energy and the thick life breath slowly emerged from the stone tablet. The flame pattern of the stele is engraved on the stone stele, and some complicated demon characters are added to set off the stone stele like an ancient fetish, which is extremely mysterious.

"Next, it's up to you whether you can perceive immortality or immortality."

"The mission of this energy clone can be considered completed."

"The center of the human world and many of the guys who have done bad things, sooner or later, our Xiao clan will take back our former glory and let you all crawl under fear, just wait..." Yu Yin curled up, the figure of the old man slowly turned into Countless rays of light immediately decorated the remnant picture, and quietly poured into Emperor Xiao Yan's flame ring after resting.

As for Xiao Yan, he had already closed his eyes at this time and seemed to have entered a special area when his eyes were just fixed on the stone tablet.

"This... what place?" Xiao Yan muttered slowly, but only endless echoes responded to him.

"Immortal...Immortal...Immortal."

"One breath remains, the two flames refine the heart, unbreakable!" One after another ancient voices violently impacted Xiao Yan's heart and soul, and Xiao Yan's whole body was shocked, as if he had noticed something, he sat up directly in the void, and the second group Sheng Yan kept lingering on Xiao Yan's body and on the stele, squirming back and forth, with an indescribable terrifying force between them.

Like an ancient giant standing in the sky, that kind of breath is invincible and indestructible.

I don't know how long it will take, but Xiao Yan's body and even his body have indeed become weird because of this thing.

It is the power of immortality and immortality, mysterious and unmatched.

full book

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: