Chapter 566: The top of the shocking desert mountains!

There are five levels in the desert mountain range, and each level has different levels of danger, but there is no doubt that while the danger is, the opportunity is also extremely rich!

After all, the ancients have a cloud, danger and opportunity always coexist!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The top of the desert mountain range!

There is no human beings here, and there is not even a trace of green plants and magical beasts, and there is only an endless silence!

At the top of the desert mountain range, at first glance, it looks like the top of a mountain range, but it was cut for no reason, exposing a large plane, causing the top of the desert mountain range to be a large flat land!

On the flat ground, no grass grows, and some are just khaki rocks, extremely desolate!

The most attractive thing about the topmost layer of this desert mountain range is the solid rock that spreads endlessly on the flat ground.

Looking closely, there is actually an extremely huge throne in the top center of this desert mountain range!

Next to the throne, a very terrifying thing like a medicine cauldron was slowly beside the throne. As for the place dozens of meters away from the throne, a giant hand composed of countless rocks fiercely shot it against the ground!

The five fingers spread out and pressed down on the ground, but where it was about to close with the ground, a purple-gold figure raised his hands to fight against the giant rock hand!

The tiny figure contains extremely terrifying power!

"Susu..."

"I don't know who is here, how can I feel a sense of déjà vu... And I can't feel the breath of the blood demon general. Did he enter somewhere or fell?"

"Forget it, this Mad Wood Immortal Master shouldn't last long. After waiting for some time, after this Mad Wood Immortal Master has completely fallen, this Emperor can regain his freedom!" The figure has no face, and there is only a slightly blood-red strange aura!

"Cough, cough, cough!"

"It should be here, right?" Shan Yao, who was beside her, couldn't crawl, and immediately said.

Shanyao initially knew that there were not many stairs, but did not expect there to be so many!

After all, Shanyao has just woken up, and all the functions of her body have not yet fully operated, so it is naturally a little difficult.

"Come on!" Xiao Yan naturally knew that some roads could only be walked by himself, otherwise Xiao Yan helping Shanyao would mean harming her!

"Okay!" Although Shanyao said no, no, no, but she didn't stop and stepped in step by step.

In just a few short moments, the little princess Shanyao of the Tianmuyu clan seemed to get used to the stairs, and she didn't scream anymore, she gritted her teeth and walked step by step!

"It seems that the little princess of the Tianmuyu clan is really not easy..." Xiao Yan murmured

"It's here." Shan Ling was in front, not knowing what to see, but a few people quickly reached the end of the stairs!

"Is this the top of the desert mountain range..." Xiao Yan and the others were still on the last stone step above the stairs, so they looked at it slightly!

At the top of the desert mountain range, the line of sight here is very similar, only a lot of rocks can be vaguely seen!

"This is the top of the desert mountain range. The aura in this place is extremely terrifying, everyone be careful." Xiao Yan said solemnly, even if they were far apart, Xiao Yan, relying on his huge soul power, was able to discover the highest point in this desert mountain range. The obscure atmosphere on the top floor!

"Yeah!" Shanyao and the others were all shocked when they asked the question. It was the first time they had seen this look.

Especially Snake Punishment, at this time, his heart was already in chaos.

Although the aura in the topmost layer of this desert mountain range is extremely vague, Snake Punishment can clearly feel that the aura here is exactly the same as that of the extraterritorial evil clan attached to the blood demon general in his body!

"I hope nothing will happen." Snake Xing was shocked and said Wei Wei, but at this time, Snake Xing is not easy to say, after all, if it is said, I am afraid it will cause a certain blow to the two of Shan Ling!

"Boom boom boom!" Just as Xiao Yan took a step, the extremely terrifying coercion immediately filled the air, and instantly suppressed Xiao Yan's footsteps!

"Damn!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and the huge soul force immediately attacked!

"Boom boom boom!" Two terrifying coercion instantly permeated together, and then the coercion disappeared instantly!

"It seems that it's really not easy here!" Xiao Yan spoke slowly after his pace slowed down.

Xiao Yan knew that the power just now, if his soul power did not reach the emperor realm level, I am afraid that he would be thrown away directly!

But fortunately, the power of the soul has been raised to the emperor realm, so it can be resisted against this coercion.

"Follow me, I know the way here!" As if she was thinking about something, Shan Ling suddenly said.

Since she came to the top of the desert mountain range, something deep in Shan Ling's body has been agitated!

That is the power of blood from the depths of the body!

With the blood of the original source!

To put it another way... it is this fluctuation that comes from the blood relationship!

"Hey..." Snake Xing sighed slightly, but he knew that when Shan Ling was still Snake Jade, his temper was extremely gentle, but once someone touched her bottom line, Shan Ling would explode like a flood of beasts. Unstoppable!

Xiao Yan did not make a sound, and followed directly.

"Strange, how can the temperature in this rock be so hot..."

"Also, the rock is so stiff and terrifying, it's not an ordinary rock that can compare to you... Could it be?" Long Yi spoke slowly, his voice extremely shocking!

Ordinary rocks are all khaki, but the top rock of this desert mountain range is actually reddish-yellow!

Beneath that red-yellow surface, is an extremely terrifying power of flame!

The power of this flame is undoubtedly much stronger than Long Yi's own power of different fire!

"It's getting closer and closer to the top center of this desert mountain range, and the burning in the body seems to be more restless..."

"Sheng Yan should really be here..." Xiao Yan had some way to go, and his eyes couldn't help but be a little obsessed!

After coming to Dou Di Continent for so long, I finally found the trace of a holy flame!

No matter what, I must conquer this holy flame!

"Strange, why did this strange fire become so hot?"

"The Golden Dragon King Shizu said before retreating that there seems to be some connection between this different fire and the holy flame. I don't know what is the connection between the two... and I can always feel that the different fire seems to come to the battle. Above the Emperor Continent, there is generally something missing, but what is missing, I can't tell." There were many mysteries in Xiao Yan's heart, which made Xiao Yan quite puzzled.

"Forget it, let's be vigilant first, after all, Sheng Yan is the nemesis of foreign evil races!"

"Although I don't know if what Sheng Yan said in the manor is true or not, but the existence of Sheng Yan proves that there are indeed foreign evil races here."

"There are many races of evil races outside the territory, but they are the nemesis of all human beings in the world. You must be careful!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his palms couldn't help clenching!

As for the Soul Eater Talisman in the palm of Xiao Yan's palm, which was condensed from countless mysterious black runes, he said in a voice that he only heard: "I didn't expect that the second strongest blood demon clan would be sealed here. By."

Ask for tickets!