Chapter 30: Monster Ruins!

"You all go down." Yue Yu ordered, Yue Yu Yueru father and daughter and Xiao Yan were left in the hall.

Yueyu looked at Xiao Yan who was confused and said with a smile: "This Demonic Beast Mountains is also a relatively famous fierce place near Qingcheng on the Profound Spirit Continent. For some reason, the cold air is extremely thick there. The sky is covered with the sun, and if you run wild, you will only get lost in it, and there are many powerful and bloodthirsty monsters in the mountains, which are quite troublesome to deal with. This time, the remains of monsters are located in this monster mountain. "

"It is rumored that there are immortal-level fighting skills and countless martial arts pills in the remains of the beasts this time, but more importantly, there are some differences in the ruins this time. The people who went in to explore have no whereabouts. I don't know what happened. ."

"Oh! Aren't beasts and humans old enemies, how can the ruins in the beast mountain range allow us humans to get involved?" Xiao Yan said in a puzzled way.

"Little friend Xiao Yan doesn't know that the remains of beasts in the Warcraft Mountains are actually left by an almighty. It is rumored that the almighty hated beasts by nature and set a ban. You can't go in there."

"Furthermore, the emperor-level demon core that Xiao Yan needs is also among them." Yue Yu also relieved Xiao Yan's worries.

"Father, I don't know what's in the beast ruins this time?" Yueru also said.

Yue Yu smiled lightly and said, "A long time ago, in this world of the Great Thousand World, there were countless strong men who fell. The place where the blood of the Dou Di strong men fell, turned into a place of ruins, there are all kinds of mysteries, all over the opportunity, attracting countless geniuses. Compete."

"Just because if you can get the "Emperor Blood", you can become an emperor and build a holy foundation. secret.

Hearing Yue Yu's old voice, Xiao Yan was a little dazed, just because of all that, something out of his understanding.

"What is... an emperor?" Xiao Yan said with some difficulty, but because these two words seemed to contain a great charm, even if they were spoken out of his mouth, the source qi in his body shook a little.

Yueyu thought for a while, then smiled: "That's too far away for you, you just need to know that the so-called emperor is the strength of the owner of the peak of the Seven Star Dou Emperor!"

"A drop of blood of an emperor can turn the ocean into a sea."

"When the emperor fell, his blood and remains of the emperor fell into the sky and the earth, thus forming some ruins."

"And on our Xuanling Continent, there is a place of ruins that exists in the Monster Beast Mountains outside the city."

Xiao Yan's pupils could not help shrinking. After talking for a long time, he finally got to the point.

Yueyu smiled and said, "Now there are eight cities within a hundred miles of our Qingcheng, and almost all the geniuses of the younger generation are preparing for the ruins and practicing hard."

"I heard that the young master from Wucheng has been practicing hard for this for several years. Obviously, he is bound to get it."

"The other big families, the proud sons of the big families who have done their best to cultivate, are also dispatched one after another, and what they do is to win the great fortune in the land of ruins."

"Once you win such a great fortune, the "Xuanling Royal Family" in the Xuanling Continent will notice you and lead you."

"The Xuanling Royal Family?" Xiao Yan asked blankly. He knew that the Xuanling Continent was the name of the world he established. On the vast continent, it was only one of them, but the so-called Xuanling Imperial Family came from not heard.

"It's normal if you haven't heard of it, it's obviously known to a few people." Yue Yu smiled and said, "In short, this Xuanling Royal Family is the ruler of the Xuanling Continent. Their big hands cover the world, And you are the ants below.”

Xiao Yan gave a wry smile, that is indeed a too far level, and with his present, he cannot reach it at all.

However, after saying this, Xiao Yan can be considered to know the power of the ruins. Even the Wucheng and many other cities, the proud sons of the great family, are very coveted. It is conceivable, what kind of good fortune is that? with chance.

"But the ruins are so important, wouldn't the various forces send strong people?" Xiao Yan suddenly asked, if those cities directly send Dou Di strong, or even stronger strong, then no matter how strong the young Proud son, I'm afraid I can't compete.

"The land of ruins has the power of the emperor. The stronger the person, the stronger the suppression they will receive when they enter it."

Yueyu said with a smile: "If those strong people are not afraid of being beheaded by some little guys because of oppression, they should not dare to enter easily."

He stared at Xiao Yan, a ray of light flashed across his turbid eyes, and said with a smile: "Little friend, if the great fortune of the Holy Land falls into the hands of the heaven's arrogant sons in other cities, I am sure that what you want to get The chance of the emperor-level dragon demon core to save others will become extremely low, extremely low."

Yue Yu's voice paused, and then said again: "Of course... with your current strength, if you want to **** that guy, I'm afraid it will be difficult."

"How is it? Do you have the guts to have a coveted heart for that great good fortune?" Yue Yu said with a half-smile, as if she was looking forward to Xiao Yan's reaction.

Xiao Yan closed his eyes slightly and took a deep breath. After a while, he slowly opened his eyes, and there was an intriguing gleam in his eyes.

Then the prided ones other than Qingcheng were already ahead of him, UU reading www. uukanshu.com If someone else has captured the great fortune in the ruins, then Qingyuan's secret will not be released.

Moreover, the mission on his body is also heavy, to find his clansmen, the Golden Dragon King to regain his strength, to collect holy flames, and more importantly, to find Xun'er and the others!

All this requires strength!

One step at a time, one step at a time.

Xiao Yan wanted to catch up and save others, so he had to seize every opportunity.

Of course, in the ruins, there are many powerful people from all walks of life, noble families, and proud people of the big families. Compared with them, Xiao Yan seems to have no advantage, but since he came to Doudi Continent, he began to practice the complete Burning Jue. Since that day, there has never been a lack of courage.

So, Xiao Yan looked at Yue Yu who was sitting on it, solemnly clasped his fists and saluted.

"Xiao Yan, thank the seniors for the guidance."

He was very fortunate that he met Yueyu here, so that he did not miss the chance to touch the great creation.

"Then this so-called chance."

"I, Xiao Yan, can't ask for anything." After speaking, Xiao Yan had a bright smile on his face.

"Hahaha! I knew that you are not simple, how can you be an ordinary person with a fire elf strange thing."

"And this time in the ruins, the little girl also needs something. I have already given her the map. I will ask Xiao Yan Xiaoyou to take care of it this time." Yue Yu said slowly.

"Pack up and leave today." After speaking, he walked out of the lobby, leaving Xiao Yan and Yueru looking at each other.

"I'm going to trouble you this time too." Yue Ru vegetarian waved her hand and bowed to Xiao Yan with a slight smile on her face.

"Thank you, Xiao Yan."

Xiao Yan also understood what she meant, and immediately left the lobby with a smile.