Chapter Vol 4 1424: Gu poisonous snake!

"Are you sure it's down there?" Yuan Yan couldn't help muttering while watching Xiao Yan controlling the Golden Mouse.

As soon as he came to the edge of the cliff, he looked down. It was an endless cliff, and even on the cliff by the cliff, a terrifying aura permeated, which made Yuan Yan couldn't help but feel fear. , After all, Yuan Yan is still just a little girl no matter what.

"Don't worry, I will protect you." Looking at Yuan Yan who was afraid, Xiao Yan said, although he didn't know what the Soul Eater's words meant.

"Crash!" Just as Xiao Yan finished speaking, he immediately pulled out an extremely strong vine from his side, and immediately threw it down, connecting from the cliff to the bottom of the cliff.

"Then I'll go down." After speaking, Yuan Yan's small face became tense and serious, and after a while, she followed the vines Xiao Yan had prepared in advance and headed down the cliff.

"Weng buzzing!" As the two descended, the golden mouse beside Xiao Yan burst out with an extremely tyrannical resistance, as if trying to escape Xiao Yan's control.

"Looking at Mijin's reaction, there is indeed a treasure below, but the reaction is so violent. I hope that the guardian's strength will not be too tyrannical, otherwise it will only return without success." Xiao Yan was entrenched in the air, pulling the vines. He gritted his teeth and said, after all, he had to protect Yuan Yan, so his strength would definitely not be able to exert much.

"What is this... such a beautiful flower..." Xiao Yan and Yuan Yan walked towards the bottom of the cliff along the vines one after the other. After a while, Yuan Yan stopped descending and stared at him slowly. A spooky flower on the cliff next to it.

This flower is budding, and the whole is the size of a palm, but the attractive red color is disturbing.

"Don't move... this is a poisonous flower!" Xiao Yan hurriedly stopped Yuan Yan's actions.

"go!"

"It's coming soon." After Xiao Yan stopped Yuan Yan, he was always paying attention to her.

It's just that neither Xiao Yan noticed that the strange flower they had just passed by was blooming slowly, and even the red mist drifted down towards the bottom. The mysterious creature at the bottom also wriggled.

"There really is another mystery at the bottom of the cliff!" The two easily came to the bottom of the cliff, and Xiao Yan glanced around and couldn't help but said.

The situation at the bottom of the cliff was instantly reflected in Xiao Yan's pupils. The two of them had just landed at the bottom of the cliff and immediately stood on top of a reef, but beside them was a strange circular space surrounded by a strange lake. surround.

This is a lake. Except for the reef under the feet of Xiao Yan and the two of them, there is no other place to stay. Behind the lake, a few hundred meters away from the two of them, there is a cave about zhang Xu, and the cave is quite dark. It was gloomy, and the wind was blowing, and I didn't know where it was going.

"Follow me for a while, don't run around!" Xiao Yan urged.

"Well...but there seems to be some powerful creature here that makes me feel faintly uneasy." Yuan Yan frowned, her small face was quite pale as an invisible breath suppressed her, and then she stared at the calm water.

"Golden Rat?" Immediately, a strange ripple appeared on the surface of the water, and the Golden Rat on Xiao Yan's body instantly exploded, desperately breaking free from Xiao Yan's control and climbing towards the cliff.

"Crash!" In an instant, the water surface wriggled violently, and then a gigantic creature suddenly appeared.

"Good guy..."

"It's actually the Gu Poison Heavenly Snake!" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and then he looked at the big guy in front of him seriously.

Gu Venomous Heavenly Snake, this is a special kind of soul beast that lives on poison. Its whole body and even its scales are highly poisonous. If you touch it lightly, it will be highly poisonous, and even its temperament will be extremely violent. The real killing machine among the soul beasts!

"嘁偁嘁!" The Gu Venomous Serpent just emerged from under the water surface, and suddenly twisted its huge body, bursting out with a harsh and sharp roar. It was as if he was swearing his own sovereignty.

"Fire Explosion Technique!" Xiao Yan did not hesitate to look at the menacing Gu Venomous Heavenly Serpent. The huge flames directly compressed within his body, and with the help of the skyrocketing speed, he easily moved Yuan Yan over the lake.

"Pfft." Gu Venomous Sky Snake and Snake Eyes looked at Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan indifferently, as if they were looking at food. After a while, their bodies skyrocketed and they attacked them directly.

"Shabu Shabu!" He just squirmed and was bathed in green rays of light. When he felt the green rays of light, Xiao Yan couldn't help but secretly startled. Obviously, the power of toxins contained in the green rays of light might be able to Kill them easily.

"Bang bang bang!" With the help of the skyrocketing speed, Xiao Yan took Yuan Yan and gently tapped his toes on the surface of the water, avoiding the attack of the Gu Venomous Heavenly Serpent.

"This... lake water is poisonous!" At the next moment, as Xiao Yan tapped the water with his toes, a strange green light suddenly converged towards Xiao Yan's body from the toes.

However, in the Tianming Mountain Range, the ability to fly and ban air was too limited, which caused Xiao Yan and the two to be helpless for a while.

"Bang Bang Bang!" Xiao Yan directly protected Yuan Yan with Dou Qi, and then threw it towards a protruding rock on the edge of the cliff.

"You stay here!" After Yuan Yan was settled down, Xiao Yan returned to the reef on the water surface. The dazzling flames continued to emerge like a volcano erupting, making this space agitated slightly.

"Fire!" A furious roar resounded through the sky, and the temperature in the entire lake rose suddenly.

"嘁偁嘁!" Seeing this, the Gu Venomous Heavenly Snake's green light also weakened a lot. Obviously, snake-like soul beasts are naturally cold are naturally afraid of flames.

"Sea of ​​Fire!" With a low roar, fiery red flames suddenly emerged, and with the power of Xiao Yan's great celestial seed, it easily surrounded the entire lake.

"Weng buzzing!" The strength of the Gu Venomous Heavenly Serpent is about the middle stage of the human three-star battle of immortals, but it was wrapped in Xiao Yan's tyrannical fire attribute, and it was in a hurry for a while, because its intelligence was quite high, and it knew that Xiao Yan was this arrogant. The flame has destructive fluctuations for it.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Gu Venomous Sky Snake didn't dare to hesitate, and went straight into the lake and disappeared. After all, after Xiao Yan used the Great Heaven Seed, his flame power was four times that of a normal person. This was not something he could endure. of.

"Let's go!" Seeing that the Gu Poisonous Serpent was temporarily forced back, Xiao Yan was a little puzzled, but he didn't have time to think. He grabbed Yuan Yan and rushed to the cave behind the lake without stopping.

"Hehe... Damn human, this king has guarded this treasure for hundreds of years. If it hadn't been able to break the seal, where would it be your turn to meddle in?"

"But it doesn't matter, I just use your strength to break this **** seal. Sooner or later, you will be in my bag."

"嘁嘁嘁!" As Xiao Yan and the others poured into the cave, the huge serpent pupils of the vanished Gu Venomous Serpent appeared on the water surface slightly, and then turned into a human man, standing on the water surface, Open your mouth softly.

https://

Genius website address: . Mobile version reading website: