Chapter 633: Mission on the red team card

"Okay, the information of the five of you has been registered, and the next step is to select your level for this mission." The next moment, the registered man suppressed all the shock and doubts in his heart and said to the five people.

"Choose the task level?" Mu Feng asked in confusion when he heard the words.

"Yes, here is only responsible for registering your strength, leaving a trace of your breath, so that you can judge your life and death situation. If there is a dangerous situation, the strong people in our Burning Incense Pavilion will come to the rescue."

"As for the task level of the team competition, it is divided into cyan simple level, yellow difficult level, and red nightmare level." The man said slowly.

"Is there any difference between these three levels?" Mu Feng asked.

"The tasks obtained at the cyan simple level are relatively simple, and the rewards that can be obtained are relatively general."

"The tasks of the yellow difficulty level are relatively difficult, which requires a lot of team cooperation, and the generous rewards and rewards have made almost all participating teams choose here."

"As for the Red Nightmare rank... it's basically impossible tasks." The man said slowly.

"How can we go if we can't complete the mission?" Mu Feng said as if he knew something.

"Hehe, the motto of our Burning Incense Pavilion is to create miracles, and that's why we have the most difficult task."

"But I forgot to tell you that for this red nightmare level quest, you can take all the things you get in it. As for the other things you get from the cyan simple level and the yellow hard level, you must hand in all the things." The man said .

"What should I do now?" Mu Feng heard the words, and immediately turned his head to face several people.

"I think we still choose the red nightmare level." Xiao Yan said slightly.

"Since the elders will start this kind of task competition, it is not impossible to complete the task, but the relative cost of completing it is too huge or too difficult."

"And since the few of us came out of the desert mountain range, our strength has been improved to a certain extent. Next, it is better to control this skyrocketing strength, otherwise it will affect future cultivation." Xiao Yan analyzed.

"This statement is reasonable." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the three people next to him said slowly.

"What do you think?" The next moment, Xiao Yan said to Ling Xuan.

"I'll listen to you." Ling Xuan was still immersed in Xiao Yan's late-stage strength of the Six-Star Dou Emperor and the shock that Mu Yingying actually had the power of an eighth-rank student, so she said casually.

"Then it's a red nightmare." Xiao Yan glanced at the four of them, and then smiled slowly at the registered man.

"Red Nightmare-level..."

"Courageous!" The man smiled slowly, but there was a little chill in that smile!

"Now that it's decided, who is your captain!" the man said.

"Xiao Yan." The next moment, the three next to him said in unison.

"Take it, this is your task for this team competition." After the man finished speaking, he took the red scroll of attendance directly from his arms!

The red scroll looks very strange, and there is a wooden token in the red scroll, but I don't know what it is used for.

"Go back, as for what your mission this time is, it's better to go back and see, otherwise, once it is leaked, it will not be good for you." After the man finished speaking, he issued an expulsion order.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan slowly put away the red scroll and wooden token in his palm, left here directly, and led the four of them towards Wuzhuju.

"What kind of mission is this, and it's so mysterious?" The five of them had just returned to the Wuzhu Residence, and they suddenly became curious on the stone table.

"Open it and take a look!" Seeing that people around him were constantly curious, Xiao Yan also said with sense.

The next moment, the five people slowly surrounded the red scroll, and then Xiao Yan's mind moved, and a huge soul force instantly emerged, attacking the red scroll!

"Boom boom boom!" The red scroll had just been attacked by Xiao Yan's enormous soul power, and it suddenly trembled.

"Intensify your efforts!" Xiao Yan saw that such a huge soul force didn't react at all to the red scroll, and immediately mobilized a huge amount of power.

Finally, with Xiao Yan's continuous efforts, within a few breaths of time, the red scroll slowly spread out, and an aura that the five people could not resist spread instantly. But very clear words!

"Nightmare-level task." Five extremely bright red words attracted the attention of Xiao Yan and the five, and immediately below the five bright red words, there was a row of small words.

"Go to Luoling Mountain and defeat the Five Elements Beast!"

Just a few words, but it exploded in Ling Xuan's heart like a thunder.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What's wrong with you?" Xiao Yan asked with quick eyes and quick hands, directly supporting Lingxuan who was about to fall.

"Do you know what the Five Elements Beasts are?" Ling Xuan's face was pale, and she spoke slowly.

"I don't know." All four shook their heads, obviously puzzled by this kind of thing.

"Five-element beasts are terrifying beasts that absorb five attributes."

"If you are the Dou Di of the Fire Attribute and slowly face the Five Elements Beasts, and the Five Elements Beasts also use the Fire Attribute Power, then your Fire Attribute Power will not be able to move even the fur of the Five Elements Beasts!"

"In other words, these five-element beasts are almost invincible."

"With the five of us alone, we can't beat it."

"If we don't take up this task, we won't be able to complete it at all!" Ling Xuan said angrily.

"Five-element beast...I vaguely remember that the body of the five-element beast is full of treasures. If you get the body of the five-element beast, you can't say that your ancestor will have a chance to resurrect." The next moment, Xiao Yan's heart rock slowly opened his mouth. .

"The body of the five-element beast?" Xiao Yan was a little surprised According to what you said, your ancestors relied on suppressing the three strange fires in the body before, and finally detonated the three strange fires and blew themselves up, so generally The human body cannot satisfy his last trace of strength. "

"That five-element beast contains the power of the five elements in its body, and its body is also refined into steel. It is the last material for you to resurrect your ancestors!" Xinyan said.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he thought for a moment.

He was able to achieve today's achievements without the help of his ancestor Xiao Xuan, and he also promised his ancestor to resurrect him. Now the holy flame and medicinal pills are ready, and the only thing left is to accommodate the new body.

"As of now, that's the only way. I hope the ancestors of Xiao Xuan can know the secret of the disappearance of the Xiao family..." Xiao Yan said slowly in his heart.

Because when he was in the Dou Qi Continent, it was the bloodline of the Emperor Xiao Xuan that collapsed in his body. The ancestor Xiao Xuan did not hesitate to fight the power of the whole family to break through the Emperor Dou and activate the blood of the Emperor Dou, so Xiao Yan felt that the ancestor Xiao Xuan should what do you know.

"It's true that one person can't defeat the five-element beast, but you forgot that we are five people?" The next moment, Xiao Yan slowly spoke to the angry Lingxuan.

"But among the five of us, we clearly have only one of these attributes. You and Mu Yingying belong to the same fire. Without the Five Elements, these Five Elements beasts can't be dealt with at all!" Ling Xuan said.

"Hey, have you forgotten that I am a pharmacist?"

"There is wood in the fire." Xiao Yan seemed to have expected this Lingxuan to come out, and said slowly.

Ask for tickets!