Chapter 581: repair!

"That's..." Xiao Yan stared at the dazzling crystal above the shadow!

At this moment, that Qianying looks quite similar to Mu Yingying. If it weren't for Mu Yingying, who else would it be?

Above Mu Yingying's figure, the crystal was surrounded by fiery red, and terrifying heat radiated from it.

Such terrifying power, Xiao Yan stared at it for a long time, actually made Xiao Yan's mind tremble slightly.

"Saint Flame Crystal?" Yan Yuan's face, which was still full of smiles, solidified in the next moment, and then slowly stared at the Saint Flame Crystal above Qianying!

"Weng Om!" The Saint Flame Crystal above Qianying, after approaching Yan's side for dozens of meters, suddenly flew over to Yan without Mu Yingying's control!

"Looks like what I expected."

"This holy flame crystal really belongs to this holy flame." When the holy flame crystal just left the palm of Mu Yingying's palm, Mu Yingying grabbed it suddenly, but it was empty.

"Are you alright..." Yan's eyes had a lot of holes, and then his palm slowly raised, facing the holy flame crystal.

"Weng Om!" Sheng Yanjing on the palm of the rock, like a naughty child, exudes a dazzling light, but under the bright light, a trace of extremely evil black energy also appears.

"It's been corroded so badly..." Immortal Master Madwood walked up directly, and then stared at the holy flame crystal on the rock palm.

Immortal Master Crazy Wood and Yan both looked down at the same time, as if deciding something.

"Forget it, let me do it. After all, I can't last in this state for long, so it's worth it for this little guy." Immortal Master Madwood said indifferently, but there was a rare freedom in his voice.

"But my king..." Yan suddenly said when he saw this.

"No but, remember to take good care of them for me." Immortal Master Madwood said slightly, then turned his eyes and stared at Yan.

"Follow your orders!" Yan wanted to say something, but was stared at by Immortal Mad Wood's sharp eyes, and immediately knew the character of Immortal Mad Wood, so he didn't dare to say more.

"Father, you?" Shan Ling seemed to realize something bad and said worriedly.

"Shanling, you and Shanyao should cultivate well in the future. My father is not a qualified father, but my father will always love you." Immortal Master Kuangmu had tenderness in his eyes.

"I will take good care of her." When Shan Ling heard the words, she immediately understood what Immortal Master Madwood had done, and she couldn't help but admire her father!

Although he is not a good father, he is enough to be called a real king!

"Xiao Yan, are you alright?" Following the arrival of the Green Flute group, Mu Yingying came directly to Xiao Yan's side, then her eyes wrinkled, and her face was a little ugly as she stared at the sign on Xiao Yan's chest. Eye blood.

"I'm fine, but you guys have improved a lot." When Xiao Yan heard the words, his heart couldn't help but warm up. Except for Mu Yingying, whether it was Xiao Yi, Lvdi or Mufeng, the strength of the three of them had improved to a certain extent. , obviously got some benefits in this desert mountain range.

"Senior, since this Saint Yanjing has already been obtained, I hope that Senior will take action... After all, Xiao Yan is our captain." Mu Yingying said politely.

"She's really a tough girl..."

"But this Saint Flame Crystal, thank you very much, I just don't know what happened to the Gorefiend under the Holy Flame Crystal?" Yan laughed, just about to give this Holy Flame Crystal to Immortal Master Madwood, but suddenly brought it with him. an interesting scene.

"The Gorefiend was naturally completely wiped out by me." Mu Yingying let out a coquettish anger, and the power of the azure flame and holy flame radiated faintly from her body.

"Holy flame?" In the next moment, feeling the power of this azure holy flame, Immortal Master Yan and Kuangmu were shocked, their eyes fixed on Mu Yingying!

"The power of this holy flame is probably more powerful than this one on me..."

"No wonder it was able to obliterate that Gorefiend."

"But why do I feel the strangeness of this girl?" Immortal Master Madwood and Yan were both able to see at a glance that the blue flame on Mu Yingying's body came from holy flames.

"Forget it, let's go." After a brief hesitation, both of them shook their heads.

"Give it to me!" Immortal Master Madwood's voice exploded at the next moment.

"Shabu Shabu!" Yan also nodded secretly, and immediately handed over the Saint Flame Crystal, which was heavily corroded by the Gorefiend, to Immortal Master Madwood.

"You stand back!" Immortal Master Madwood snorted coldly, and then his whole body flashed brightly!

"My king, you are..." Yan's pupils couldn't help but feel a little wet, this Mad Wood Immortal Master did this, burning all the remaining power, in order to completely expel the holy flame crystal. Blood Demon Qi!

"Boom!" The blood demon energy in the holy flame crystal has been suppressed by the power of the holy flame for a long time. If every one keeps injecting it, I am afraid that over time, it will also be given to the power of the holy flame crystal. Expel, but now I can't wait that long, so I have to use external force to expel.

"Father, you will always be my father!" When Shan Ling saw this, she was not worried about Immortal Mad Wood, because Immortal Mad Wood had explained all the doubts in Shan Ling's heart just now. Teachers only worship!

"Bang bang bang!" It only lasted for a few minutes, and suddenly the holy flame crystal was calm and the Wild Wood Immortal Master, the master of the desert mountain range, slowly disappeared like glass. here.

"My king, let's go!" Seeing this, Yan suddenly knelt down on his knees and kowtowed to the place where Immortal Master Madwood disappeared!

"Senior well!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan bowed slightly.

"Since the blood demon energy in this holy flame crystal has been expelled, then the next step is to hand it over to you boy."

"I am the current master of Sheng Yan, but I can only give you a chance to try to conquer Sheng Yan, and there is only one chance. If you fail, I am afraid you will be shattered. If so, do you still want to accept it?" He suddenly looked serious.

"I can't ask for it!" When Xiao Yan heard the words, the deep-colored pupils suddenly became extremely bright, and a burst of fiery suddenly radiated out!

Since breaking through Dou Qi Continent and came to Dou Di Continent, Xiao Yan knows that he still has a long way to go, but with Burning Jue, he can greatly shorten his time. Only after this endless pain and torture can we truly be reborn!

"Good boy, you have the courage!" Yan heard this and couldn't help but be overjoyed. Although it is not easy to get the approval of Sheng Yanjing, if this Xiao Yan didn't even have this confidence, then the final end would only be a failure. .

"Xiao Yan, this holy flame crystal is the most basic thing of holy flame. The first step to conquer holy flame is to get the approval of holy flame crystal." Mu Yingying said to Xiao Yan.

"Come on!" Xiao Yan heard the words, staring at the very calm Saint Yanjing in that Yan's hand.

The holy flame crystal, the whole body is fiery red, like an extremely precious crystal, and the boundless terrifying flame slowly radiates from it. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: