Chapter Vol 4 1681: Pull away from the source of fire!

"Weng Om!" Under the mysterious power of the Di Yan Ring, the undead fire that had always been tyrannical was rapidly suppressed by it. become weaker.

"My dear, thank you very much." After a while, the Emperor Yan Ring slowly returned to Xiao Yan's hands, Xiao Yan said with relief, but Xiao Yan found that the luster on the Emperor Yan Ring became brighter and brighter, and there was something vaguely vague about it. A mysterious power lingers on it.

That kind of power is like the ruler of heaven and earth, unshakable.

"Immortal fire!" After a few breaths, the corners of Xiao Yan's mouth became hot as he looked at the weak gray magma in front of him.

This smear of gray magma, the size of a palm, is not the power of the Undying Fire, its power of origin exists in it.

"We are really destined." Seeing the undead magma standing quietly and without any movement, Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"Weng Om!" Without any hesitation, Xiao Yan's figure came to the side of the gray magma in an instant, and immediately his palm was wrapped in two dazzling flames, his eyes were extremely solemn, looking at this appearance, he wanted to stretch his palm into it.

"Gulu, don't care, now only by taking advantage of the weak state of the undead fire to obtain its source and holy flame crystal, can you be qualified to devour it. Otherwise, if you stay here for a long time, once the power in the body is used up, the consequences will be unimaginable." The throat is dry. After rolling a few times, Xiao Yan couldn't help but said.

The attack of Undying Fire just now was blocked or even absorbed by Emperor Yanjie. No doubt Xiao Yan had already gained Undying Fire's approval, but the next step was the most important step.

Immerse into the source of the undead fire, let the undead fire completely recognize it, and immediately obtain the holy flame crystal before the final step of devouring.

"Boom!" Without much hesitation, Xiao Yan gently stretched his palm into the gray magma flame, trying to capture the flame like a spot of light, because this thing is the true source of immortal fire.

"Aggressive!" After the blink of an eye, Xiao Yan's palm was close to the gray magma of the immortal fire, but it was blocked by an extremely tyrannical repulsive force.

"It really doesn't work." Xiao Yan was devastated by the gray flame for a while, and beads of sweat the size of beans continued to appear on his forehead. This seemingly weak flame actually caused Xiao Yan a lot of pressure.

"Forget it, let's use those things." After some thought, Xiao Yan also gave up on forcibly pulling away from the source of the undead fire. After all, Xiao Yan couldn't bear any loss of such a tyrannical flame.

"Immortal Leaf!" With a soft call, the Ice Soul Frost Leaf Undying Leaf and other treasures that had been collected by Xiao Yan also slowly emerged.

A rather huge square ice cage about dozens of feet in size appeared in front of Xiao Yan. One of the beautiful leaves was eroded and protected by countless cold forces, so that the dark red flames that formed the immortal leaves were quite hot. .

"Sisi!" After the ice cage appeared, the temperature of the gray undead fire in this void dropped suddenly, and even a trace of white ice mist continued to overflow from the ice cage towards the undead magma.

"Immortal leaves are indeed the nemesis of undead fire." Seeing this, Xiao Yan was overjoyed in a hurry.

What kind of flame is the undead fire, even if it is the fusion of the three holy flames on his body, with the power of the Great Heaven Seed, it is still invincible, but this seemingly inconspicuous undead leaf actually gives its power to a large extent. The suppression made Xiao Yan quite happy.

"Huhu." Seeing the current appearance of Undead Leaf, Xiao Yan waved his hand, and an exquisite item slowly appeared.

The first is the medicinal pill specially refined to devour the undead fire, the Ice Profound Pill, and the cold liquid collected by swallowing the undead fire, the undead leaves!

Bing Xuandan, the fifth-grade immortal rank, Xiao Yan has naturally succeeded in refining it now, and the immortal leaves are already ready.

In the square cage, a strip of blades made of dark red flames danced happily like a elf. Every time it beat, the countless ice strands in the ice cage would be completely melted, and the ice cage did not seem to be unusual. Things, every time the ice silk disappears, a lot of ice silk will grow again. Repeatedly, the power of the undead leaf is perfectly preserved.

Xiao Yan did not rashly take out the necessary medicinal materials for swallowing the undead fire, because Xiao Yan knew that if ordinary people wanted to devour the holy flame, they had to extract the source of holy flame and swallow it directly. With the help of these medicinal materials, his success rate is only one tenth.

After all, pulling away from the source of holy flame is an extremely difficult task.

"Let's start." Xiao Yan calmly adjusted for a quarter of an hour before slowly opening his pupils and said solemnly.

"Immortal Leaf!" With a cold snort, Xiao Yan's palm was wrapped by his two holy flames, turning into a blue-yellow flame palm, lightly reaching into the ice cage, and probing towards the dark red Undead Leaf.

"Bang Bang Bang!" Undead Leaf seemed to be quite spiritual, and when he noticed Xiao Yan's actions, he violently rioted, and around the leaves, circles of dark red flames spread like a tide.

"I still don't believe that even two holy flames can't clean up a small undead leaf!" Xiao Yan watched the undead leaf flying around in the ice cage, but he couldn't catch it for a while, and couldn't help but muttered.

"Pfft." With a sound, the dark red undead leaf did not escape Xiao Yan's claws, and was directly held tightly by Xiao Yan's green-yellow palm.

"Sisi!" Just as he held the undead leaf, a piercing cold suddenly swept through his heart, causing Xiao Yan and even his soul to tremble, but at the same time, a circle of dark red shackles appeared The protective shield generally protects the numerous meridians and skin in Xiao Yan's body.

"The undead leaf, the combination of ice and fire, really lives up to its reputation." He carefully took the undead leaf out of the ice cage Immediately, Xiao Yan's arm was filled with ice mist, and even the temperature of the entire void dropped suddenly.

"Shabu!" Seeing this, the weak undead fire magma suddenly trembled, as if undead leaves had a rather tyrannical restraint on it.

"Give it to me!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled slightly, and immediately held the undead leaf tightly in his palm, and with the help of the unpredictable power of ice and fire of the undead leaf, he directly penetrated into the undead fire magma.

"Hoohoho!" This time, not only was Xiao Yan protected by the two holy flames, but also the protection and blessing of the undead leaves. Immediately, the impediment of the undead fire magma to Xiao Yan was reduced to a minimum.

"Ah, ah, ah!" That's the case, Xiao Yan was also screaming and howling. After all, if you want to extract the source of undead fire, you can only invade it, and the gray magma flame that protects the source of undead fire is comparable to Xiao Yan's three. The power of the fusion of holy flames, so let Xiao Yan have many means of protection, the inhuman pain is still a roar to him.

"It's been so long since I entered the ghost world. After walking this way, I finally found the Undying Fire. I want Xiao Yan to return empty-handed..."

"Dream!" A low roar like a beast emerged from Xiao Yan's mouth, and Xiao Yan's palm ignored the obstruction of the gray magma and flew directly at the light spot in the center. As for Xiao Yan's expression, it was It was extremely ferocious, and the pupils were full of endless bloodshots, and even the layers of ice shackles of the undead leaves on the body also quickly melted after entering the gray magma. .

The destructive power of that gray flame is far beyond Xiao Yan's understanding!

Whether it's life or death, transformation or fall, I'm afraid this is the time to watch.