Chapter Vol 4 1341: Classification of Soul Skills!

"Soul skill?"

"Why does this thing look familiar?" Looking at the two fighting in the arena, Xiao Yan couldn't help but recall in his mind.

"Master, what exactly is this soul skill? Looking at this guy's display, it seems to be my soul attack method?" After thinking about it, Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask, watching the two of them play more and more fiercely in the arena. Because Bai Lan's soul skills and his own soul attack methods are too similar.

"The so-called soul skill is to compress or volatilize one's own soul power through a certain energy route and special application, so as to achieve the purpose of attacking the enemy."

"In general, there are many types of soul skills."

"But they are basically classified into three types: attacking soul skills, defensive soul skills, and interference soul skills."

"The attacking soul skills are naturally the ones you used before, like Huang Quan Tian's Fury and You Ming Tian Trance, to attack the enemy's soul with soul power, so as to achieve the purpose of injuring the enemy, but the general attacking soul skills do not have you. The soul skills in their hands are so tyrannical, they are enough to kill with one blow, and at best they only hurt the enemy's soul."

"As for defensive soul skills, it pays more attention to the defense of soul power. If defensive soul skills are used, attack-type soul skills will be useless, but there are no absolutes in the world. If attacking soul skills are powerful, so are defensive soul skills. I can't stop it." The Soul Eater explained.

"There's another... how about a soul-disturbing skill?" Xiao Yan nodded lightly and asked.

"Hey, disturbing soul skill, as the name suggests, this is a soul skill specially designed to interfere with others. It may be said to be tasteless, but it can be said to be a heaven-defying soul skill."

"Because once the interfering soul skill is deployed, the enemy cannot use any fighting skill for a short period of time, but its shortcomings are also obvious, it takes time to perform, and it has no lethal power." The Lord of Soul Eater spoke softly.

"Can't use any fighting skills?" Xiao Yan heard this and felt a sudden shock in his heart. You must know that the more tyrannical fighting skills it takes, the longer it takes to condense.

The fusion of Xiao Yan's Three Sacred Flames is powerful enough to make Xiao Yan leapfrog to fight, but it also takes a lot of time, intense cohesion and compression to form. It's like a chicken rib, there's nothing you can do.

"Among the soul fighting skills, there are not a few attacking and defensive fighting skills, but this interference fighting skill is quite precious, and its value is probably only a line weaker than that of the holy flame." The Lord of Soul Eater opened his mouth.

"What a fierce battle." The next moment, the battle of souls in the arena became more and more intense.

I saw that after Bai Lan displayed his soul fighting skills, the invisible soul force turned into a shocking chain hundreds of meters in size in everyone's pupils!

The chains were all milky white, and when everyone looked at them, they felt a sense of dizziness in their hearts, but there was an extremely tyrannical imprisonment on the power of the soul.

"Bound me!" Bai Lan snorted coldly, and the chain suddenly turned into a strong wind, with bursts of cold light, attacking Huafei.

"Crash!" The place where the milky white chain passed was suddenly filled with shocking waves, and the strength of the soul force was staggering.

"Huhu."

"It turned out to be an attacking soul skill."

"Ningshi Bell!" The next moment, seeing the whistling milky-white chains, Hua Fei suddenly smiled, without any hold of his hand, the dazzling soul power also skyrocketed in an instant.

Although soul skills are precious, how could Huafei, as the disciple of the vice president of the Alchemist Association, not have them?

"Weng Om!" After a while, an equally milky white soul light shield directly enveloped Huafei's entire figure, making Huafei like an indestructible rock!

"Damn...it's actually a defensive soul skill!" When Bai Lan's soul attack chain came into contact with the milky white light shield beside Huafei, the energy on it quickly drained away, but the milky white light shield remained motionless.

"Look, among the soul fighting skills, the attacking soul skills of the same level are no match for the defensive soul skills." At this time, the Master of Soul Eater spoke directly.

"It's such a tyrannical defensive soul skill." Xiao Yan looked at Huafei who was bathed in the milky white light shield, and clicked his tongue secretly. If he fought against Huafei, he would probably be easily blocked. down.

"Okay, be careful, don't be discouraged."

"Soul skills, only you alchemists and a very small number of people who cultivate soul power know how to use it. The average person's understanding of soul power is obviously not at this level, so your tyrannical soul power is also yours. One of the big cards." The Soul Eater seemed to see Xiao Yan's worry and explained.

"Yep."

"It seems that the outcome has been decided." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, then looked at the two in the arena, and spoke slowly.

"Crash!" At this time, the battle in the arena had entered the white-hot stage.

No matter how tyrannical Bai Lan's soul attack was, Hua Fei only defended and did not attack, and with Bai Lan's so many soul attacks, the soul power in Bai Lan's body suddenly wilted.

Moreover, there is no instant recovery pill for soul power. Because of its particularity, the consumption of soul power can only be recovered through the passage of time, so the outcome of this battle is determined.

"Haha Brother Bai Lan."

"After attacking for so long, it's time for me to come?" Noticing that Bai Lan's soul power was beginning to wilt, Hua Fei's pupils slowly opened. Suddenly burst out from Hua Fei's body.

"Soul skill, ghost snake!" Hua Fei's more and more intense soul power emerged in front of him in an instant, and then condensed into a giant snake of energy hundreds of meters in size!

The giant energy snake just emerged, and it immediately brought waves of energy tides, making the arena agitated. Above the giant energy snake, with its majestic soul power, it directly locked onto Bai Lan and bit him frantically.

"The disciple of the vice president of the Alchemist Association really lives up to its reputation..."

"Attack spirit skills and defense spirit skills are all available..."

"I lost." Bai Lan opened her mouth slightly, shook her head and said, at this point in the game, there is no need to continue.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Agreed." Hua Fei watched Bai Lan voluntarily admit defeat, but he didn't kill the killer. He waved his palm directly, and the giant energy snake disappeared out of thin air.

However, although this giant soul snake did not really compete with Bai Lan, everyone could see that Hua Fei had obviously not used all his strength!

"Hua Fei played against Bai Lan, Hua Fei won and advanced to the top five."

"Next is Yun Qi vs. Xue Ni." Lei He walked out of the arena directly and led Bai Lan and Hua Fei out. After confirming that they were not injured, he said to the few remaining fairyland soul powerhouses.