Chapter Vol 2 714: Appearance of the Burning Sky

"Master, are you alright?" In just a few breaths, Yueru felt her master's violent ups and downs, and immediately asked worriedly.

"I'm fine, I've lost my way." Hua Xin took back her terrifying aura the next moment, and said apologetically.

"Master, you..." Yueru stopped when she reached her lips.

Yueru is very smart, otherwise she would not have been chosen by Fairy Jiaoyue as her successor, and she would not have been chosen as a closed disciple by the Master of Wanhua Pavilion.

But at this time, Yueru was the second monk who couldn't figure it out, because she didn't know what the hatred between her master and Fenxiang Pavilion was at all.

There are rumors from the outside that the pavilion master of Fenxiang Pavilion has always abandoned the pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion and the Sect Master of Poison Sect, but such rumors are obviously too exaggerated.

After all, these three are already in existence like a phoenix and water chestnut, and these children's love affairs are less credible.

"You don't have to worry about these things. You should prepare well for the rest of the ruins."

"The remaining time is less than half a year, and the ruins will appear."

"This time, there is a token of Fairy Moon in the ruins, so I must succeed."

"And some other super-emerging ones are eyeing them, so they must not be neglected." Hua Xin opened her mouth slightly, with incredible majesty in her voice.

"Yes." Yueru nodded immediately after hearing this.

For this trip to the ruins, it is very important.

"Okay, let's go back first."

"There are still a lot of things in the pavilion that I need to take care of." The master and apprentice stayed here for a while, and Hua Xin suddenly said.

"Okay." Yue Ru heard the words and immediately went back with her master.

However, when the two of them just got up and were about to return to the Wanhua Pavilion headquarters, a long cry crossed the sky, and Hua Xin's expression was extremely ugly.

Hua Xin looked up and saw an extremely vague figure in the Wanhua Pavilion headquarters, but the extremely bright power of life and death in the figure should not be underestimated!

"Xin'er, I'm Fentian, I'm here to atone for your sins." In the sky, a rather thin figure slowly stood up, but no one dared to underestimate this figure, because the figure contained in this figure Strength, otherwise any of the Wanhua Pavilion disciples present can handle it.

"Damn!"

"Have you informed the pavilion master?" In the sky, five Wanhua Pavilion powerhouses slowly appeared, directly blocking Fen Tian from being surrounded by water.

The clothes on these five powerhouses are obviously not ordinary disciples, but one of the best powerhouses in Wanhua Pavilion, but even so, these five powerhouses shrank tightly.

Rao is like this, and no one dares to go forward to fight against him.

Just because the person in front of him is the pavilion master of the Fenxiang Pavilion!

Fen Tian, ​​a genuine fighting immortal powerhouse!

"It has been notified."

"However, the pavilion master took Yueru to the back mountain to practice. I'm afraid it will take some time to get back." Among the five Wanhua Pavilion powerhouses, the weakest one was a playful woman at the level of a seven-star fighting emperor. .

"damn it!"

"Fenxiang Pavilion's pavilion master, our Wanhua Pavilion and you Fenxiang Pavilion's wells do not violate the river water. Why are you here today?" The woman was one of the strongest in Wanhua Pavilion, and Hua Xin's right-hand man.

Among the five powerhouses, all are the mainstay of Wanhua Pavilion. Among them, the woman with the strongest strength has actually reached the strength of the Nine Star Dou Emperor. I don’t know how many turns she has stepped into. Eight-star Dou Di is around, and his strength is extremely terrifying.

"Xiaohua, let Xin'er come out." Fen Tian and the women headed by these five strong men had already known each other, and immediately opened their mouths slightly.

"Bold!"

"Isn't my name just what you called it?"

"And who are you as the pavilion owner, are you the one who you want to meet!" The woman who Fentian called Xiaohua snorted coldly, frowned, and said quite angrily!

Xiaohua's name is Huayun, and she is the valet of the pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion. She travels with Huaxin along the way, and her final strength has reached the level of a nine-star fighting emperor. She is Huaxin's true capable leader!

"You know, I don't want to repeat what I said." Fen Tian naturally knew how much damage he had done to the Pavilion Master of Wanhua Pavilion, and immediately apologized.

"You go."

"The pavilion master's strength is improving. If she finds out, I'm afraid you won't be able to go back today." After struggling for a while, Hua Yun still said.

"Vice Pavilion Master, this matter..." When the other four Wanhua Pavilion experts saw this, they immediately looked at Hua Yun with some doubts, what was this guy doing.

"I know, but I'm here this time, and I don't plan to go back." Fen Tian laughed at himself, making a free and easy sound.

"Since you're not going to go back, then stay." Fen Tian's voice just fell, and the sky above the Wanhua Pavilion headquarters was suddenly hit by a fierce wind, and a coolness filled the sky, as if The ice is withering!

"You're here..." After Fen Tian felt the familiar aura, he immediately felt relieved and said something in a low voice.

"I'm coming."

"I'll take your life." Hua Xin left Yueru directly, her speed skyrocketed to the extreme, and she came directly to Fentian with a terrifying anger.

"Come on then."

"In my life, I have done too many things wrong."

"But only the feelings for you and her are unique." Fen Tian let go of his hands, exposed his chest, and closed his eyes slightly, enjoying himself.

"Fentian, do you have the guts to say it? Since you brought it on yourself!"

"That's no fault of me!" A trace of murderous intent flashed in Hua Xin's eyes, and a monstrous murderous intent suddenly emerged!

With the appearance of this terrifying power, bursts of terrifying power suddenly filled the sky.

"You go down."

"It's about me and him." Hua Xin was filled with killing intent, and then she said to the people around her.

"Miss, in fact, Fen Tian is also..." Hua Yun just wanted to explain, UU reading www.uukanshu. Com was woken up by Hua Xin's explosive drink.

"Get out of here!" Hua Xin resisted the anger in her heart and said word by word.

"Sigh..." Hua Yun heard the words, and immediately knew that he couldn't solve this matter no matter what, and immediately fell with a few strong men.

At this time, only Fen Tian and Hua Xin, who were radiating killing intent, were left in the sky with their eyes closed and waiting to die!

"Fentian, you brought it on yourself!"

"I've been waiting too long for this day..."

"Since you choose her, no one else can get what I can't get."

"It's over." Hua Xin resisted the tears and did not fall, and then the dazzling power of life and death slowly wrapped around her body, and a power of destruction that contained the power of heaven and earth was slowly born.

At the same time, in the faraway barren land of 100,000, on the site of the Poison Sect, where the Sect Master of the Poison Sect practiced, a world-renowned man suddenly opened his eyes, and then the speed skyrocketed to the extreme, facing the Wanhua Pavilion. Run away!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

And the woman kept saying, "Hua Xin, if you hurt him, then you, Wan Hua Pavilion, will have no life!"

As soon as the voice fell, the traces left behind by this woman were all shrouded in a shocking killing intent poisonous gas!

Ask for tickets!

The end of the fifth watch

Asking for tickets, all kinds of requests