Chapter Vol 4 1818: Underground Palace?

"Pfft." With a sound, Xiao Yan jumped over the lake water very easily and came to the courtyard house.

"This courtyard is towering like a temple, and there seems to be some unusual aura in it." Looking at the square building in front of him, Xiao Yan muttered to himself. For some reason, he saw the main hall in his eyes. At that time, his heart trembled for a while. This is extremely rare, but now that the arrow is on the string, Xiao Yan has no choice but to be careful. .

"Squeak." With a sound, Xiao Yan covered his body with holy flames, and immediately walked away from the main gate, gently pushing his palms open, directly opening the palace gate.

"Humans, we meet again." Just as the door was opened, an awe-inspiring **** smell spread out from the palace. That **** suffocation, even a battle-hardened veteran like Xiao Yan, felt a burst of blood. Aversion to cold.

"Gama?" Xiao Yan looked at it and found that there was nothing in the hall except Gamma. In the empty hall, only Gamma stood on a futon in the center of the hall, and the corners of his mouth appeared. A rare smile appeared.

"Just you?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

"You shouldn't have come." Gamma stood up gently, and immediately a strange smell emerged from his dark green hair and dark green pupils.

"Your crimes are truly lunatic." Looking at the current Gamma, Xiao Yan also understood something, did not move, stood gently on the edge of the gate, and said.

"Not crazy!"

"Not crazy!"

"We are not madmen!!!"

"We have already made a huge contribution to the new attributes of mankind, even if we sacrifice ourselves!"

"We are the pioneers, we are the guides of mankind!" Hearing Xiao Yan's plain voice, it stimulated a certain fragile nerve in Gamma, his pupils shrank tightly, and his voice was extremely harsh towards Xiao Yan Roaring, his face is as ferocious as a violent beast.

"I don't know if your Devil Fruit will succeed in the end, but you are contaminated with a devilish aura. You will be annihilated by the Great Thousand Worlds. You have no chance of surviving." Xiao Yan said, the basics of a devil. The characteristics are probably dark green evil hair and dark green pupils. Although Gamma also has this kind of power, the demon power in his body is probably less than one percent.

There is also the most important point. Now that the devil's lair has been completely destroyed by the wandering angel Mekal, I am afraid that only the negligible devil power in Gamma and the two devil fruits behind him, otherwise the devil will completely disappear from this world. , their years of research will all come to nothing.

"No, you are wrong."

"The division of power has never been divided into good and evil since ancient times."

"Every time a new attribute is born, blood will flow into a river, but as long as it is successful, it will be worth it."

"Because each new attribute appears, it will become a new era!" Gamma suddenly laughed.

"But I advise you, you shouldn't come here, you should retire. We will meet again on the day of the final election, and then you will witness the birth of the most pure-blooded demon."

"Susu!" The gloomy and ruthless laughter seemed to turn into bursts of magical sounds, stinging Xiao Yan's limbs, and Xiao Yan always felt that Gamma's words seemed to be for himself!

"Kacha!" Gamma's voice just fell, and the futon under Gamma's feet suddenly disappeared, a bottomless dark passage suddenly appeared, and then Gamma's figure also fell rapidly.

"The domain master of the endless fire domain..."

"It seems that what the prince said is not false. Although he didn't catch the old guys like Lin Hong, it is still a gain."

"Let's capture it." Just when Gamma just disappeared, in the entire empty hall, dozens of powerhouses surrounded by blood flashed like ghosts from the void of the hall.

"The two Seven Star Fighting Immortals... they really look down on me." At this moment, Xiao Yan's body tensed up involuntarily.

"If you don't want to die, just follow." Just as Xiao Yan was about to give his all, an evil voice appeared in Xiao Yan's mind.

"Gamma?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words, but he looked at the passage that was about to be closed on the futon in the center of the hall, and looked at the killing team led by the two Seven Star Fighting Immortals. Stuck in a futon.

"Damn!"

"This gamma destroys our good deeds!" Seeing that Xiao Yan escaped from the Longtan Tiger's Den, the two Seven Star Fighting Immortals cursed with resentment.

Gamma has been imprisoned here since he came to the palace. Lin Fengya used it as a bait, but who would have thought that their conspiracy was actually seen through by Gamma.

"Forget it, below is the underground palace where the prince and many adults are stationed. Xiao Yan is just going to die." As soon as the words fell, the place returned to calm.

"Where is this?" Xiao Yan followed Gamma and jumped directly into the mysterious passage of the futon. Although he temporarily escaped the killing of the two Seven Star Fighting Immortals, this dark void made Xiao Yan feel awe-inspiring~www. mtlnovel.com~ This is the underground palace. The end of this passage is Lin Fengya's bedroom. If you don't want to die, don't go to the end. The underground palace is full of underground palaces. There is Lin Fengya's ambition and conspiracy here. If you have the guts, then Just go for it..."

"It's also a test for you." Gamma's last voice fell, and there was only deathly silence in the space.

"It's inexplicable." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly at Gamma's babbling words, but with the fire of holy flame in his palm, he directly cut out a weak passage through the dark passage, and directly entered other areas of the underground palace without looking back. .

On the other side, Gamma landed in the underground bedroom, and was immediately bound by a shadow and led him somewhere, but the corner of his mouth was still muttering to himself: "Xiao Yan, I hope you don't disappoint me, Devil fruit, but only for the strong."

"We are all servants of the devil, as long as a real devil can be born, even if the body and spirit are destroyed, I am not afraid!"

"This is...where?" Xiao Yan left the passage and immediately came to a narrow stone wall passage.

The stone wall passage is two meters high and two meters long. It was just enough to accommodate one person to pass through. At this time, Xiao Yan walked through the stone wall passage with great difficulty. .

What Xiao Yan didn't expect was that this underground palace was filled with a very familiar aura, which Xiao Yan was familiar with.

"Soul Palace?" For a while, Xiao Yan's heart was surging with huge waves, but after a brief hesitation, he also cautiously walked towards the underground palace. First, he was familiar with the route, and secondly, Xiao Yan also wanted to see, this Lin Feng What is Ya and Soul Hall preparing for?