Chapter Vol 4 2098: The prestige formed by the 8th-grade elixirs of the Holy Order!

"Nima, this lunatic." Seeing Xiao Yan and the two directly intertwined into the thunder tribulation, some alchemists in the entire medicine valley couldn't help but secretly smack their tongues, that level of Dan Lei, a person might accidentally After being annihilated, their figures exploded back after the respite, maintaining a very safe distance from the thunder and tribulation clouds above the sky, but they were extremely curious in their hearts, what was Xiao Yan's death-defying behavior?

"Tear it off!" Xiao Yan and Xiao Lei had just submerged into it, and suddenly the thunder beams continued to linger, and the faint fluctuations emanating from them caused Xiao Yan's skin to have an extremely terrifying pain.

Three colors, five colors, and seven colors!

The three extremely ferocious Seven Profound Devil Lightnings seemed to be able to shatter Xiao Yan's body with a single blow, but the sheer size and power that filled them were exactly what Xiao Yan needed today!

Xiao Yan had indeed underestimated the enormous power required to refine the holy pills. In addition to the original battle with Yan Xuan, the Juling Peak was destroyed, and now he can only try it.

"If you don't succeed, become a benefactor. Hurry up." Xiao Yan frowned, and Xiao Lei looked at each other, so they both knew their own intentions, and an incomparably dazzling power immediately emerged from their bodies. In the middle, his eyes were fixed on the three seven mysterious thunderbolts above the sky.

The pill robbery contains extremely abundant and tyrannical energy. If Xiao Yan can take it as used, what's wrong with the success of the holy pill this time?

However, if it fails, its fate is probably self-evident.

"This guy, what are you going to do?" In an instant, following Xiao Yan's death-like strange behavior, countless figures looked at him at the same time.

Above the sky, in the domain that has long been isolated by Xiao Yan's holy flames, dozens of fierce thunderstorms headed by three thunderstorm clouds continue to whistle. , that kind of scene, but quite terrifying.

"Do it!" Looking at the terrifying power of thunder around him, Xiao Yan let out a cold snort, and the profound powers of the two suddenly emerged!

Xiao Lei took the lead, the lightning pattern on his body flickered, and it was as solid as a copper wall and an iron wall. A trace of gray thunder continued to linger, standing directly in the sky, forming the first line of defense, intercepting the most terrifying coercion of the world!

As for Xiao Yan, the strength in his body is weak, but he is slowly sitting in the air, and the strength in his body burns his own flame medicine cauldron. It was also under the very clever cover of Xiao Yan that he slowly plunged into it.

"This...it's not good!" Seeing Xiao Yan's actions like this, Yao Yixuan's beautiful eyes became extremely complicated, a trace of unease disappeared in an instant, and at this moment, it turned into countless horrors!

Xiao Yan's actions, how did he help the three of them to take over the Dan Lei, he simply wanted to use the power of the Dan Lei to infuse his holy pills with power, so as to completely melt the Dan Lei!

Because his strength is already insufficient, he can't successfully melt the pill!

"This guy, if he loses, he also loses."

"But if it is successful, I am afraid that I will become the number one person in the world of medicine refining!"

"These methods are too terrifying." Yao Yichen couldn't help taking a deep breath at this moment, his voice became extremely solemn, and said, three pieces of Seven Profound Demon Thunder, plus some powerful thunder tribulations, so Xiao Yan was talking and laughing about this huge scene. No one could match this kind of courage and courage!

"Humph!"

"The power of the Seven Profound Magic Lightning is not something that a seven-star Dou Xian who lacks Dou Qi can take over successfully!"

"With the blessing of three thunderclouds, even an eight-star fighting immortal can only be defeated!"

"The greed is not enough to swallow an elephant, be careful not to kill yourself!" Shen Hong gritted his teeth while looking at Xiao Yan's attitude, he naturally didn't want Xiao Yan to succeed, but because of the terrifying scene in the sky, he did Going to make trouble with powerlessness, after all, once you are submerged in it, it is no different from sending you to death.

"Boom!" Before the conversation between the several people could end, a lightning storm suddenly brewed out of the three seven mysterious thunderbolts in the sky in the sea of ​​​​fire domain. shoot away.

"Small trick of carving insects." Xiao Lei sneered when he saw this. The gray thunder around his body lingered on his fist, and he stepped out to form a lunge. Above his fist, the sun, moon and thunder were blooming. Smash it!

"Boom!" In an instant, the mountains and rivers were turbulent, and countless thunder beams overflowed from the center of the battle between the two. Even the seemingly fierce lightning storm was eaten away by Xiao Lei little by little. Horror, can't help but numb the scalp!

"Dang dang dang!" A moment after Xiao Lei took his attack, a similar lightning storm emerged from Xiao Lei's body, and roared away at Xiao Yan. To the flame medicine cauldron in front of him!

This lightning storm is also the power brewed by the Seven Profound Demonic Lightning. Xiao Lei's attack just now only filtered out the amount of madness in it.

"Qiangqiang!" With the injection of the power of lightning storm and thunder, and suppressed and controlled by Xiao Yan with his soul power, for a while, a shocking energy fluctuation erupted from the dying medicine cauldron!

And in the medicine cauldron, the neutralizing liquid and the snake swallowing the sky grass have been quiet all the time, and the last two-flavor core medicine liquid is also supported by this energy, and gathers towards the young pill!

"Bang bang bang!" With a sound, the dazzling energy directly broke through the medicine tripod, and a colorful energy beam rose into the sky countless stunned figures saw that there was a rounded pill, pill. Above, a touch of the strongest aura that surpasses all things gently emerges.

"Eighth rank of holy rank, Earth rank, Celestial Soul Transformation Pill, be born!" Looking at the stunned gazes of the people around him, Xiao Yan's voice sounded like the sound of rolling thunder, resounding throughout the majestic mountain range. The robbery clouds, like deflated stone balls, disappeared one after another.

At the same time, in the entire mountain range, the last traces of heaven and earth energy boiled directly. On the ground, flying sand and rocks, countless trees shook violently, and even the void emitted a trace of rare shattering, and countless spiritual wisdom in the mountain range. The demon beast was extremely quiet and extremely humble, and seemed to pay countless respects to this medicine pill, as if waiting for something to come.

In the sky, a golden arc of light lingered slowly like the morning sun, accompanied by bursts of refreshing rainbow rain, which revealed endless vitality.

At the moment when this golden arc of light appeared, the entire altar mountain, and many alchemists who wrapped up the competition, all lost their voices solemnly: "He... he actually succeeded?"

"Really...really...sacred...sacred pills?"