Chapter Vol 2 810: Lidou 2 7-star Doudi

"Xiao Yan, I didn't expect you to be in trouble with this guardian." Qi Haoran stood on the edge of the lava and said hatefully to Xiao Yan.

But at this time, Qi Haoran could obviously find the dazzling thunder tribulation in front of him, accompanied by the terrifying molten world below.

Originally, the two brothers had learned the power of the guardian, but they were forced into the swamp by the guardian, and they didn't know that there was a cave under the swamp.

"Since you already know it, why do you need to talk about it?" Facing the Qi family's second brothers, Qi Haoqing, who was in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, and Qi Haoran, who was in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, Xiao Yan was a little apprehensive, but he was far from letting go. Xiao Yan felt withdrawn.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Five minutes!" The fire beast of life and death seemed to know that something was wrong, and immediately said solemnly.

"Don't worry, since I have taken advantage of you, I will naturally help people to the end." Xiao Yan laughed with ease.

"Thank you very much for that." The Fire Beast of Life and Death did not hesitate to hear the words, and continued to devour the power in the molten world. With the power of Xiao Yan's holy flame, there was a faint trace of thunder and lightning. The appearance of robbery.

"I didn't expect it to be a fire beast of life and death. Fire of life and death is a good thing." Qi Haoran stared at the fire beast of life and death, but a strange smile appeared.

"Xiao Yan, let's count the new hatred and the old hatred together!"

"Go!"

"This guardian is going through a calamity, and his strength is greatly reduced." At the next moment, Qi Haoran said abruptly.

"I leave the guardian to you. As for Xiao Yan, leave it to me." Qi Haoran said to his brother Qi Haoqing.

Although his brother was also the strength of the Seven Star Dou Di in the early stage, Qi Haoran always felt that Xiao Yan was not so simple, so he immediately gave up.

"Let's go together, or if you lose, don't say that I didn't give you two a chance." Xiao Yan sneered directly at the second brother of the Qi family.

If it were in other places, Xiao Yan would definitely not be so arrogant, but this is the molten world after all, Xiao Yan himself is a fire attribute, and the addition of the sacred flame of the different fire and the molten world can be said to be a huge increase to himself, so in the It is not impossible to deal with two seven-star fighting emperors here.

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Yan, I think your brain is broken, right?"

"With your mere six-star Dou Emperor's perfect strength, you are trying to challenge our two Seven-star Dou Emperors?" Qi Haoqing immediately laughed contemptuously when he heard the words. Obviously, Xiao Yan was scared by the powerful strength of the two of them.

However, although Qi Haoran said that he was narrow-minded, he was extremely cautious. Following Xiao Yan's words, he immediately became vigilant.

"This guy is of the fire attribute. In the molten world here, the power of the two of us can be suppressed a little, but it is a very tyrannical increase for Xiao Yan." Qi Haoran said slowly in his heart.

"So much nonsense?" Xiao Yan said impatiently, and then his figure moved instantly!

"Go!"

"It's not good for us to fight for a long time here, we must defeat Xiao Yan as quickly as possible!" Qi Haoran said, and then without hesitation, he directly whistled away at Xiao Yan with all his strength!

"The fire is coming!" Facing the two seven-star fighting emperors, Xiao Yan was not afraid and said a word directly.

Following Xiao Yan's opening, several huge pillars of flame suddenly appeared in the hot molten world, and then rushed towards Xiao Yan frantically.

"Great Heaven's Fortune Palm!" Seeing the flames in the molten world come to him, Xiao Yan suddenly shouted!

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, a dazzling fiery red energy palm print appeared, frantically attacking the two of them!

"It's just a little trick to eagle worms!" Seeing this, Qi Haoran snorted contemptuously, and then suddenly waved his palm, and a sharp invisible wind immediately dissipated Xiao Yan's seemingly powerful attack.

"Eat me!"

"Mysterious Spirit Hand!" Qi Haoran had just cracked Xiao Yan's offensive when Qi Haoqing suddenly appeared beside him, and from this came the dark red terrifying energy in the palm of his hand!

"Bang Bang Bang!" Without any delay, he suddenly attacked Xiao Yan who was close at hand!

"Immortal body!" Faced with such a powerful attack from Qi Haoqing, Xiao Yan naturally did not think that he could stop him at will, and immediately summoned the body of Dou Di!

The body of the Dou Emperor just appeared, and immediately blocked Qi Haoqing's attack.

"The body of a fighting emperor?"

"Although this kind of thing is tyrannical, it has been eliminated for too many years, and you must be the only ones who still use it." Seeing this, Qi Haoran couldn't help but smile.

Although the body of Dou Di is very good, it integrates attack and defense in one, but because it is too complicated and requires too much energy and resources, now almost the entire Xuantian Santian, only Fenxiang Pavilion is still insisting on using it.

"That's not necessarily true!" A faint smile appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, and then the golden immortal body covering his body suddenly burst into the molten world with a smiling figure!

"This guy, can't be crazy..." Rao used Qi Haoqing's eyesight to see Xiao Yan rushing towards such a dangerous molten world. Can't support it for long!

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"The first weight!"

"Second level!" After a while, Xiao Yan suddenly gushed out of the molten world, and then the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire did not appear in his hands at this time, but the junior high school wrapped his golden immortal body. superior!

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, the golden immortal body suddenly became restless under Xiao Yan's control, and then the illusory hands that tightly held the ancient ruler of the different fires suddenly faced the second brother Qi Haoran Whistling away!

"This guy actually used the power of the molten slurry here." Qi Haoran's pupils flickered with surprise. Obviously, with the help of the power in the molten world, I am afraid that the two of them are seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouses, and they can't stand it!

"Shabu Shabu!" After a short while, two bright flames fell delicately in front of the second brothers of the Qi family.

The two brothers only felt a heat in their hearts. It seemed that the destructive fluctuations above the giant flame were extremely terrifying!

"Mysterious Spirit Hand!"

"Mysterious Spirit Palm!" The two brothers hesitated, but after all, they were seven-star Dou Di powerhouses. They were twitching the energy of life in their bodies in a short period of time, and suddenly slapped Xiao Yan's giant flaming ruler!

"Seven-star Doudi powerhouse is really difficult to deal with." Xiao Yan stood quietly in the molten world, his figure impressively protected the fire beasts of life and death behind him. As for the immortal body, it was attached to his own body, and The ancient ruler of the eternal fire is on the immortal body.

"Boy, today, you must die!"

"Haoqing, go ahead and hunt down Xiao Yan!" It seemed that after the warm-up phase, Qi Haoran's pupils flashed a strange blood color, and then said to his brother.

"Okay!" With Qi Haoqing's hairstyle, the pupils of the two suddenly became strange.

"This is……"

"The fifth grade of blood curse?" Although the second brothers of the Qi family did a great job of covering up, the fleeting blood color was still captured by Xiao Yan!