Chapter Vol 4 1139: Clan tattoos show their prestige!

"damn it!"

"How could this tenth color battle immortal robbery be an attack that touched the realm?"

"I didn't feel it when I experienced the Nine-Colored Bandou Immortal Tribulation!"

"Damn it!" The Soul Eater scolded loudly, his voice full of seriousness.

"Huhuhu."

"The strongest Fighting Immortal Tribulation is indeed well-deserved." Xiao Yan's body was already a little embarrassed by the attacks of the eight-colored thundercloud and the nine-colored thundercloud. At this time, he was facing the strongest one. said.

Because of Xiao Yan's perception, he suddenly discovered that since the appearance of this silver thunder calamity, Xiao Yan's control over the holy flame, and even the control of the holy flame space, seems to have been cut off abruptly!

It seems that this silver thunder is the real master of this space, and Xiao Yan just broke into his own territory and was punished for offending others!

"Xiao Yan, we won't accept this ten-color catastrophe, let's go!" And the Master of Soul Eater couldn't help but his voice suddenly changed, full of urgency!

The Lord of Soul Eater is very clear. If it wasn't for the support of the power of holy flame, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's limit would be the eighth color thunder tribulation. If Yan insists on taking it, I am afraid that both body and spirit will be destroyed!

The strength of Dou Immortal Tribulation is that it will turn into a cocoon and turn into a butterfly if it is passed. If it fails, it will be a real fall. The body and even the soul will be turned into ashes under the tribulation of ten colors!

Even if an archangel descends, using the resurrection magic will not help.

"No way, it seems that this guy is determined and can't get through with me." Xiao Yan shrugged helplessly, he could sense it, it was easy to draw out the catastrophe of the ten colors, and if he wanted to dissipate it after drawing it out, there was no other way but hard connection. .

"Damn!" And the Soul Eater also cursed secretly.

Only when he reached his level did he know how terrifying the realm was!

And this ten-color catastrophe is a fluctuation that contains the laws of the domain. If Xiao Yan insists on taking it, I am afraid there is no way to do it except to fall!

"Here it is!" The silver ten-color catastrophe paused for a while, isolating all of Xiao Yan's fire-attribute power, and then swept towards Xiao Yan rather slowly.

And every time the ten-color catastrophe swept through a space, the holy flame space showed signs of fragmentation. From this, it was enough to see how huge the power contained in this ten-color catastrophe!

"Plop, plop, plop!" And Xiao Yan's heart seemed to sense that Xiao Yan was in danger, it beat at high speed, and circles of blue flames emerged, trying to protect Xiao Yan.

"Crackling!" But the azure flame just emerged, and it was instantly dissipated by the heaven-shaking sound from the Ten-Colored Tribulation. Even so, the azure flame continued to emerge.

An azure flame emerged to try to protect Xiao Yan, and then instantly disappeared under the pressure of the Ten-Colored Tribulation.

"Soul Eater, trust me."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I still have a lot of things to do. If I don't have enough strength, I'll just die."

"In the three days of Xuan, I have experienced the powerlessness of lack of strength once, and I will not experience it one by one."

"So this tribulation of ten colors, I have to pass!" Xiao Yan's eyes slowly closed, and when he opened it, a dazzling fighting intent was radiated. This fighting intent was never seen by the Soul Eater After that, on the forehead, there is also a hidden mysterious pattern that slowly brightens up, and it is the power of the family pattern.

"That's what you want!" And the Master of Soul Eater was not good at saying anything, and said to Xiao Yan that no matter what, the Master of Soul Eater would protect Xiao Yan's last life.

"Yingying... take a break."

"The rest, leave it to me." Xiao Yan rubbed his heart lightly with his palm, and then the beating of his heart slowed down, and the blue flame also stopped surging.

"Let me, Xiao Yan, come to know what your ten-color power is!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the only power of fighting immortals that could be mobilized in the whole body emerged, and then wrapped his whole body, holding his hand into a fist, facing the ten-color power. The robbery attacked away, and in the clan lines on the forehead, it seemed that something was about to shatter!

Don't think that this punch is quite simple, but the power contained in it, I am afraid that the powerhouse in the early stage of One Star Fighting Immortal will be seriously injured in an instant if you are not careful!

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan's attack landed on the Tribulation of Ten Colors impartially, but when he touched it, he was restrained by an irresistible wave.

"Damn!" Xiao Yan couldn't help but said with a pale face.

"Si Si Si!" Above the silver thunder calamity, small silver thunders wrapped it, but on top of each thunder, there was a power that could easily destroy Xiao Yan.

"Sisi!" In the next moment, a tiny shred of thunder from the Ten-Colored Tribulation poured directly into Xiao Yan's body, trying to completely obliterate Xiao Yan from the inside out, so as to let him know the tyranny of the Ten-Colored Tribulation!

"Pfft!" Just as the thunderbolt poured into his body, a sense of anesthesia came. It was obvious that such a powerful thunderbolt force numbed almost all of Xiao Yan's senses just by seeing each other.

"Get out of here!" With a loud shout, blood spurted directly from his mouth, mobilizing the power of his soul, the power of fighting immortals to drive away the silver thunder, but it still failed.

"Bang bang bang!" Silver Thunder ignored Xiao Yan, and instead moved towards the depths of Xiao Yan's body. Seeing this battle, it was obvious that he wanted to break Xiao Yan's brain center and completely destroy Xiao Yan.

"Ah ah ah!"

"Get out of here!" A scream emerged from Xiao Yan's mouth, and on Xiao Yan's forehead, the Xiao family's clan lines covered with mysterious lines slowly appeared, but the clan lines at this time The above is rendered by Xiao Yan's blood, which is quite strange.

Even Xiao Yan didn't notice before that, under the influence of blood and the power of fighting immortals, ten circles of rather small golden lines appeared slowly in addition to the clan lines.

"Alas, it still won't work." The Soul Eater Lord didn't take action for a long time. Knowing this time, he couldn't help but say.

"Wait... what's the situation?"

"Why is this guy slowly waking up with a force stronger than my peak period?"

"How could it be possible..." The Soul Eater just wanted to make a move, but he felt a change.

"My son of the Xiao clan can also be obliterated by your mere celestial people?" An extremely arrogant voice suddenly burst out from the clan lines on Xiao Yan's forehead.

"Ten Yama, the guardian of the Xiao clan, you are not dead?" Hearing this voice, there was also a humanized exclamation in the Ten-Colored Tribulation.

"Bang bang bang!" And with the appearance of this voice, the tribulation of the Ten-Colored Fighting Immortals shattered!

And Xiao Yan's figure fell weak in an instant, but on the forehead, in addition to Xiao Yan's blood-colored clan pattern, there were ten small ancient golden lines, which protected the Xiao clan pattern. .

It's just that Xiao Yan didn't know that these ten ancient lines were the ten Yamas of their Xiao clan's protectors!

Far away, in the center of the heavens.

"Lord Heavenly Emperor, there is a guy in the ghost world who caused the ten-colored battle of immortal tribulation, but when the immortal tribulation was about to kill him at the end, he was blocked by ten forces."

"Those ten powers are a bit like the Ten Temples of the Protector of the Xiao Clan who were scattered in the Great Thousand World..." A thin and yellow figure respectfully said to a man with a full head beside him.

"Xiao Clan... It's really an ancient name."

"We celestial beings have been living in seclusion in the center of the celestial world for too long we should send people down to earth to understand the current pattern of the seven realms."

"Also, be careful of the guy in the center of the human world."

"They seem to be plotting something." After the silver-haired Heavenly Emperor finished speaking, he slowly disappeared into a stream of light.

And far away in the center of the human world, in the silent hall.

"My lord, I found that the breath of the Ten Yamas of the Xiao Clan appeared in the ghost world." A silver light uttered slightly.

"Tell me the realm masters of the Sifang Continent of Emperor Dou, if he can't find the Ten Temple Yama, let him pay for it with his life!" A domineering and sideways voice instantly scattered the silver light.

"Xiao Clan... No matter how grand you are, you will eventually fall into the hands of the center of our human world."

"Of course you are the heroes of the Great Thousand World War, but you are clinging to the secret of advancing to the God of War. If it is not for the order of the world master, I am afraid that the God of War of the Xiao family can't protect you..."

"However, even though all of your clansmen are imprisoned, we still can't ask the secret of advancing to Dou Shen, but I believe that as long as we find the Ten Temple Yama, we can ask the location of Paradise Lost."

"Isn't it easy to be promoted to the God of War?"

"At that time, how can the evil races outside the area be the opponents of the many fighting gods in the center of our human world... Hahaha!" In the silent palace, crazy laughter echoed, and over time.

Lay the ground up!

These plots will unfold slowly, but if the Seven Worlds Center is concerned, the plot is at the end, and it is still early to reach the middle part~