Chapter 234: Purify the spirit of resentment!

"Success!"

In the bottom of the ghost town, a voice full of excitement also echoed.

"Haha, you really succeeded by Xiao Yanzi..." The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

"Since it's successful, let's gather spirits for it in one go." The Golden Dragon King also said solemnly.

"En." Xiao Yan also suppressed the excitement in his heart, and then his dark brown pupils carefully stared at the blood-red water in front of him.

The reason why the blood-red water is gathered is because the blood-spirit ice liquid is partly composed of the blood of human death, so there is a lot of grievances from dead humans in this blood-red water, and this If the spirit of resentment of the blood spirit ice liquid is condensed according to the time, it will take a lot of time to condense, so now it is only considered to gather spirits.

The blood-red water filled with a rather **** smell, but the extremely low temperature in the water also made Xiao Yan excited.

"The light spot in the center of the water should be the embryo of the spirit of resentment..."

Xiao Yan also looked at the white light spot in the center of the blood-red water. The white light and the pool of blood-red water formed a clear contrast.

However, after the water all turned blood red, the color of the white light spot in the center also became darker.

"Boom boom boom!"

After a short pause, Xiao Yan also burst out with the power of a monstrous flame, attacking the white light spot in the blood-red water mass.

The flame just touched the white light spot, Xiao Yan first felt the terrifying temperature, and then clearly felt that the white light spot contained other auras.

"Some are unwilling, some are cruel, some are jealous..." Many breaths were mixed in the white light spots.

Xiao Yan also understands that the people who died here should also come for the treasures in this ghost town, but I don't know why they died in the ghost town. He single-handedly purifies the resentment in this white spot of light.

Xiao Yan's strange fire is the power born between heaven and earth, with extremely violent power, so it is not impossible to purify such grievances.

"Ah ah ah!"

A strange scene appeared.

As Xiao Yan's flames continued to attack the white light spot, the white light spot that was originally staying in the blood-red water suddenly shook, releasing a rather evil aura, and then the blood-red water instantly retreated to the two sides , spread out, leaving behind a white spot of light.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan was also overjoyed. Even if this blood spirit ice liquid was a semi-finished product, the restraint on his own power of strange fire was very huge, because this blood spirit ice liquid could be called by his master, the Golden Dragon King, to devour holy flames. Necessities, the extreme cold temperatures are also unmatched.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, after seeing the blood spirit ice liquid surrounding the white light spots slowly dispersing, the power of Xiao Yan's strange fire also instantly rebounded and reached its peak.

Under the terrifying fire of Xiao Yan, the white spot of light gradually lost its support, and the next moment, the evil aura also spread from the white spot of light.

"Ah ah ah!"

A gigantic figure instantly floated in the white spot of light, apparently being continuously baked by Xiao Yan's strange fire, which seemed very painful.

"Humanity……"

"Death..." It seemed that he couldn't speak fluently, but the terrifying aura on his body also made Xiao Yan frown slightly.

A huge illusory figure floated above the white light spot, with a head and a brain, but no lower body.

"The art of controlling fire!" Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, and then a huge soul force poured out instantly, and the handprints in his hands were constantly changing.

At the moment when Xiao Yan's handprint was completed, nine very ferocious giant fire snakes quickly attacked the illusory figure on the white light spot in front of them with terrifying power.

Naturally, this fire control technique was born after Xiao Yanjin entered the emperor realm mortal soul, and through the huge soul perception and control power, his mastery of flames was also improved to a higher level.

"Breakthrough!"

When the nine huge fire snakes came to the vicinity of the white light spot, they stopped moving, but the snake mouths were constantly swallowing snake letters.

The illusory figure above the white light spot also seemed to feel the unusualness of these nine fire snakes, and then the illusory black pupils slowly turned blood red!

"This spirit of resentment was able to possess such power just after gathering together. I really don't know how many people gathered together this half-finished blood spirit ice liquid..." The Golden Dragon King said slowly in a regretful voice.

Naturally, Xiao Yan didn't have time to listen to what his master, the Golden Dragon King, said. At this time, Xiao Yan wholeheartedly displayed his huge soul power to control the nine fire snakes.

It is no exaggeration to say that the power contained in each of these nine fire snakes is in no way inferior to the full-strength blow of a three-star Dou Di peak powerhouse!

The nine fire snakes were neither in a hurry nor slow, slowly swallowing the snake letter, and then the snake pupils stared at the illusory figure above the white light spot, in order to seek a fatal blow!

The illusory figure above the white light spot sensed the danger, and after the eyes turned blood red, a blood-red terrifying energy also emerged from the white light spot in an instant, and then formed a layer of terror on the illusory spirit of resentment. defense!

"This beast is so cunning..." Xiao Yan also frowned slightly, then said slowly.

The reason why Xiao Yan didn't attack the nine fire snakes immediately was because Xiao Yan's huge soul force felt that the spirit of resentment had not fully gathered. In order to obtain the complete blood spirit ice liquid, Xiao Yan also You can only wait until the white light spot disappears, when the white resentment spirit gathers together.

After fully gathering spirits, as long as you defeat or purify this spirit of resentment, you can get the complete blood spirit ice liquid!

The blood spirit ice liquid of the complete product is the most important thing that swallows the holy flame, so it cannot be sloppy.

But at this time, the disappearance of the white light spot also means that the spirit of resentment is fully gathered.

"I've been waiting for you for a long time!" Xiao Yan said with a smile.

Xiao Yan also saw that the time was right, and then instantly pushed his hands forward, and instantly launched a terrifying attack.

Following Xiao Yan's order, the nine huge fiery snakes suspended in front of the resentful spirit, also with a mighty aura, opened their **** mouths, and violently bited away at the resentful spirit.

"Shabu Shabu!"

The nine huge fire snakes originally surrounded the spirit of resentment, and the next moment, the huge snake mouth greeted the spirit of resentment.

The originally imagined scene did not appear. The nine huge fire snakes seemed to be blocked by something, and the **** mouth seemed to be biting on the air less than one meter away from the spirit of resentment.

"Why don't you give up..." Xiao Yan also murmured.

Xiao Yan also knew that the nine giant snakes with a mighty aura were biting on the defensive energy of the spirit of resentment.

However, this spirit of resentment is a semi-finished product, which was born in advance by Xiao Yan’s activation of the power of flame. Otherwise, the half-finished blood spirit ice liquid, although there is only a corner of the water, does not change color, but the spirit of resentment does not change color. Birth is still a long time away.

The original illusory body of the spirit of resentment was solidified after the pupils turned red, and then the pupils kept turning. Obviously, although the spirit of resentment was a half-finished product, it was just condensed by Xiao Yan, facing the attack of death, it came out. Instinct, intelligence is also slowly awakening.

Ask for tickets!