Chapter Vol 4 1863: Demon Emperor!

"Boom!" The deafening magic sound spread out from the body of the evil eyed emperor, and instantly turned into a substantive magic sound, roaring out of the hall of immortal flames.

"Squeaky!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan protected the little girl behind him, and a layer of amber crystals of ability continued to emerge on top of his body.

Amber flame soul fire, holy flame armor!

This is also through the power of the devil, after the armor of the devil, Xiao Yan's mastery of Sheng Yan has been improved to a higher level!

The amber Saint Flame Armor was like an amber crystal that tightly protected Xiao Yan's body, like a real **** of war, with extremely terrifying power swept out from his body.

"Shabu Shabu!" Just after the incomparably evil black magic voice touched Xiao Yan's body, it instantly drowned like a moth to a flame.

"Bastard!" Seeing this, the Evil Eye Emperor saw the demonic energy around his body constantly boiling, and there was an indescribable strange fluctuation in the evil eyes.

"Henggu Ruler!" Xiao Yan did not talk nonsense, the Henggu Ruler appeared in his hand behind him, and with the help of the explosion technique, his body jumped up abruptly, and went directly to the Evil Eye Emperor.

"Boom!" With a sound, the Evil Eye Emperor looked at Xiao Yan's fearless behavior, smiled slightly, raised his hands at the same time, and an extremely evil energy arrow condensed out and flew towards Xiao Yan's oncoming line. shoot away.

"Dang dang dang!" The metal-like touch, the harsh sound shook the hall, and a moment later, with the blessing of Xiao Yan's power, Heng Gu Chi broke through the evil arrow in one fell swoop, with an unstoppable divine force, Go to the evil eye emperor.

"Evil Eye, blood eats the sky!" Seeing Xiao Yan's tyrannical attack, Emperor Xie Eye's face showed a strange sneer. Immediately, a gleam of light suddenly flashed in his pupils, and he rushed towards Xiao Yan with the momentum of lightning!

"careful!"

"That's an extremely evil pupil technique!" At this time, the little girl behind her seemed to remember something, and a strong sense of worry emerged from her **** eyes.

Because he seems to have been defeated by this attack at the beginning, the evil eye emperor is a foreign evil race who specializes in soul power so that he can use his pupil technique to attack. If he is hit by his pupil technique, I am afraid...

This Evil Eye Emperor and Medusa's petrified pupil have the same purpose, but their accomplishments in pupil art are very different.

"Hmph." Xiao Yan didn't mean to stop, he still used the power of the Holy Flame Armor, and the Henggu ruler on the palm of his hand approached heavily, but the four layers of soul in the body shook uncontrollably, a circle The atmosphere of the circle is as vast as the sea, sweeping out.

"..." When the invisible pupil attack hit Xiao Yan a few meters away, it was suddenly dissipated by a colorless and transparent soul force.

"Pfft!"

"How is that possible?" At this moment, the pupils of the originally rebellious Evil Eye Emperor suddenly shrank, and a mouthful of extremely dark evil blood spurted out, bloodshot in his pupils, obviously because Xiao Yan cracked his attack, he suffered a lot. injury.

However, this cannot be blamed on Emperor Xie Eye. After all, he is an emperor-level alien from outside the territory. He is even more powerful in the early stage of Seven Star Fighting Immortals, and his soul power has also reached the realm of "Too Void". Today, he can obliterate most of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals. Humans, unfortunately Xiao Yan's soul power has already broken through the "too imaginary".

After the soul power reached "Hua Yuan", Xiao Yan found that his perceived power range was wider, and for a guy with a small strength gap like the Evil Eye Emperor, his every move could not escape. own perception.

It may be rude to say that the improvement of soul power is not only of great help to the alchemist, but also allows Xiao Yan to perceive the next move of the Evil Eye Emperor in advance. Now the Xie Eye Emperor's every move is in Xiao Yan's hands. In the line of sight, there is no suspense of victory or defeat.

"Take out your strongest blow... otherwise you won't have a chance." After a fight, Emperor Xie Eye used a lot of tricks, but to Xiao Yan, the latter's pupil attack was just a joke , that is the absolute gap of soul power!

"Ahhh!"

"Humble human being, take a blow from me!"

"Myriad Eyes Body, Demon Soul!" Hearing Xiao Yan's indomitable sarcasm deeply hurt Emperor Xie Eye's heart. Although he was only the bottom of the emperor class, when would a six-star fighting immortal be born? Humans in the mid-term can also despise themselves so much?

"Weng Om!" At this moment, the blood glow in the eyes of the Evil Eye Emperor skyrocketed, and his eyes locked tightly on Xiao Yan. At the same time, two blood glow rays proliferated.

They are extremely evil, with the special power to destroy all things, pierce through the void, shoot out from the eyes of the evil eyed emperor, and shoot away at Xiao Yan.

"Huhu...that's the way to go!"

"Swallowing Flame Technique!" Looking at Emperor Xie Eye's terrifying attack, Xiao Yan not only did not have any fear, but a surge of excitement emerged in his eyes, and his strength instantly increased to the level of Six Star Fighting Immortal Perfection, his arm firmly grasped Henggu The ruler, wrapped in amber holy flame armor, jumped suddenly, and directly attacked with the two blood lights.

"Devil Soul Possessed!"

"Little human, let this emperor fall!" Looking at the two who were deadlocked in the middle of the hall, the Evil Eyed Emperor waved his hand, and an evil soul shadow vaguely wrapped in a pale yellow flame wrapped around his body, covering the incomparably evil spirit. His aura was rendered to the limit, and he suddenly waved towards Xiao Yan's location.

For a time, the entire hall changed color, and even those sacred white jade pillars hummed and shook, extremely uneasy.

"Henggu... Saint Mark Slash!" The void behind Evil Eyed Emperor was wriggling strangely, and then a giant ruler flashing with an unusually dazzling flame saint pattern easily hit his body.

"Boom!" The holy pattern in the center of the ancient ruler was the hand of Tuo Sheguni. At this time, with the help of Xiao Yan's enhancement, it was like a scorching sun, shining with endless sacred majesty, and amber flames lingered around the ruler, completely destroying the evil eye emperor. Burn up.

"Ah ah ah!" At this moment Evil Eye Emperor's eyes filled with a dead gray, obviously from the man in front of him, he really smelled a wave of death.

"Want to go?"

"The Great Thousand World is not a place where you evil people come and leave when they want to, let's fall here completely." Looking at the eyes of the Emperor Xie Eye, he glanced at the flames of golden paper on the steps in the center of the hall. The body slowly became illusory, obviously trying to escape from here.

"Boom!" Acacia Flame Domain and Immortal Flame Domain emerged at the same time, directly blocking all escape routes. Coupled with the emergence of the source of amber holy flame in his hand, Xiao Yan was like a judge who controls life and death, and he remains high.

"No!" At this moment, Xie Mu's body was cold, and a downright horror filled his body.

"Kacha Kacha!" With a sound, the Emperor Xie Mou didn't have any chance to resist, but screams continued to emerge. After a moment, it was actually under the action of Xiao Yan's incomparably sacred holy flame domain and holy flame, and the ashes disappeared. .

The extraterritorial evil clan that is as strong as the emperor level has become so vulnerable in Xiao Yan's hands now, and Xiao Yan's growth rate is also slowly increasing at a terrifying speed.