Chapter Vol 4 1466: Rush to the rescue!

As Xiao Yan and the two rushed to a certain place in the Demon Suppression Prison, there were also touching scenes happening here.

"Sister Fei'er, now we are besieged by many of their powerhouses. If this continues, I'm afraid there is no way..." Behind a hidden stone under a dark rainforest, several Dongzhou powerhouses emerged here.

These powerhouses are mainly Du Qifei, Mu Ge, the Yu family sisters, and Liu Qingyunqi, but at this time, all of them have scars of varying degrees on their bodies, obviously they were plotted against.

After these people just entered the Demon Suppression Prison, they were separated from Xiao Yan and the others. Later, when they found some valuable evil things and wanted to kill them in exchange for points, they were chased by Xiyun Pavilion. .

And this Xiyun Pavilion seems to have joined forces with other forces, aggressively attacking several of them along the way, but did not kill, as if waiting for something.

"It can't go on like this..."

"I'll stop them in a while, you all act according to chance. As long as we leave their siege, we will be fine." At that time, Duo Qi Fei Liumei stood up slowly, and then said, she knew that at this time, only herself could lead by example. Otherwise, their situation would be even more miserable.

"No, Sister Mayfair, you can't go out."

"Behind these guys in Xiyun Pavilion, there should be other powerhouses hiding in the dark, and I deduce that the reason why they haven't hit a killer all the time seems to be waiting for something." Liu Qing looked at everyone's puzzled eyes and analyzed it immediately.

Liu Qing has a lot of things hidden in her body, but she didn't want to expose it too early, so she also fell into this situation.

"What are you waiting for?" The sisters of the Yu family also shook their heads slowly when they heard the words.

"Wait for Xiao Yan?" The next moment, Yun Qi said in surprise, obviously everyone knew what happened with Mu Xi on the spaceship before.

"I'm afraid this is the only possibility." Mu Ge heard the words and got up slowly, but this guy's injuries were extremely serious. Obviously, he was beaten a lot to cover the retreat of the girls along the way.

"Xiao Yan...you don't want to be tricked." When the other girls heard the words, they also prayed slowly in their hearts, and then tried their best to recover their fighting spirit, preparing to fight Xiyun Pavilion for life and death.

In another place, outside the rainforest, several figures slowly hide here.

"Mu Xi, what are you doing?"

"The few guys on the Eastern Continent are no different from the chips in our hands now, why not kill them all in one go?"

"And these people are probably the strongest people above Eastern Continent. That hydrating figure and figure, tsk tsk tsk."

"If you can defeat and conquer them, then Dongzhou's face will probably no longer exist." One of the men's eyes showed some nasty expressions, and he smiled grimly.

"Hey, I'm not interested in these girls. Just use them as bait to lure out Xiao Yan, and we will join forces to arrest Xiao Yan. After this is done, they will all belong to you." Mu Xi watched everyone's every move through the rainforest. , laughed.

"Since that's the case... then I wish us a happy cooperation in advance." The expressions of the two men became strange, and obviously they laughed when they thought that the watery women above Dongzhou were like playthings in their hands. stand up.

The two sides were quiet for a while.

"This Xiao Yan hasn't shown up for a long time, it seems to be a bit ruthless." After a few quarters of an hour, and seeing that there was no breath around him, Mu Xi said immediately.

"Then let them suffer a little bit of flesh and blood, but it's a bit unbearable to destroy the flowers." As soon as the words fell, the three figures slowly disappeared, and immediately they were hidden from the Dongzhou powerhouse. go.

"They're here, be careful!" In an instant, Yun Qijiao, who was behind the rock, groaned, his voice full of urgency.

Of the six of them, apart from Mu Ge, the strength of one person has reached the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal, and the others are only at the initial stage of the Three Star Fighting Fairy. A tougher guy.

"It seems that Xiao Yan doesn't care about your life or death!"

"In the end, it's just a guy who is greedy for life and fear of death. I really overestimated it before." The three of Mu Xi slowly came to the back of the rock, and suddenly Mu Xi sneered.

"So strong!" Liu Qing's beautiful eyes slowly wrinkled. Obviously, Mu Xi's strength was originally in the middle stage of the Three-Star Dou Xian, but now it has reached the late stage of the Three-Star Dou Xian!

In addition to the two guys next to Mu Xi who were bathed in black robes and couldn't see their faces clearly.

The three three-star Fighting Immortal late stage powerhouses, such a tyrannical lineup, in the Demon Suppression Prison, I am afraid they can also walk sideways.

"I'll stop them, you all go!" In an instant, Mu Ge forcibly supported the serious injuries in his body, and suddenly stood up, a dazzling fighting spirit emerged,

"You bastard, you haven't suffered enough..."

"Just let me play with you." One of the black-robed figures walked directly towards the pastoral song and immediately isolated him.

"Now... I see what else you can do!"

"Since Xiao Yan is just a coward, then you all die!"

"Remember, your downfall is because of Xiao Yan's greed for life and fear of death!"

"Hahaha!" In an instant, Mu Xi seemed to be crazy, his pupils shrank tightly, and then roared hideously.

"Did this guy take the wrong medicine... Why is his breath not right?" Another man in black robe shook his head.

"Do it!" In an instant, the two daughters Liu Qing and Du Qifei looked at each other and nodded, and the dazzling fighting spirit suddenly permeated.

"Light attribute grudge?"

"Thunder attribute grudge?"

"The girl with the thunder attribute is very powerful, I like it." The next moment, following Du Qifei and Liu Qing's shots, the man in black robe laughed.

"Since your brother likes it, then let's do it with you." After Mu Xi finished speaking, he also slowly stepped aside to entangle Liu Qing, and then stared at the remaining three girls to prevent them from escaping.

"Thunder Sound!" Duo Qifei naturally wouldn't underestimate the enemy, and with a coquettish anger, the power of thunder emerged from his body, so he scattered in this space with bursts of Sanskrit sounds.

"Weng Om Om!" Wherever Sanskrit went , countless evil auras suddenly retreated, and even when he approached the black-robed man, a tyrannical oppression swept out.

"It's a good thunder attribute vindictiveness, but unfortunately the gap between us is too big, and you have a lot of injuries on your body."

"It's over!" The figure of the black-robed man slowly flew into the air, and an incomparably brilliant red flame spread out from the body in an instant, and then wrapped the whole body around, and suddenly formed a ferocious fire dragon with a size of 100 meters, with a tyrannical breath, trying to Obliterate Duqifei.

"What's the power of Xiaotian..." Duo Qifei saw this, biting his silver teeth, a hint of stubbornness flashed in his beautiful eyes, and then the power of thunder in his body suddenly soared a little, even a trace of it was hard to detect with the naked eye. The gray power of , quietly poured into the silver thunder.

"Go to hell!" The black-robed figure suddenly drank, and they were all those gorgeous fire dragons, like a bird frightened, ejected abruptly, with a fierce aura that destroyed everything, and suddenly attacked Du Qifei.

"Sister Fei'er, go back!"

"Too strong!" When Liu Qing saw this, there was a hint of shock in his beautiful eyes, and shouted.

"It's too late..." Duo Qifei looked at the three girls behind him, if he retreated, then this tyrannical attack would fall on them.

The next moment, the Dou Core in the body suddenly shrank, and even a trace of gray thunder continued to appear between the eyebrows, and then smiled at everyone: "Leave it to me."

However, no one noticed. When the power of the gray thunder between the eyebrows was injected into Du Qifei's body, Du Qifei's expression was extremely painful, but it just disappeared in a flash.