Chapter 212: An eye-popping 10th!

The battle can be considered to be over at this time.

Under the attack of Xiao Yan, the injured Yu Hui and Yu Jing escaped!

Although Xiao Yan also wanted to kill Yu Hui, but the mysterious effect of the token for the competition, just crushed it and left the Infernal Corpse Forest, Xiao Yan was helpless.

"His grandma's!"

"They are so dead and they are running, what should I do with the points?" But when he realized it, Xiao Yan scolded!

Because if the token is crushed, what about those points on top of the token?

This is what he fought so hard to earn points. Xiao Yan doesn't care about the nine super sects and the ranking of this trial, if only the top ten are qualified to go to the Xuanling Royal Family!

That's where the holy flames are concerned! Even if there is only a slight possibility, it cannot be missed, after all, the rarity of the holy flame is well known.

If the points disappeared, Xiao Yan would be extremely depressed.

"Points..."

"It's already in our hands!" Yue Rubei said in surprise as her lips moved slightly.

Because at the moment when Yu Jing was attacked by Xiao Yan and died and Yu Hui escaped, a few rays of light also flew towards them!

"Oh?" Hearing that, Xiao Yan also hurriedly took out his token, and then he was shocked to find that the number on his token jumped from 500 at the beginning to 25,000 now!

And on the token in Xiao Yan's hand, a conspicuous 10 slowly appeared!

Impressively, he soared directly to the 10th place in this trial!

"Sure enough..." Xiao Yan also said with a smile, after all, only Xiao Yan dared to do such a terrifying thing with such a daring artist.

"It really gave us a big bargain!" Mu Feng also said with a grin, because although the points of the token in Mu Feng's hand were not as much as 20,000 in Xiao Yan's hand, it has now increased to 13,000. The ranking on the card also instantly soared to 94!

At this time, Mu Feng was completely defeated by Xiao Yan. If possible, he would definitely pull this Xiao Yan into the Burning Incense Pavilion. Then...

"Hehehe..." Mu Feng also laughed.

And the token on Yueruyu's hand has also increased to 12,700 points, and the ranking has also been raised to 99th!

With the end of the battle, some eye-catching words appeared on the tokens of the contestants in the corpse forest.

"Xiao Yan, the pinnacle of the three-star Dou Di, fought the wounded Yu Hui by himself, and Yu Hui was defeated! Replacing the tenth place!"

"Yueru, Mu Feng was injured in the battle against Yu Jing, and Yu Jing was defeated! There are 99 Yueru and 94 Mu Feng in the early four-star Dou Di!"

Two huge pieces of information also spread with a bang.

"Haha, this Xiao Yan is really a daring and talented person. It is the first time I have seen him in so many years to be able to rely on his strength at the peak of the three-star Dou Di in the trials." Hu Du also looked at him. Xiao Yan's every move in the crystal ball.

"Hehe, this kid is the only one who has reached tenth level in soul power in the past thousand years. I am also looking forward to this kid reaching various levels in this point grabbing competition." Wu Jiang also said with admiration.

"But although this is true, Xiao Yan's strength at the peak of the three-star Dou Emperor is not enough to support him in the tenth place. After all, all the people who can enter the top ten are the powerhouses of the late four-star Dou Emperor, or even that Mu Yingying is already a powerhouse at the pinnacle of the four-star Dou Di, I wonder how long he can last?" Hu Du also laughed.

"This kid is not as simple as you think. If you don't believe it, just wait and see." Wu Jiang also didn't argue with Hu Du. After all, if they started arguing, it could last for several days.

"This tenth place is actually the strength of the peak of Samsung Dou Di?"

"Is there something wrong with the token..."

"No, it's impossible for the token to go wrong..." There were constant voices in the corpse forest.

"A bunch of idiots!"

"It's a joke to actually be awarded points by this Xiao Yan!"

"The mere strength of the peak of the three-star Dou Di can also be involved in this tenth place. Let me find you and make you spit it out!"

"Let's go, they definitely haven't gone far!" Qiu Huo Niao also said angrily, and then rolled his eyes, looking around like a bird, and then heading towards a place that has been razed to ruins!

"Hehe, Xiao Yan?"

"The strength of the peak of the three-star Dou Emperor actually wants to keep the tenth place. It's a bit ridiculous." A man with a giant axe said with a disdainful face, and after that, he went to the place where Xiao Yan was!

The discerning person knew at a glance that this person was the eleventh-ranked snow axe, Xu Ni, with a giant axe as the main force, fighting a thousand jins, a powerhouse in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Di!

"This three-star Dou Emperor's peak strength can defeat Yu Hui in the late four-star Dou Emperor. This Xiao Yan also has some secrets."

"However, this kid named Xiao Yan is actually cheap..." Mu Yingying also saw the conspicuous words, and she immediately bit her mouth and said coquettishly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger transformed into a human figure and followed Mu Yingying, and the two were now at the entrance of the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest.

"Xiao Yan, are you alright?" After the battle, Yueru and Mu Feng also noticed that Xiao Yan's breath was a little weak at this time, so they asked with concern.

"It's alright, protect me and I'll take care of it." Xiao Yan also responded, obviously dealing with the two remaining Hui and Yu Jing and causing him a lot of damage, but it was all worth it.

Yueru's strength has already reached the early stage of the four-star Dou Emperor. Although her speed of improvement is much faster than that of Xiao Yan, who made Yueru the inheritor?

"It's really too hard to deal with the powerhouses in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Di..." Xiao Yan also whispered in his heart After all, the reason why Yu Jing and Yu Hui were defeated by Xiao Yan was that Xiao Yan caught them all by surprise, and the two of them were also injured, so they were defeated by Xiao Yan. If they were replaced by Yu Hui and the two of them at their peak, Xiao Yan would have to deal with one of them. As for the two, it would be quite difficult.

"Hehe, Xiao Yanzi, since Long Yi decided to submit himself and become a ruler, he naturally wanted him to show enough sincerity." The voice of the Golden Dragon King also sounded in Xiao Yan's mind.

"Huh?" Compared to Xiao Yan, he was also overjoyed. Although he didn't know what the flame on Long Yi was, according to Xiao Yan's knowledge of the power of the flame, the flame on Long Yi's body was valuable and could be ranked in the list of different fires on Dou Qi Continent. top ten!

If the flame on Long Yi can be combined, then for Xiao Yan, who is now at the peak of the three-star Dou Emperor, stepping into the four-star Dou Emperor is also a matter of course.

After Long Yi became a ruler, Xiao Yan Liu had this idea, but this Long Yi and his master Jinlong King are impressively from the dragon family, and they are difficult to destroy, so Xiao Yan did not act rashly, but now his master Jinlong If Wang said so, then things would be easy.

Xiao Yan saw that Yueru and Mu Feng were protecting the Dharma for him, so he smiled and picked up the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng in his hand, and looked at the beautiful dragon pattern on the ruler.

Chi Linglongyi, who was entrenched in the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire Eternal, also seemed to have discovered Xiao Yan's actions, and then a feeling of unease filled his heart!

Ask for tickets!