Chapter Vol 4 2075: trade!

The latest website: "My dear, what are you really thinking about? In this case, the journey of the medicine family is too exciting for me." Seeing this, Xiao Yan did not have any fear, but instead, in the sea of ​​fighting qi in his body, The wood-type bucket core boiled violently, and a rather greedy wave swept out!

After the baptism of the original Star Continent, Xiao Yan has learned a lot about the wood attribute, but there is still one last shackle. Once he breaks through this shackle, Xiao Yan will truly control the second attribute!

Wood property!

Being able to use the power of the wood attribute and truly controlling the energy of the wood attribute are two different things. Xiao Yan believes that his combat power will soar and reach a whole new level.

According to Xiao Yan's investigation, the strength of the wooden puppet demon in front of him has already entered the eighth-rank immortal rank for a long time. Its strength is undeniably tyrannical. Gotta get hot, this guy, whatever he says, he has to get it!

"Hey!" When Xiao Yan looked like this, the wooden puppet demon standing on the ancient tree in the sky slowly swayed and controlled, and the ancient tree suddenly spread out, and there was a sense of distortion. After a few breaths, the ancient Pieces of yellowed leaves on the tree fell off easily, and at the same time, with a majestic energy, they stabbed at Xiao Yan at an angle like a poisonous snake!

The sky is full of fallen leaves and the wind is killing them. At first glance, there is a kind of stinger that will be stabbed into a hornet's nest, and the scalp is numb.

"Dragon God Transformation First Transformation!"

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan's eyes flashed brightly, and he let out a low roar, his body and bloodlines became strange, and even the terrifying offensive of those fallen leaves was easily resisted by Xiao Yan's skin, like a breeze blowing, It did not cause any impact on Xiao Yan's body.

"Death!" Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, the wooden puppet demon seemed to be provoked.

The magic sound is harsh, making people feel dazed by it.

However, I have to say that the appearance of this so-called wooden puppet demon is also extremely mysterious. The overall size is the same as that of Xiao Yan, but there is no skin or flesh on the whole body. Is it a wooden man composed purely of wooden blocks?

But at the chest of the wooden puppet demon, a green liquid flickered slightly, which seemed to form the heart of the wooden man, sending a steady stream of power to it.

"Pick me up!" Xiao Yan touched the ground with his forefoot, his speed skyrocketed, and he went straight towards the ancient tree with the momentum of thunder and lightning, and even the solid ground below was kicked by Xiao Yan like this. A pit emerges.

"Crack!" Feeling Xiao Yan's rude provocation, the ancient tree was like a most loyal servant. Countless branches fell off from the tree body, forming a roaring eagle soul shadow with eyes of the eagle soul. Extremely violent, exuding a sense of chill, staring closely at Xiao Yan.

"No Phase Slash!" Feeling the shortness of the ancient tree, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say that when the ancient ruler was taken off, an invisible energy ripple was released and directly hit the eagle soul in the sky, but this attack was stronger than any previous attack. be weak.

"Bumble!" The feathers on the Eagle Soul's body stood upright, and the scarlet eagle mouth opened immediately, and the big mouth of the blood basin directly bit at Xiao Yan's thin body.

"Tear it!" The two majestic attacks came into contact slowly, but Xiao Yan's calmness disappeared in an instant, and a trace of awe-inspiring emerged, watching his attack slowly fall into the downwind, and immediately lost his voice, "How is it possible?"

As soon as the words fell, the eagle soul instantly shredded Xiao Yan's attack, and one after another extremely violent energy fluctuations swept away, and immediately waved the huge eagle wings, as if mocking Xiao Yan's self-control, directly facing Xiao Yan's heart Biting away, trying to end Xiao Yan's life with one blow.

"Bang bang bang!" At the same time, the outside world could only see a majestic force venting out from the place where the two were fighting, and the crystal prism that recorded Xiao Yan's picture immediately turned black and white.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan could almost be said to be the real dark horse of this grand ceremony. This action undoubtedly brought countless dissatisfied voices.

"He was trapped by the wood puppet demon, and the transmission of the picture was torn apart by the wood puppet demon. We can't intervene. I'm afraid we can only see his own." Yao Xuanyi had nothing to do about it. He could only say helplessly, but even he could not have imagined that Xiao Yan's combat power was so weak?

After all, the crystal prism in front of him was constructed by the power of space, and now there is no trace of Xiao Yan, and they have no way to intervene, everything can only rely on him.

"Brother Xiao Yan is really smart." Xun'er already knew Xiao Yan's intentions like a prophet. After all, the power of Wuxiang Slash was more than ten times weaker than usual. He must have noticed that he was being watched, so he had this scene.

At the same time, in the Medicine Valley Mountains.

"Hey, did you feel comfortable playing?" Feeling the faint trace of the power of the soul, Xiao Yan also understood that his surveillance had been interrupted, so he didn't run away. out.

"Pfft." With a sound, another phaseless slash shot out, and the mighty eagle soul shattered without any struggle, and dissipated into a bubble.

"And you, don't try to run!"

"Spirit-devouring blood monument!" In the blink of an eye, blood monuments containing extremely tyrannical pressure fell from the sky, completely suppressing the ancient tree and making it immobile.

"Wood puppet demon, will you come out by yourself or will I invite you out?" After doing all this, Xiao Yan hovered around the ancient tree, smiling and staring at a mysterious figure inside the ancient tree.

Judging from the fight just now, it seems that the wooden puppet demon is not as violent as the legend, but has a hint of weakness?

But even so, Xiao Yan did not act rashly. After all, the wood puppet demon is a creature that absorbs countless wood attribute energies. In addition to some dangerous auras around here, if you push it in a hurry, I am afraid that even Xiao Yan will be able to. Broken bones.

"You humans are a bunch of utter hypocrites!"

"Take my essence a thousand years ago, this time again!"

"If it weren't for this demon, the spiritual source would be damaged, and you must have come and gone!" The wooden puppet demon's voice was unusually harsh, and it was full of anger. The cold ice cave!

"In this case Why don't we take a step back? Maybe we can make a deal!"

"I will help you solve the current predicament, restore your vitality, help you ascend to the demon world, and you will give me the power of your original body."

"How?" Xiao Yan was unmoved, and said lightly, not that Xiao Yan was afraid of this guy, but that Xiao Yan knew too little about the information about the Yaogu Mountain Range, and the transaction with this guy could be considered right. own benefit.

"what?"

"Who are you?" Hearing Xiao Yan's voice, a wooden puppet demon appeared directly in front of Xiao Yan, a look of consternation appeared on the stiff wooden face, and his empty pupils stared at Xiao Yan!

"I'm just a human who has been to the demon world by chance."

"By the way, the demon world is now reunited, where should it be the best place to live for the spirits like you?" Xiao Yan shook his head slowly, but the faint voice was fatal to the wooden puppet demon. Attractive!