Chapter 673: Fight the night cat!

"Don't be arrogant, this guy is very strong!" Seeing that Xiao Yan was still insisting, Qin Xin opened her mouth slightly.

However, Qinxin's heart is more or less a little surprised, because Qinxin does have such a trace of holy flame in her body. This holy flame was given to her by Yanchi at the beginning. Although it is small, it is like a flame in a different fire. Sub-fire in general!

The power of the holy flame is undoubtedly strong, but the power of a trace of fire in the holy flame should not be underestimated. After all, they all come from the same holy flame. At best, the holy flame is stronger and the flame is a little weaker.

In this way, not only the Holy Flame Soul Species in Xiao Yan's body has changed, but even the trace of Holy Flame Fire in Qinxin's body has a fatal attraction.

"The two of you, be careful, I'll deal with this guy." Xiao Yan finished speaking and took out the Ancient Eternal Fire Ruler that had been inserted into the ground with one hand. Just after taking it out, a huge insertion mark appeared in the ground. , it was obvious that Xiao Yan had just exerted a lot of force.

"Don't be ashamed!"

"Be careful of flashing your tongue!" Ye Cat's sharp claws in the palm of his hand exuded an astonishing cold light, and then he said.

"You'd better take care of what you're talking about first!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and then the terrifying power of Emperor Yan suddenly radiated out, rendering the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand extremely gorgeous!

гӮЎж–°гғӨ~в‘§~1~дёӯж–ҮзҪ‘ПүПүПү.ПҮ~в’Ҹ~1zСү.cГІРј

"What a strange flame." Night Cat felt for a long time that Xiao Yan, whether it was the Emperor Yan on his body or the Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler exuding brilliant flames in his hand, were not ordinary things.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan's hand suddenly swung the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and it was a fierce attack on Ye Cat. Ye Cat was helpless and could only be forced to defend.

"You are Mu Yingying."

"It's really beautiful." Qinxin's beautiful eyes just saw Mu Yingying, and she was secretly surprised.

This Mu Yingying's appearance is extremely outstanding, even if she is a little confident in her appearance, she is inferior in front of Mu Yingying.

"Yes." Mu Yingying obviously didn't want to pay attention to Qinxin, and then said slowly.

"Hey, there seems to be something in your body..." But the next moment, Mu Yingying suddenly stared at Qinxin, her deep eyes seemed to be able to see through Qinxin.

"What are you doing!" Qin Xin was shocked when Mu Yingying saw her like this.

"It seems that something in your body is calling me." Mu Yingying said solemnly.

"In my body?" Qin Xin heard the words, and immediately became quiet, and then a fiery red flame appeared in her body, suspended at the tip of her jade finger!

As soon as this flame appeared, Mu Yingying's pupils shrank suddenly, and an indescribable shock surged out.

"Brother..." He murmured in a low voice, then stared at the fiery red flame on Qinxin's fingertips, and said confusedly.

"Brother?" Qin Xin was shocked when she heard the words, but at the moment when Mu Yingying spoke, an azure flame also emerged from above her body, and then slowly pointed towards her fingertips. Fire red flames hit.

Qinxin originally wanted to avoid it, but looking at Mu Yingying's blurred eyes and the fiery red Saint Yanzi fire, it was any Mu Yingying action.

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, a trace of holy flame power of azure blue gushed out from Mu Yingying's body, and then instantly disappeared into the fiery red flame in Qinxin's fingers!

The two just contacted, and immediately disappeared!

"How can there be such a flame!" The next moment, Qinxin and Mu Yingying said in unison!

After speaking, the two looked at each other in disbelief.

"This flame was left to me by a certain senior." Qin Xin said without hesitation.

"My flame was also left to me by my brother." Mu Yingying continued.

"It seems that you have a lot of secrets." Qinxin said slowly in her heart, and then ignored Mu Yingying.

The flame on Mu Yingying's body is clearly a holy flame!

In addition to the holy flame on Xiao Yan's body, although there is only a trace of holy flame here, it is also a real holy flame!

At this time, three holy flames appeared abruptly here!

This is a picture that has never been seen before!

"I can't see it, you are very ruthless." Ye Cat slowly noticed the more or less burning marks on his body, and immediately said angrily!

Even if one's own strength has reached the level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, it is quite difficult to deal with Xiao Yan, the people of the late Six Star Dou Emperor.

"Each each other." Xiao Yan said slowly, but Xiao Yan still admired this night cat. If it were an ordinary person who was attacked by himself, it would be too much trouble, but this night cat was only injured. When it comes to the fur, it is worthy of being a seven-star Doudi powerhouse!

Xiao Yan was slightly shocked in his heart, and then the dazzling power of Emperor Yan emerged, immediately covering the whole body, and a terrifying attack burst out.

"asshole!"

"Are you a lunatic?" Night Cat was furious!

This Xiao Yan's terrifying flame has a good restraint on the night cat, this Xiao Yan is still attacking himself like a lifeless man!

If it goes on like this for a long time, I am afraid that the strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor will also be exhausted.

"I can't hold on anymore, this kid is too weird." With a plan in his mind, Ye Cat immediately prepared to use the strongest blow to defeat Xiao Yan, otherwise it would be too late!

"Finally can't stand it anymore..."

"But you guy, but you have some hidden strength." Xiao Yan's keen perception naturally knew that the night cat was deliberately hiding his strength, otherwise, with Xiao Yan's strength in the late stage of the Six Star Dou Emperor, even if he added Divine Flame , Although it has restraint on night cats, the night will not be so strong!

"Human, you are very strong!"

"But today you will be buried in the Infinite Mountains and turned into a lot of nourishment!" After the night cat finished speaking, he let out a violent gloomy laugh.

"That's not necessarily true!" Xiao Yan pouted his forehead, then glanced at the night cat at this time! Finding that the night cat at this time was enveloped by an extremely powerful force, Xiao Yan did not hesitate to see this, and raised the terrifying ancient ruler of different fire in his palm, and the seven-layered sky-shattering ruler and three-layered simultaneously descended!

"Night Claw!" The night cat snorted coldly, and then the surrounding area that was already controlled by the white mysterious smoke turned into bursts of rich black energy!

Above the black qi, an extremely eerie and eerie aura emerged, extremely evil as if killing people's minds!

"Go to hell, human beings!" Ye Cat made a sudden noise after finishing all this, and immediately shot away at Xiao Yan!

The terrifying power caused bursts of sparks in the sky, and the terrifying destructive power made Mu Yingying and Qinxin on the side cheer up.

"Is this the powerhouse who defeated the twin ghost emperors, really strong!" Qin Xin was slightly startled, and suddenly felt the supreme flame that wiped out everything on her body for so long!

"This guy is really getting more and more perverted!" Mu Yingying glanced slowly and said slightly.

"Don't die!" The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly shouted, with a very shocking look in his mouth, and then the ancient ruler of the eternal fire on his palm was possessed by the gorgeous Emperor Yan, instantly facing Ye Cat's huge giant Black gas palms away!

The terrifying fluctuations suddenly collided!

Ask for tickets!