Chapter 198: Leave the secret realm, special prohibition!

Long Hun glanced at Xiao Yan, and sure enough, he retracted his attack, so he said, "You can still talk, let's go, I'll take you there."

"But that place is very strange, and it's hard to say exactly where it is. After all, there is no east, west, north, south, and direction in this space. It's very difficult to tell the direction. Even if I want to say it, I don't know how to say it, and you may not understand it."

Xiao Yan smiled and said, "Okay, just take me there." After speaking, Xiao Yan temporarily put away the fairy sword, took the ancient ruler of different fire and stepped into the air, and then followed the direction pointed by the dragon soul. And go.

After flying for a long time, Xiao Yan came to a strange place.

When he just came to this place and felt the size of this space, Xiao Yan couldn't help but sigh, "This space is so big, that senior probably spent a lot of effort to create such a space back then."

"Of course, the Immortal Fighting Powerhouse has long been able to open up a small world and a small plane!"

"The area opened up is as large as one-tenth of your Dou Qi Continent." The voice of his master, the Golden Dragon King, also appeared in Xiao Yan's heart.

Hearing that Xiao Yan was also overjoyed. Ever since his master, the Golden Dragon King, came to this secret realm, he has been fascinated by it, as if there is something here that attracts him, so Xiao Yan would not be able to take the initiative to disturb this, but it is good now, he The master Jinlongwang took the initiative to find himself, so it should be finished.

"Master, what is this dragon soul..." Xiao Yan also murmured.

"Hehe, this Dragon Soul is a right-hand man, but it's just too unruly. When he surrenders to you in the future, it will be a great help." The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan is also clear that the strength of this dragon soul is extremely tyrannical! If it wasn't for the fact that his master, the Golden Dragon King, told him about his spiritual power, the nemesis of the dragon soul would not have been so easy to obtain. However, although the dragon soul refused to accept it, it has been sealed by Xiao Yan as the ruler of the ancient rulers of Yihuo Heng. Ling, will slowly surrender to him in the future, Xiao Yan also has this confidence.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The current Yihuo Heng ancient ruler, with the dragon soul as the ruler, would not even dare to fight against the ordinary four-star Dou Di if he hit with all his strength. This was an unexpected joy that Xiao Yan did not expect.

However, Xiao Yan seems to have found that his master, the Golden Dragon King, found something in this secret realm, and his soul power has actually increased significantly!

"Master, your power..." Xiao Yan also said.

"Hey hey, this secret realm is a good place. For thousands of years, the dragon energy of this dragon soul has also restored my strength a lot." The Golden Dragon King also laughed. The strength has also weakened too much, and now there should be something in this secret realm that can restore the strength of his master.

The so-called dragon energy is the unique breath of the dragon family used for cultivation.

A little thought is also to carefully look at this place.

"It's a pity that none of them succeeded. Instead, it was me who came in unintentionally and took a big advantage. It's really amazing!" Xiao Yan also thought to himself.

"Dragon Soul, there seems to be something invisible hidden here, like a ban, isolating us from this secret realm."

In this entire space, except for the bright light in the crater of the flames in the center of the earth, everything else is dark.

And there is also a very strange brilliance here, including blue, red, and gold, which is very mysterious.

It's like a mirror, one zhang in size, standing quietly in the void, emitting a faint light.

The brilliance of that color has been flowing quietly, very beautiful.

Dragon Soul said softly, "There is indeed an invisible barrier that separates us from that three-color light."

"Over the years, I have tried many times, but none of them have been successful, so I have lost confidence here."

"But among those three people back then, the two who escaped alive escaped from here."

"I don't know exactly how it got out. Maybe there is some secret here."

Xiao Yan frowned and said lightly, "You can't do it, it doesn't mean I can't either, I'm going to try it now."

When he was talking, Xiao Yan had already used his soul power to carefully investigate this restriction, and the result was that this restriction seemed strange.

Under the investigation of Xiao Yan's soul power, this restriction seems to contain three completely different powers, and they are compatible with each other to form this special restriction.

"It's actually not difficult to pass through this barrier."

"Although these three breaths are different, one of them is a fire attribute breath, so as long as you possess a different fire, it will be much easier to break through." The Golden Dragon King also said.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also knew it. After all, he discovered it when he was just investigating.

Immediately, Xiao Yan adjusted the flames outside his body to a certain frequency, and then gently moved towards the restriction.

At this time, Xiao Yan's whole body was exuding milky white flames, like a creature possessed by flames, and from the outside, there was no human appearance at all.

Just when he came into contact with the restriction that contained three different powers, Xiao Yan discovered that the power in the restriction was extremely powerful, compared to the power of Wu Jiang that he had only encountered, and then he carefully calmed down. Pass carefully and slowly.

With Xiao Yan's body covered in milky white flames, the very powerful restriction in the eyes of Dragon Soul was easily passed by Xiao Yan.

It seemed that this was really a piece of cake for Xiao Yan, and it was easy.

Xiao Yan easily passed through that invisible barrier In fact, a lot of power was wasted, but in order to shock the dragon soul, he smiled and said, "Dragon soul, I have already passed through. Now, it's not as difficult as you said here."

"Now you know that there is a gap between you and me. What you can't do, I can do, right? Take the three-color light ban in front of you as an example, do you understand what it means?"

Longhun said solemnly: "Don't be complacent, it can only mean that you are lucky, or it is because you are human."

Xiao Yan smiled slightly and said softly, "Dragon Soul, I've already come out, you can't do it if you're not convinced."

"Now, just stay in there quietly, I will greet you when you have time." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the radiance of the ancient ruler of the eternal flame flashed, and he instantly possessed himself without giving the dragon soul any time to speak. behind him, and then shot out.

Xiao Yan said to himself, "I don't know how many days I've been here now, and Yueru and the others couldn't find out the breath of the two of them at all..." Xiao Yan's eyes flashed after speaking, and his body instantly turned into a blue light.

At the same time, the red light of the milky white flame burst out, and the intense light instantly forced countless ghosts in the cave to dodge one after another, terrified.

Then Xiao Yan's gaze returned to the cave.

Xiao Yan still remembered that he was sucked into the secret realm by the black beam of light outside the coffin. Now that he came out of the secret realm, he also slowly walked towards the coffin beside him.

"What will be in here?" Xiao Yan also grinned and said expectantly.

Ask for a ticket~