Chapter 629: rule

"Quiet!" The sound of a mighty fighting spirit on the garden platform echoed below the entire Burning Heaven Territory, and the entire square suddenly became quiet.

Numerous disciples slowly raised their heads, only to see an old man at the front of the Burning Tianyu Garden Terrace, followed by two middle-aged men.

The discerning person knew that the figure beside the old man was Xiong Yuan, the current deputy hall master of the Earth Hall, and the other was Mu Xuzi, the deputy hall master of the Human Hall!

Because of his fat body, Xiong Yuan is often called Fat Master by the people in the Hall of Earth, but his strength is undoubtedly powerful.

On the other hand, Mu Xuzi is a peaceful person, but if he can be the deputy hall master, is it not a vain reputation.

"Hello, all the disciples of Burning Incense Pavilion."

"I'm Qing Lao, the deputy head of the Fenxiang Pavilion Heavenly Palace. This team competition will be held and supervised by the three of us." Qing Lao smiled slowly, and his voice spread throughout the square below the Burning Heaven Domain.

"what?"

"Deputy Master of the Heavenly Palace?" When the people present heard the words, they were suddenly surprised!

Because in their Burning Incense Pavilion, the number of disciples in the Tiandian Temple has always been constant, and they are all seven!

If you want to enter the Temple of Heaven, you will undoubtedly need not only huge strength, but also a firm mind and the spirit of self-sacrifice and so on.

And everyone knows that this Heavenly Palace is the real power of the entire Burning Incense Pavilion!

Not only the seven disciples of the Heavenly Palace, but also the terrifying strength of the Heavenly Palace Deputy Palace Master and the Palace Master.

"I believe you all know what day is today." Qing Lao smiled and then said to the disciple below.

"Today is the greatest prosperity of my Burning Incense Pavilion."

"Team match!"

"The previous individual competition has ended. Many outstanding disciples have emerged from my Fenxiang Pavilion. This is the result of your hard work." The old man said slowly.

The young and old just finished speaking, and bursts of frenzy suddenly emerged from below!

Although the individual competition has proved the terrifying strength of many people, there is no doubt that the real attraction is the team competition!

The champion of the individual competition can only get the qualifications to enter the Dou Ji Pavilion and join the Heavenly Palace, but if the team competition wins, then the things they will get are those three, six and nine-level cultivation caves!

The best caves such as 369 and 369 are the great benefits of cultivation. In addition, you can enter the Dou Ji Pavilion to obtain Dou Skills, which is really attractive!

The Burning Incense Pavilion is located deep above Mount Hua, and there have been many rumors about the cultivation cave of the 369 class since ancient times.

It is said that this cave is divided into nine types, one to nine, one is the second and nine is the highest.

There are different opinions as to what the benefits of the nine-level cave heaven and blessed land are.

"Since everyone can't wait any longer, let me explain the rules of the game." The fat body of Xiong Yuan behind Qing Lao stepped forward slightly and smiled naively.

As Xiong Yuan took a step, the disciples below Burning Tianyu felt an invisible pressure.

"The Burning Incense Pavilion team competition starts today."

"Rules of the game: five people in a team, free combination, there are no restrictions on the Hall of People and the Hall of Earth."

"After the formation is completed, register and receive the team card." After Xiong Yuan finished speaking, three colors of team cards flashed in his hand.

"Team cards are divided into three levels, divided into cyan, yellow and red!"

"Three colors represent different mission threat factors."

"Cyan is the easiest, red is the most dangerous, but the most dangerous reward is also quite rich." Xiong Yuan finished speaking, a smile slowly appeared on the corner of his mouth.

"Team card?"

"Why is this team competition different from the previous one?"

"I clearly remember that in the previous team competition, the winner was determined by direct confrontation. Why is it so troublesome this time..." The disciples below heard the words and began to discuss.

"Lingxuan, do you know why this team competition is like this?" Wang Chen, who was surrounded by many disciples in the Hall of Earth, said to the little witch.

"I don't know, Daddy is very secretive about this team competition, even I didn't tell it." Ling Xuan looked at the three people in the sky, and the corners of her mouth showed a bit of dissatisfaction.

"Is that so..." Wang Chen immediately frowned when he heard the words, because this Lingxuan was the precious daughter of their palace master. Since she didn't even know about her, this team competition might not be easy.

After thinking about it, he looked at the crowd, and the next moment he saw several named disciple leaders and Mu Feng in the Hall of Humanity.

"What the **** is going on in this team competition?" Mu Feng was immediately puzzled after hearing this.

"This Fenxiang Pavilion's team competition used to be a five-player team confrontation, but there has never been such a thing as receiving a team card." Li Ji on the side said, obviously also quite puzzled by what Xiong Yuan just said.

"I think the team competition this time is different from the past, probably because the sect competition is close at hand." Zi Lian, who was silent on the side, said.

"As for the content of this team match, it will appear on the team card after you receive the team card."

"But I have to tell you in advance that this time the team competition is more dangerous than any previous one, and the rewards are more generous!" Xiong Yuan's voice was heard.

"And announcing something here." The next moment, Xiong Yuan's eyes slowly stared at a figure in the crowd below, and he kept muttering: "This kid's strength is probably comparable to some elders."

Xiong Yuan's eyes were fixed on Xiao Yi, which made Xiao Yi feel that something was wrong.

"Cancel the qualifications of Rendian Xiaoyi for this team competition." A coercion burst out instantly.

"Bastard..." Xiao Yi heard the words, biting the corner of her mouth tightly, staring at Xiong Yuan viciously.

"As for why it was cancelled, I believe you know." The next moment, Xiong Yuan smiled slowly.

"You!" Xiao Yi heard the words, and suddenly the flame power in her body was slowly mobilized!

This team competition has the presence of Brother Xiao Yan, so I have to participate!

"Cancel it if you cancel it." Just when Xiao Yi was about to break out to ask for a statement, a broad palm was placed directly on Xiao Yi's shoulder.

"Big brother." Xiao Yi said directly to the figure in front of him without turning his head.

I don't know why, Xiao Yi always has an extraordinarily intimacy with Xiao Yan. If you put it in human terms, it is dependence!

"Brother, I..." Xiao Yi slowly lowered her head, as if to say something.

"Don't worry, even though you can't participate in this team competition, I will still take the championship back." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, a confident and dangerous smile curling up between the corners of his mouth.

"Success?" The green flute on the side stared at Mu Yingying beside Xiao Yan, and suddenly found that there seemed to be some terrifying power in Mu Yingying's body. That power was like the power of life and death. The robbery succeeded!

"En." Mu Yingying agreed lightly, then looked at the three old men above the sky.

"The reason for the disqualification of Rendian Xiaoyi is because of her unique identity."

"But in return, I'll add one to you."

"Ling Xuan in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor in the Earth Palace." After Xiong Yuan finished speaking, his expression became weird. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: