Chapter Vol 4 2035: Soul Clan, Soul Palace civil turmoil!

When the ancient clan was so prosperous, the ancient clan powerhouses also secretly established a space-time wormhole with the headquarters of the Endless Fire Territory. However, there were some small space problems during the construction, which obviously took a lot of time to solve. Therefore, Xiao Yan and others There is no time to go back to the Endless Fire Territory, so I can only wait quietly for the opening of the Medicine Clan Festival.

In the outside world, the other ancient six clans are completely unaware of the situation of the ancient clan. The medicine clan's medicine refining ceremony is also under intense preparations. I am afraid that soon, there will be a battle among the medicine clan in Douyun Continent about the entire Doudi Continent. The top battle of alchemists above.

On the other side, there is a great hall under the power of the Soul Palace.

This place is called the Soul Master Hall. It is more appropriate to say that it is a special space rather than the main hall.

Its interior is as magnificent as the ancient world. It is a huge realm that stretches for dozens of miles. It is gray here, and the whole sky is full of dead silence. There is no anger at all. The figure is like a blank piece of paper.

"Master of the Soul Palace, the two kings of the evil tribe from outside the territory who controlled Gu Yuan have failed, and the catastrophe of the ancient tribe is over. I am afraid that they will guess that it is the powerhouse of our Soul Hall who secretly colluded with the evil tribe outside the territory, and there are many elders of the soul tribe. I am also impeaching you. Once you are isolated by him, I am afraid that the great foundation of our Soul Palace will be..." At this time, in the Soul Palace, in a core area, there are four people, and the fluctuations in the four people are all good. Wearing a black robe, an eerie and eerie aura slowly emerged.

Soul Hall Master Soul Ming.

Soul Yuntian, the head of Tianzi Hall.

The soul demon, the master of the Dizi Hall.

The hall master of Xuanzi Hall is Soul Yan.

"The three hall masters of Tiandi Xuantang here are the core of my soul hall, so I won't speak secretly." The soul hall hall master glanced around indifferently, and the gray shirt on his body only cast a To the gray eyes, he said softly.

"Huangtang Hall Master Xu Shao stole the forbidden scroll of our Soul Hall, 'Ghost and Spiritual Life', but he seems to have been beheaded, and now the forbidden scroll is missing." Tianzi Hall Hall Master Soul Yuntian, He said coldly, there was already a monstrous killing intent in his voice.

That scroll was the real treasure at the bottom of their Soul Palace, but now it was stolen by Xu Shao and disappeared. What's more sad is that Xu Shao has no breath. People were killed.

"Now our Soul Palace is in jeopardy. According to the news from the Kingdom of Ten Thousand Ghosts just now, the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts has collected some human apprentices named Mu Feng, and now he has helped his Yin-Yang Dharma mastery. There are faint signs of unifying the Kingdom of Ten Thousand Ghosts. I'm afraid we The cooperation with the King of Ghosts will completely announce the crack."

"And the Soul Clan is also extremely dissatisfied with our actions, and it has a vague meaning of accountability, Hall Master, look..." The Hall Master of the Dizi Hall, the Soul Demon, with a stern face, couldn't help roaring.

"It seems that now, I am afraid that only by creating a scene of earth-shattering fluctuations in Douyun Continent can we have a chance to escape."

"For the sake of their countless generations of inheritance and heritage, the soul clan will definitely blame everything on our soul temple to clear their name."

"The collection of the power of faith is almost complete, and then I will let you step into that dream realm. In the future, the army of my soul hall will make a comeback. Even the ancient seven clans can't help us, Susu... "Hun Ming, the master of the Hall of Souls, didn't take it seriously at this time, and said with a gloomy smile, obviously his retreat was already prepared by him.

"Do you make movement..."

"Soul Yan, Soul Demon, the two of you went to the Holy See overnight and pointed everything at the Endless Fire Territory. Now, only the Endless Fire Territory can create an uproar." Soul Hall Master Hun Ming smiled slowly.

"But how to create an uproar..." Soul Yan and Soul Demon looked at each other, not understanding what the hall master meant.

"This is recorded by my subordinates of the Soul Palace with the memory crystal. It has the exact residual image evidence of Xiao Yan's execution of the Holy See powerhouse and the wandering angel." in front of people.

"Okay!" The two looked at each other, and immediately rushed to the Holy See with the crystal.

"Palace Master, this approach is probably inappropriate."

"Although the Holy See and the Endless Fire Territory are enemies of life and death, but you send the two of them here, I'm afraid they will end up..." There were only Hun Yuntian and Hun Ming, the masters of the Tianzi Hall, and he couldn't help saying immediately.

"The Soul Palace is the predecessor of the Soul Clan. We worked tirelessly for them, but in the end they wanted to give us up in order to protect themselves... But they forgot that more than 70% of the power of belief and the origin of the soul are from It's in my hands."

"Let's go."

"Even though there are a lot of sacrifices this time, as long as our Soul Palace survives this catastrophe, we will be completely nirvana and become one of the strongest." The Soul Palace Master couldn't help laughing, and there was a glint in his eyes. crazy.

The blessing of the power of faith and the source of the soul, although it is impossible to cross the cycle, it is enough to make him have the qualification to truly disdain the heroes.

"Hehe, Soul Ming, where are you planning to go in such a hurry?" Just as the Hall Master of Soul Hall and Hall Master of Tianzi Hall were about to leave, the space around them suddenly shook violently, and circles of energy ripples suddenly appeared. , like a ghostly face, making this space uneasy.

"Hun Tianhao, the patriarch of the soul clan... He has a very keen sense of smell." Looking at the top of the void, a dark figure with a gloomy face and a laughter like that of a demon, Hun Ming, the master of the Soul Palace, also murmured.

"Have you touched Samsara?" Soul Hall Master Soul Ming sneered, his voice contained a monstrous fighting intent, and he naturally knew the intention of the Soul Clan's patriarch to come this time.

He captured himself and many high-level officials of the Soul Palace, sent them to the Holy See, and put all the guilt of the ancient clan on them. Even if the soul clan would suffer a great loss of vitality, it would be much better than becoming a public enemy of the Dou Emperor Continent.

"Each each other." The soul clan patriarch's eyes became deep, and cold light shot out in his eyes, as if he was in a cold cave, which was shocking.

"You should be clear about the intention of my coming this time."

"Hand over 70% of the power of faith and the origin of your soul that you have left behind privately, I can consider letting you die a little more happily." The soul clan chief stepped out, and the countless gloomy black energy around him was like a galaxy, directly killing the void. completely imprisoned.

"You're dreaming." The Hall Master of the Soul Palace roared, and the scorching black flames all over his body turned into a sky full of stars, bursting directly at the Soul Clan Patriarch.

"The Eternal Nightmare Nightmare is too wasteful in your hands, let's hand them over together." A strange voice emerged, and the breath and voice of the Soul Clan Patriarch seemed to have changed. Not possible.

For a time, the body of the Soul Clan's patriarch swelled violently, and instantly turned into a blood-colored clay figurine. On the blood-colored clay figurine, a huge and demonic flickering "dark" character came to life, and that power was a reincarnation!

"This madman actually colluded with the evil people outside the realm. We were all deceived by him." Looking at the irresistible blood-colored clay figurine in front of him Soul Hall Master and Tianzi Hall's two souls slowly dissipated , countless powers were slowly eroded by it.

"Hun Tianhao, you've done a good job, and my extraterritorial evil clan will never treat you badly."

"With the power of belief and the source of my soul, I can truly impact the rank of the 'Evil God'."

"When I'm done, I will promise you supreme glory."

"Hahaha." A mighty evil voice emerged, and with all the strength, it left here in an instant.

"Huhu."

"It's just a 'dark' at the top of the 'Red King' rank, I want more than that."

"The value of the Soul Palace has been exhausted, so let's just disappear, but the Soul Clan still has some useful value, and the identity and body of the Soul Clan's patriarch are exactly in line with my appetite..."

"Puppet, chess piece, but who controls who in the end?" Seeing that the blood-colored clay figurine left with the remaining 70% of the power of faith and the origin of the soul, the Soul Clan Patriarch uttered such a sentence, and between his eyebrows, a faint The texture slowly emerges.

And this thread has a very strong key to the so-called center of the human world, but now his words are clearly not equal to his identity, but he doesn't know what kind of mystery the so-called soul clan's patriarch's identity is.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: