Chapter 320: Exit!

"Still a pretty shrewd kid..." The Immortal Emperor was also extremely satisfied with Xiao Yan.

This satisfaction is not only because Xiao Yan has the blood of the Xiao family and is the descendant of the previous senior Xiao Yun, but also because of this rare character of Xiao Yan, which also made this immortal emperor decide to take a gamble.

After all, when Xiao Yan was merging the immortal body before, the Immortal Emperor also negotiated a lot with the Golden Dragon King. Through the conversation with the Golden Dragon King, he also learned a lot of things, so adding the Immortal Emperor's old and spicy eyesight, naturally It is not difficult to see that this Xiao Yan's kid can be seen by the peak-level powerhouse of the Golden Dragon King, which is naturally very extraordinary.

"I believe you can feel it too..."

"At this time, I am just a remnant soul. After the fall, due to the pressure of the constant search of the evil races outside the territory, I had no choice but to live my immortal body in the Dou Di Hanoi of the Burning Incense Pavilion, but the place where I really fell. It's not here..." The Immortal Emperor also spoke slowly.

"Oh..." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he also put away the immortal body that surrounded his body, and then listened carefully with interest, and focused his gaze on the Immortal Emperor.

Xiao Yan knew that this Immortal Emperor was definitely a great power. Whether it was the Immortal Flame or the Immortal Golden Body, it was what Xiao Yan wanted, and now the Immortal Emperor said this, obviously with a bit of a carefree taste.

"I told you before that when I found the immortal flame, it was on the Tianxing Continent on the Sifang Continent on the Dou Di Continent. Yan smiled.

"Tianxing Continent forgets the end of the world..." Xiao Yan also shook his head, Xiao Yan also knew that this Doudi Continent is divided into four continents, the weakest is located in the westernmost Xuanling Continent, and the middle strength is the easternmost Douyun Continent, Tianxing Continent in the northernmost and Haohai Continent, the strongest in the southernmost...

"The strength of Tianxing Continent is not a little bit stronger than that of Xuanling Continent. With your current strength, you will undoubtedly die if you go there..."

"However, I can tell you clearly that this immortal golden body and immortal flame are indeed within the Forgotten End of the Sky in the Tianxing Continent..."

"Where is the specific existence forgetting the horizon, as long as you get close, the immortal body in your body will also guide you to go..."

"But you have to remember..."

"If you don't have the strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, you should not get involved in these two..."

"Otherwise..." After the Immortal Emperor finished speaking, he slowly shook his head. Obviously, his eyes became a little ugly, as if he remembered the terrifying scene of swallowing the Immortal Flame...

"The younger generation knows..." Xiao Yan also bowed to the immortal emperor who was beginning to be slightly illusory in front of him.

"Hehe, it's not in vain for your Xiao ancestors to save my life."

"If you meet that senior Xiao Yun in the future, just say hello to me." The Immortal Emperor was also quite free and easy.

"By the way, there is one more point, Sheng Yan is the most powerful nemesis of the evil tribes, but when the evil tribes attacked our Seven Realms, it seems that these evil tribes still want to collect holy flames..."

"Although I don't know why, but remember, the holy flame must never fall into the hands of foreign evil races..."

"If the immortal flame is obtained by the evil race outside the territory in the future, remember to destroy it at all costs!" At the end, the voice of the immortal emperor suddenly echoed in the mysterious space.

"Junior remember the teachings of seniors!" Although Xiao Yan didn't know why, but what the Immortal Emperor said naturally had his reasons, and he immediately agreed.

"Let's go, my remnant soul has also taken away the protection of this immortal body. I hope that the next time we meet, you kid can be like this." The immortal emperor smiled slowly, and then the next moment, the figure also slowly It became illusory, slowly turning into golden fragments, and slowly dissipating in the hall.

"Let's go, it's time to go out." The Golden Dragon King stood aside from beginning to end, without interfering with the absoluteness of this immortal emperor.

"Master, is it possible that this immortal emperor is resurrected..." Xiao Yan also looked at the immortal emperor who had been scattered into golden fragments with some difficulty, and then said.

"These powerhouses are all fallen in the true sense. Even the angel family who masters the most powerful resurrection magic may not be able to return to the sky..." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

"Hey, let's go." Xiao Yan also sighed helplessly, then slowly stood up and walked towards the door of the main hall.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan had just stepped out of the immortal emperor's hall, and the hall collapsed in the next moment, and the originally rather simple and ancient atmosphere was instantly reduced to ruins.

"This hall also exists to protect the immortal body. Now that the immortal body has a master, it also dissipates in this space." The Golden Dragon King also said, and the next moment the Golden Dragon King also returned to the ring in Xiao Yan's hands. .

"Boom boom boom!" The dazzling golden light also spread out from the Dou Di River...

"This aura..." Mu Yingying also became vigilant. Obviously, the strength of this aura was probably not comparable to that of Xiao Yi's peak stage Seven Star Dou Emperor next to her, so she immediately watched vigilantly. Dou Di River.

"Don't panic, this is my eldest brother." Xiao Yi also spoke slowly, and then Ye Xi smiled slowly at the golden figure.

"Big Brother, it's considered to be out, let's wait." Xiao Yi also strode forward with a fist that hit Xiao Yan on the shoulder.

"Everything went well." Xiao Yan also said to Xiao Yi, and apparently found that Xiao Yi's fist did not contain any strength, it was a collision between brothers.

"It's fine." Seeing the two of them like this, Mu Yingying was quite puzzled, but she didn't ask any further questions.

"Have you obtained the body of a tenth-rank Dou Emperor?" Xiao Yi also had a smile on her cheeks, and then said to Xiao Yan who was beside her.

"Fortunately not to be disgraced." Xiao Yan also laughed, obviously Xiao Yan also had absolute trust in Xiao Yi.

"When you entered the Dou Di River, the four of us were all over in about ten days. All of them obtained the body of the sixth-rank Dou Emperor, and Mu Yingying obtained the body of the seventh-rank Dou Emperor..." Xiao Yi Also the way.

Xiao Yan was not surprised either. To know the body of a Dou Emperor, it is usually only obtained by disciples who are extremely high-ranking students. This is enough to stir up the entire Burning Incense Pavilion.

"And the Xuanling royal family also sent someone here. When you get out of the customs, you can go ahead." Xiao Yi also smiled.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also laughed, although he didn't know what secrets this Xuanling Emperor Pond had, but since it could be praised by countless people, it was naturally attractive.

"By the way, Xiao Yan, an elder from the Hall of People who led us to this time, he asked you to go out and find him."

"It seems to be called Old Zhu..." Mu Yingying said to Xiao Yan as if she had remembered something.

"Youngest Bamboo..." Xiao Yan also shook his head, and then slowly stepped out of the hall with the three of them. The Dou Di River was also darkening, and he didn't know when it would be opened again. . ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: