Chapter Vol 4 1901: The heart of the demon king!

Whoa! With a bang, Xiao Yan brought five hundred people, only including Tianhu Yaoshuai, and the others were some elites. As for the nine demon generals, they had been arranged to stay outside. After all, the situation in the Tianyuan battlefield was changing. This is the only way out.

"Is this the Demon Emperor's tomb?" After Shun breathed, Xiao Yan and everyone just entered it, and suddenly felt an extremely terrifying aura.

For Xiao Yan, that kind of aura might not be too much suppression, but for the monsters whose strength is not enough for the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, the suppression is extremely terrifying, and all kinds of vomiting and even worshipping strangeness emerged.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan spread his soul power to protect against a strange wave, his eyes staring at this indifferent space, motionless.

This is a lush virgin forest. In the entire space, countless vegetation is dense, and even in the forest, one after another obvious footprints emerged.

In the center of the forest, there is a slightly raised mountain range. Above the mountain range, there are countless Dawson white tombstones, revealing a breath of death, and above the white dead gray tombstones, there is a quiet space lying in a square. Fang's coffin.

The whole coffin is clear of gold and silver, and suddenly, I can vaguely see that inside the coffin is a skeleton that has already suffered from weather and frost. Above the skeleton, droplets of colorful liquid seem to contain domineering and unparalleled power. In the middle, on the chest of the corpse that had no flesh and blood, an air mass wrapped in green demonic energy stood quietly, exuding a heart-pounding beating from time to time, it felt like a human heart. The entire tomb exudes a dead silence.

After the rest, Xiao Yan and his group were all buried in the tomb of the demon emperor, but at the same time, the fragments of the demon book in Xiao Yan's body continuously absorbed the power of the tomb of the demon emperor. become spiritual.

"Sir, how are we doing now?" Tianhu Yaoshuai also hurriedly asked, staring blankly at the extremely strange crystal coffin above the tomb.

"Go directly to the center of the forest, I'm afraid that's where the highlight is." Xiao Yan looked through the huge forest and looked at the crystal coffin above the sky. It seemed that a group of guys with good breath had already walked in front of Xiao Yan's crowd. .

"But the evil-eyed demon king is a powerhouse in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, I'm worried..." Tianhu demon handsome is now worried.

Xiao Yan's Qixing Douxian early stage can resist the Eight-Star Douxian initial stage. This is a heaven-defying move, but there is a world of difference between the eight-star Douxian early stage and the middle stage. In any case, Tianhu Yaoshuaifu can't believe that Xiao Yan can still deal with it. he.

"Don't worry, since I dare to say it, I have my own measure."

"Actually, the goal this time is not only the tomb of the demon emperor, but also the demon king with evil eyes."

"Although the evil-eyed demon king is quite powerful, it is far from being comparable to the three powerhouses. We will solve this problem as soon as possible, so that we can go to support the final battlefield. Without the support of the Heisha Dragon and Wolf, I am worried that we will speed up the final battlefield. rout."

"And once the battle situation in the ancient battlefield is defeated, I am afraid that the dozens of demon kingdom territories under the command of the Heisha Longlang will be in jeopardy." Xiao Yan calmly analyzed.

Xiao Yan naturally knew that the strength of the seven demon kings might be on par with the three powerhouses, and even some demon kings were stronger than the Heisha Longwolf, but that was the essence of the problem.

The strength of the three powerhouses is tyrannical or superhuman, and they are supported by the top powerhouses in the entire demon world behind them. As for the seven demon kings, they are just like dark horses raised in the demon world, regardless of their background or overall strength. , are far less tyrannical than the three powerhouses, so there is no comparison in the combat power between the two.

"En." Tianhu Yaoshuai didn't know how to answer, so he nodded lightly. Now, this is probably the only way.

"Weng buzzing!" At this time, the green crystal coffin floating above everyone's heads in the forest suddenly shook uncontrollably, and a strong aura that surpassed the heavens and the earth slowly filled the air.

"Is that... the crystal coffin of the evil-eyed demon king and the demon emperor?" At this moment, the countless powerhouses around Xiao Yan below slowly lost their voices.

"Is that so..." Xiao Yan slowly raised his head, looked at the thin black shadow above the sky, and the trembling crystal coffin, and smiled.

The evil-eyed demon king released a terrifying aura that was several times stronger than Xu Shao's before, suppressing Xiao Yan's heart. At this time, his strange eyes were staring at the crystal coffin, and it seemed that his eyes were very special. The power of the powerful aura in the persecuting crystal coffin.

"What should I do now?" Tianhu Yaoshuai's mind was condensed, looking at this abnormal situation, he muttered, the evil eye demon king is already tyrannical, if he gets the demon emperor's heart, I am afraid that even Xiao Yan will be the only one. There is an escape.

"The heart of the Emperor Yan must never fall into his hands."

"But wait a minute, the name of the demon emperor is not a false name." Xiao Yan's voice fell, and the core inscription of magic that had never been used in the body also quickly condensed, and a series of profound patterns were released, quietly Silently enveloped this piece of heaven and earth. For a time, Xiao Yan's soul power and spiritual power were always paying attention to the changes in the sky. Once there was any change, he would immediately take action.

"The name of the Demon King is indeed well-deserved." Sky, watching the bones in the crystal coffin tremble, an illusory figure emerged after a while, and the voice of the evil-eyed demon king was full of faint jerky, but many Instead, it was a touch of madness.

The heart of the demon king is extremely precious, but without the demon king's guidance, even the evil-eyed demon king would find it extremely difficult to take it for himself.

"Are the juniors of the demon world in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals It seems that this generation of juniors doesn't seem to abide by the rules of our demon world." The corpse emerged lightly from the crystal coffin, and immediately stood on top of the crystal coffin, the old figure carrying a touch of unquestionable anger.

Although this figure is only a remnant soul, the power contained in it is even more terrifying than the evil-eyed demon king in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals.

"Whether it works or not, you have to try it to know!"

"And now, it's not your time anymore."

"Whether it's you or the Demon Emperor, you've been completely submerged in the long stream of history."

"Now in the demon world, the strong are respected!"

"So... enshrine your demon king's heart to this king!" The evil-eyed demon king's laughter contained a frenzied smile, and his eyes became deep, a wave that wiped out all things, from It shot out from above his eyes, and shot away at the phantom of the demon emperor above the crystal coffin.

"Oh...is that so?" This time, he noticed that the dead gray binocular rays roared at him, and there was a strange wave that could wipe out all things, but the afterimage of the demon emperor smiled slightly. , suddenly waved his hand, and the crystal coffin under his feet flashed a faint green glow, standing directly in front of him.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the death ray of the evil-eyed demon king was easily annihilated by the green fire glow above the crystal coffin, and the afterimage of the demon king suddenly swelled up. At the same time, a green flame roared, carrying A touch of divine power that shook the heavens and the earth leaned down.

At the same time, the eyes of the evil-eyed demon king finally changed significantly. Obviously, the fighting power of this demon king seems to be more perverted than the rumored one!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: