Chapter Vol 4 1988: Little Immortal Technique, no phase cut!

shhhhh! "The hot flame storm swept out, and the entire battlefield suddenly became riddled with holes, and the terrifying energy was terrifying.

"It's really two perverted guys." Just when the entire space was about to collapse completely because it couldn't bear this monstrous force, the guardian of the seventh peak appeared, waved his hand, and filled the place directly. , then the void becomes stable.

"Cough cough..." Incomparably violent smoke spread from the center of the battle, and immediately the outcome was clearly divided.

"It's accepted." Xiao Yan said with a smile on the corner of his mouth, looking at Liu Hao, who was in a state of embarrassment.

"I... I actually lost?" Liu Hao's expression was blurred, obviously he couldn't believe it!

Just at the last moment, he could have killed Xiao Yan, but because of the appearance of the four-colored fire lotus, the Light Jade Immortal Token was immediately broken, and the outcome was clear.

At this time, Liu Hao stood in the same place with a decadent look on his face. Once upon a time, he was unmatched in the Holy See and never had a defeat, but now he was defeated by a nobody?

"..." Xiao Yan didn't say much, and slowly shook his head.

"I announce that Xiao Yan has successfully ascended the peak." The old man of the seventh peak said.

"Let's go, I'll take you to choose a treasure, and then you can put forward a condition that is not too excessive." After the seventh peak old man finished speaking, he left here with Xiao Yan.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Why is this name so familiar?" Liu Hao muttered slowly, but he did not go back, but sneaked into the ancient world with the help of the Holy See's secret technique.

"Weng buzzing!" The light in front of him changed, and Xiao Yan and the old man of the seventh peak suddenly came to a place where no one was there.

"Senior?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask.

"These are some mottled treasures. Among them, there are many treasures from heaven and earth, as well as magical medicines. Although they were picked and left by others."

"This is too embarrassing..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and his head was covered in black lines.

"Okay, you have three days to choose here, remember that we have special methods to examine your body, and you can only charge the one that suits you."

"I'm still going to guard the seventh peak. I'll come and pick you up in three days." After the old man finished speaking, his voice disappeared, leaving Xiao Yan alone.

Xiao Yan sat down in this cave that had been abandoned for a long time, looking at the tattered and even cobweb-covered items around, he couldn't help rolling his eyes.

How many years has this been cleaned up?

These things are obviously left over by people's selection, and the treatment is a bit too bad, right?

And from this trace, it seems that the time here is quite long.

"No, I can't find the location of the ancient world at all." Xiao Yan's eyes lit up, and his dazzling soul power was released. He tried to find the location of the ancient world and directly hide in it, but he was helpless to find that it was impossible.

It seems that this space is an extremely independent cave, not connected to any place at all.

Looking around, this space is about 100 meters in size. The ground is actually constructed of layers of cyan stones, and there are some quite exquisite jade bottles randomly placed around, and some of the jade bottles are hard to see from the outside world. In addition, there are scrolls on top of some withered weeds, obviously recording fighting skills.

"Hey, what is this?" Xiao Yan glanced at the situation, but found that in the center of the cave, there was a slightly raised circular platform. On top of the circular platform, a cyan stone tablet stood in it!

Xiao Yan walked over gently and found that his soul power was unable to detect the secret, and immediately looked at it carefully.

This stone tablet is blue in color and about half a meter in length. It stands on the round platform in a rectangular shape, but there is a very conspicuous crack in the center of the stone tablet. Countless densely packed small words emerge on the crack. Xiao Yan glanced at it. In the past, there was actually a taste of trepidation?

Looking along the crack in the center of the stone tablet, there are many mysterious runes on the upper and lower stone tablets, and those runes will flash a faint light from time to time, which is confusing.

"What are these ancient people doing?" Xiao Yan shook his head, obviously unable to guess what they were thinking.

"Never mind, I don't need anything here for the time being, so I'll try my luck." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the dazzling soul force attacked the stone tablet directly.

"..." Despite Xiao Yan's surging soul power, there was no change in the stele.

"Flame!" Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, the overwhelming fire of holy flame directly wrapped the stone tablet and burned violently.

"..." After the breath, the broken stone tablet still showed no signs of being broken.

"No?" Xiao Yan couldn't help being disappointed when he saw this.

I just launched an attack on this stele, which obviously made the Seventh Peak old man aware of it, and now he can no longer choose other treasures.

"It's really unfortunate." Xiao Yan tried the soul power and soul clone Xiao Lei, wood attribute, water attribute and other powers, but it was still fruitless. He couldn't help but feel a trace of anger, and slapped the stone tablet with his palm.

"Pfft!" With Xiao Yan's terrifying strength, he slapped the stone tablet with a palm. Instead, Xiao Yan's palm just touched the crack of the stone tablet, and a faint trace of blood emerged from the palm of his hand.

"Weng buzzing!" At this moment, the ancient ruler behind Xiao Yan happened to be stained with Xiao Yan's blood, and it buzzed violently, and an indescribable comfort swept out.

"Hum!" With a sound, the ancient ruler broke away from Xiao Yan's body. UUkanshu www.uukanshu.com then slowly came to the stone monument, and a similar magnificent aura emerged!

For a time, in the entire cave, a rare holy light appeared on the ancient ruler and the blue stone tablet at the same time!

"This seat is called Gu Tianchi. I have worked hard for countless years of ruler skills, and finally achieved the name of the ancient ruler. This fighting skill is called Wuxiang Slash!"

"No signs, no signs, signs are born from the heart, no evidence, no evidence, nowhere to hide!"

"Descendants must carefully understand." An ancient Sanskrit sound came out, deeply stinging Xiao Yan's soul realm.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan heard the words, his eyebrows closed slightly, and then he slowly stared at the center of the stone tablet and the ancient ruler, a cyan figure sitting quietly cross-legged!

It was a gray space, like the beginning of the world, containing the power of chaos, and behind the cyan figure, a strange ruler like the ancient ruler was suspended behind him, but compared with the ancient ruler, the ruler is still not small. the distance.

Not long after, a ferocious beast suddenly appeared in the sky, killing the cyan figure with the attitude of destroying the sky.

"No...phase...cut!" The cyan figure didn't do anything, but his eyes slowly closed, the ruler behind him was taken off, and a solemn voice resounded through the sky, and Xiao Yan didn't see any energy ripples or energy appearing. The ferocious alien beast was directly chopped into two halves, and an insurmountable force made it disappear in an instant!

"This is the highest realm of the Little Immortal Technique's No Phase Slash!"

"Let's work hard, junior." The voice echoed for a long time, and then the picture completely dissipated. From the blue stone tablet, a majestic message entered Xiao Yan's mind, and the entire space suddenly became quiet.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: