Chapter 382: Love, Mu Yingying's tears!

"He's very strong!" Mu Yingying also uttered a sentence with difficulty.

"I know." Xiao Yan also said calmly.

"That's why only the holy flames in me can harm him!" Mu Yingying said slightly stubbornly.

"Actually, do you know?"

"What is the meaning of cultivation?" Xiao Yan also ignored Mu Yingying and asked directly.

"Well?" Mu Yingying was obviously stumped by Xiao Yan's question. Mu Yingying was very puzzled why Xiao Yan would say such a thing during the war.

"The meaning of cultivation should be to pursue the supreme realm..." Mu Yingying also turned her head and glanced at the man in black who was healing her wound, and then said slightly in a low voice.

"I don't have such high pursuits."

"The purpose of cultivation is just to protect others." Xiao Yan also smiled slowly.

"What?" Mu Yingying obviously didn't know why Xiao Yan said such a thing at this time, but a bad premonition also appeared spontaneously!

"Susu!"

"Little baby, you are really hitting me with this holy flame!" The man in black also turned hideous, obviously even if he had a good healing medicine, this seemingly simple blow from Mu Yingying just now gave The self-inflicted damage is also terrifying.

"It seems that it won't get better in a short time..."

"For this, you need to apologize with death!" After the man in black finished speaking, he also turned into a life-threatening death god, wielding a huge axe, and then whistled away at Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying!

"Xiao Yan!"

"Step aside!"

"Otherwise, both of us will die here!" Mu Yingying also found out that the man in black was on the offensive, and snorted coldly.

"it's me……"

"It's not you!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's voice also slowly appeared in Mu Yingying's ear!

"Huangquan's anger!" Just when Mu Yingying was puzzled, a huge soul shock also radiated from Xiao Yan's body instantly!

Although Mu Yingying didn't know what Xiao Yan wanted to do, at this moment, only the dead horse was used as a living horse doctor, and she was about to use the holy flame to resist the man in black, but found that her soul There was a shock within the sea. This shock was very soft, but it also caused Mu Yingying to lose her mind for a short time!

The next moment, Mu Yingying was also stunned by Xiao Yan's sudden soul attack!

Xiao Yan also had a plan for a long time, and then a huge battle qi also emerged in an instant, and then he attacked viciously in a certain passage of the Nine Fish Playing Dragon Formation!

He held up Mu Yingying in his hand, and the surrounding space also wriggled. The next moment, he threw Mu Yingying into the wriggling space!

The next moment, a certain passage of the Nine Fish Opera Dragon Formation was slightly shattered, and at this moment, a squirming space emerged, and then Mu Yingying was directly sent into the passage that left. among!

At the moment when the passage from which she left was about to close, Mu Yingying also recovered!

Then at the same time, Mu Yingying's unbelievable expression also stared at Xiao Yan through the passage that was about to close!

"Xiao Yan!"

"You bastard!" The voice mixed with anger also slowly echoed in the space!

The next moment, Mu Yingying couldn't hold back her tears, and it poured out from her beautiful eyes like a flood!

"Come on!"

"Don't waste my kindness!" The passage was closed, and with Xiao Yan's last voice, the passage was also completely closed!

The passageway was closed, and a milky white flame force also fled towards the exit with the weak Mu Yingying.

All of Xiao Yan's actions were carried out between lightning and flint, so the man in black only saw Mu Yingying who disappeared out of thin air and the broken corner of the space passage.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Fortunately, I caught up..." Xiao Yan also laughed.

"Susu!"

"You are courting death!" The man in black also noticed Xiao Yan's move, and immediately held up a huge axe, and then viciously criticized Xiao Yan!

Because even if this is the territory of the Xuanling royal family, it can only enter but not exit, even if it is as strong as his eight-star fighting emperor level, it cannot break through that passage!

The man in black was immediately furious!

Xiao Yan also didn't have time to escape, he immediately raised the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand, and then confronted the terrifying offensive of the man in black!

"Boom boom boom!" The giant axe of the man in black collided heavily with Xiao Yan's ancient ancient ruler of strange fire, and then the next moment, a certain place on Xiao Yan's ancient ancient ruler of strange fire also sunk directly. !

Obviously it was caused by such a terrifying blow from the man in black!

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, Xiao Yan was also suddenly repelled by the attack of the man in black by a distance of dozens of meters!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Even if a lot of power was dissolved by the ancient ruler of the different fire, the remaining power was too much for Xiao Yan to handle!

"Cough cough cough..."

"Eight-star Dou Di's perfection level powerhouse really deserves his reputation..." Before Xiao Yan finished his words, he suddenly spit out a mouthful of blood!

"Boy!"

"What good did you do?" The man in black also glared at Xiao Yan with a ferocious face!

Obviously, this fat sheep was actually enshrined in his dignified Xuanling royal family, and slipped away from the hands of a complete eight-star Dou Emperor level powerhouse. If this was spread, it would definitely be ridiculed by others!

What's more serious is that this woman still has the existence of holy flame!

If I let her go this time, I'm afraid I won't have the chance to get that holy flame again in the future!

Therefore, the man in black was also furious, his eyes fixed on Xiao Yan, his teeth clenched tightly, wishing to smash Xiao Yan to pieces!

"Humph!"

"It's hard for the dignified Xuanling royal family to enshrine the elders of the hall, and it's hard for a weak woman to be seen by anyone else." Xiao Yan also said with disapproval.

"Boy!"

"You brought it on yourself!"

"Originally, I said that I might consider letting you go when I absorb the holy flame in that woman's body, but now it seems that you are deliberately courting death!"

"If that's the case, then I'll satisfy you!"

"I will use the ghost spirit of the ghost world to erode you and torture you until your life is worse than death, and let you know that offending our Xuanling royal family is your worst decision!" The man in black finished speaking The breath all over the body soared, and then slowly formed an extremely terrifying force in front of the body!

In that power, there is a very eerie and eerie aura, which is exactly the same as those ghosts and ghosts that Xiao Yan had in the Yin Corpse Forest!

"It seems that there are some hidden secrets in your Xuanling royal family and the ghost world!" Xiao Yan also said.

The man in black didn't care about Xiao Yan at all, but concentrated on condensing that terrifying ghost energy!

Since this Xiao Yan deliberately seeks death, then he will torture him to death with ghost energy!

Let him live rather than die, and suffer the pain of torment!

"Elder Zhu, Xiao Yan and the others haven't come out yet!" At the entrance of the underground palace, Mu Feng and Zhu Lao were waiting here for a long time.

Today is the time when everyone leaves the Xuanling Emperor Pond. Of course, Mu Feng also lived up to expectations and directly broke through to the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor.

As for the second brother of the Xuanling Imperial Family, it was not long after entering the Xuanling Imperial Pond, and he came out in a dismal state, apparently being expelled by others.

"It should be soon." Zhu Lao also said a little lazily, and then he also looked at the entrance of the underground palace...

"Strange, there seems to be some familiar aura fluctuations in this underground palace..."

"It seems to be the person who worships the hall..."

"Could it be my illusion..." Elder Zhu also shook his head and continued to wait.

Ask for tickets!