Chapter Vol 4 1522: The Demon Town is over!

"Master!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly shouted in his heart, because the evil aura inside the magic hood, like a sea of ​​magic, turned out to be roaring directly at the Soul Eater Lord. The fluctuation of that level caused Xiao Yan was quite worried about the situation of the Soul Eater Lord. Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and the two holy flames in his body, accompanied by the power of the Great Heavenly Seed, were displayed in an instant, trying to help the Soul Eater Lord.

"Damn it... The Soul Eater Talisman is not around, otherwise this guy can't get out of my three moves."

"This time, it's really a miscalculation." Looking at the two demon queens who were about to fly away, Zaidu cast a helpless glance at the thousand-foot demonic hood. The Soul Eater could only focus on it. As for the poison The Demon Empress, I am afraid, can only let her escape. After all, the defensive power contained in this demonic poisonous bell and the splendid attack on its periphery, if you leave it alone, I am afraid that the Demon Suppression Prison will become a real hell. At that time, Their situation will also become extremely bad.

Moreover, this demonic hood is enough to delay him for a while. After adding the poisonous demon, he can use all his strength to hold him back, integrating attack and defense. This battle was really something that Soul Eater did not expect.

"The power of devouring!"

"Soul Eater!" Without any hesitation, the Lord of Soul Eater's palm slowly touched a mysterious line between the eyebrows, and suddenly a more powerful devouring force emerged!

Invisible is some of the power remaining in the main body of Soul Eater in the Soul Eater Talisman!

In an instant, with the power of the Soul Eater Talisman being injected, a circle of black lines on the Lord of Soul Eater's body slowly wriggled like a silkworm. , and then turned into a black energy ripple, which suddenly hit the magic hood!

"Boom!" The astonishing energy ripples burst out of the magic hood in an instant, and the seemingly indestructible magic hood, after being touched by the black lines, turned out to be like thin ice encountering fire. It melted quickly, and after a few breaths, it was completely cracked by the Lord of Soul Eater!

"Buzz!" With such a tyrannical blow from the Lord of Soul Eater, the countless evil auras in the entire Demon Suppression Prison were all dissipated under this blow.

"The Demon Empress of Poison Sha, where are you going!" Just after cracking the demonic hood, Soul Eater's body squirmled, and he didn't care about the feeling of weakness emanating from his body. He fled towards the Demon Queen of Poison Sha, like a ghost. The place is whizzing away!

"Not good... My queen, please go!" The Demon Empress Du Sha and Du Sha were about to step into the space passage to escape from the Demon Suppression Prison, but they didn't expect that the magic hood would only stop the Soul Eater for a few breaths. It was completely destroyed by it.

"Shabu Shabu!" After a short while, an extremely dazzling devouring power filled the palm of the Lord of Soul Eater, and then attacked the space where the two Poison Temple Demon Empress were located with one palm!

Such a long distance obviously could not stop them from escaping.

"Pfft!" Just when the dazzling power of devouring was about to hit the Poisonous Demon Empress, the Earth Poisonous Bracer pushed with both hands, and the body of the poisonous demon immediately staggered away from the attack of the devouring force, and the devouring force , but it swept directly onto the body of Di Dusha.

"My queen, hurry up!" Di Dusha was hit by such a dazzling devouring power, and suddenly the whole body became illusory, and a sound of pain emerged, but with the last trace of strength, the Demon Queen of Poison Sha was completely sent into space. in the channel.

"This time is really careless, it's still a little short..." Seeing that the Poisonous Demon Empress successfully escaped from here, the Soul Eater also knew that this time, the eradication of the Poisonous Demon Empress was probably a failure.

"Boom!" After a few breaths, the body of the poisonous temple was suddenly eaten up by the devouring power of the Soul Eater, and the power of the Soul Eater was also recovered a lot.

"How many points are there?" After a while, the Master of Soul Eater asked Xiao Yan, obviously after killing the two poisons in Tiandi, the points should be almost the same.

"Nine thousand..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and then came back to his senses and said, obviously the attack of the Soul Eater level just now gave Xiao Yan a great shock.

"Since the Demon Empress of Poison Temple has escaped, then the evil things that exist in this Demon Suppression Prison are useless. It's better to turn them into points, which can be considered as doing something good for the world." As soon as the voice fell, the Lord of Soul Eater immediately With a big wave of his hand, an invisible force of devouring emerged, engulfing the evil aura left in the Demon Suppression Prison!

"8100..."

"9800"

"11,000..." After a short while, the points in Xiao Yan's hands finally broke through the 10,000 mark, and this Demon Suppression Prison was so manipulated by the Soul Eater Lord that there were very few evil auras and evil objects in it.

"It's really a miscalculation this time, but forget it, the next time we meet again, it will be easy to kill her."

"Remember, don't mention evil tools to anyone. After all, evil tools are evil, but treasures are never evil, it just depends on whether their owner's heart is good or not."

"As for the exchange of swallowing inflammation and the refining of immortal-level pills, I will be planning to leave the Demon Suppression Prison. After all, there is no value in staying here."

"Someone is here, remember not to leak the news." After a short while, the Soul Eater's body flashed, and the strength as strong as the half-step Seven Star Fighting Immortal also dissipated instantly, and in the Demon Suppression Prison, a rare tranquility was restored. It's just that under this tranquility, there is no evil atmosphere, just a dim space.

"Pfft." With a sound, Xiao Yan shot directly, causing some fairly obvious injuries on his body, and then shot back directly at the ground.

"Squeak." After a while, an energy clone slowly emerged in this space.

"The aura of the Demon Empress of Poison Braces... as expected, it's gone. It seems that it's just as the Lord of the Planes said there is a catastrophe in the hit."

"Forget it, I'd better go back and reunite with the owner of the village first, so that the strong people in the village can come to clean up the Demon Suppression Prison."

"The experience of the Demon Suppression Prison should also be over." The energy clone slowly emerged, this guy is the guardian of the Heavenly Pluto, Zuo Mu!

"Sir..." Just as the energy clone was about to leave, a weak voice emerged from the ground. Xiao Yan fell into a coma immediately after he finished speaking.

"How could this guy survive in the hands of the Poisonous Demon Empress? It's incredible." After Zuo Mu's energy clone finished speaking, he took Xiao Yan and left the Demon Suppression Prison.

Until this time, the competition in the town of Demon Prison was completely over.

This time, the Demon Suppression Prison competition is said to be points at this time, but in fact, I am afraid that it is a contest between the four continents powerhouses, the Hidden Soul Society and the Soul Palace in order to protect the Demon Suppressing Prison.

However, in this contest, in the end, it was based on the victory of the powerhouses from the four continents. It is a pity that the masters of the level of the Soul Eater were all fled by the Poisonous Demon Empress. As for the powerhouses of the Soul Palace and the Hidden Soul Society, is a heavy loss.