Chapter Vol 4 1578: Acacia under the Acacia tree!

"How is this possible……"

"Five powerhouses in the late stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortals, and they also have a strange power of lovesickness." Seeing the five powerhouses appearing for a while, Qi Ziwen couldn't help shrinking his pupils tightly and lost his voice.

"And... look at their rosy skin, this is clearly a strong man with vitality!"

"In other words, these five people are probably walking corpses controlled by the Acacia tree." The next moment, Song Lanfeng spoke slowly, with a hint of heaviness in his voice.

"What is the mystery of this acacia tree, and it can actually control strangers for its own use..." Looking at the five lifelike powerhouses, there was a vacancy in the eyes of the bodies that were no different from the living, and Hu Tianyuan suddenly frowned. wrinkled.

"It doesn't matter, let's do it first." After a while, Qi Ziwen said.

"Wait... This seems to be the Yunhuo Venerable of our Ice and Fire House." After a while, Kong An of the Ice and Fire House stared at the old man closest to him with an unusually solemn expression and said.

"It is said that the last time the Acacia tree came, many strong people from the Central Region came rashly, and as the Acacia tree was acquired by the master of the Lingyuan, some sect elders were also missing." Xiao Yan's figure came to the four at the same time. Opened the mouth.

"Why are you here?"

"Hurry up!" Seeing Xiao Yan appearing, Qi Ziwen said angrily.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"These five powerhouses are probably elder-level figures from some sects in the Central Territory. Although I don't know why they were controlled by the Acacia tree, after a thousand years, their bodies are extremely well preserved. The Acacia tree has something to do with it, and the power they can volatilize now is probably extremely terrifying." Xiao Yan analyzed.

"Now, only by defeating these five guardians can we approach the Acacia tree."

"I can stop one." After Shunxi, looking at the four who didn't speak, Xiao Yan opened his mouth.

"In that case, it's not too late, let's do it!" Song Lanfeng nodded slowly after hearing this.

"That's good!" When Kong An and Hu Tianyuan heard the words, they couldn't help but glance at Xiao Yan. After all, Xiao Yan was able to say that he could stop a late-stage Four-Star Fighting Immortal with the strength of the late-stage Three-Star Fighting Immortal, which was enough for them to face it.

"Pimples!" At the moment when the five people were talking, the five lifelike old men slowly took a step towards the void in front of them, and then said in unison.

"The intruder...death!" The majestic and terrifying aura that contained some kind of coercion spread instantly, making this space become restless!

"You are the one!"

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!" After a while, Xiao Yan directly locked on an old man with a scar in the figure, and the ancient ruler of different fires behind him attacked directly with a dazzling fighting spirit!

"Death!" The old man with scars looked pale and looked like an empty space. He was attacked by Xiao Yan and waved his sleeves easily. Xiao Yan's dazzling attack immediately dissipated into the void. At this time, the old man with scars' attention, He was also completely attracted by Xiao Yan.

"Damn... this guy is too strong." Being stared at by the old man with a scar, a huge pressure suddenly emerged in Xiao Yan's body. Obviously, this guy's strength in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Xian belongs to the real powerhouse.

"Hey, little guy, I remember."

"The way to get inside the Acacia tree seems to be starting from the roots."

"As for how to enter, I don't know, but the Acacia tree is probably related to the word Acacia." Just when Xiao Yan's pressure was greatly increased, the Lord of Soul Eater suddenly said.

"Where is the root..." Xiao Yan looked at the root of the acacia tree, and suddenly found that the pink halo slowly wriggled at the root, which seemed a little strange.

"Hey, don't worry, these four people don't have the power of lovesickness. Even if they completely defeat the guardian, they can't enter the interior. Only you can." He misses.

"Pick me up!"

"A finger in the sky, call the heaven and earth!" With a cold snort, Xiao Yan's speed skyrocketed, and then when he moved at a high speed to avoid the attack of the old man with a scar, a bright finger burst out from his palm.

"Crash!" Xiao Yan's seemingly tyrannical finger just hit the scarred old man, but there was no injury, as if the breeze was blowing weakly.

"The gap between strengths is really too much." In order not to expose too much of his cards, Xiao Yan didn't want to use the flame swallowing technique, but Xiao Yan's top priority at this time was to temporarily restrain the chasing old man with a scar. Live, as long as you enter the inside of the acacia tree, then all this will be solved. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Two fingers in the sky, break the sky!"

"Three fingers!"

"Broken mountains and rivers!" Zaidu called out, and two bright flames pointed directly at the old man with scars.

"Crash!" At this moment, in the face of Xiao Yan's attack, the old man with scars did not take it lightly, his body was full of blue fighting energy, and with the blessing of pink love, he slowly cracked Xiao Yan's blow.

"Blood-devouring monument!"

"Purgatory Array!" In an instant, when the old man with scars cracked his flame finger, the formation and the sealing stone tablet fell off Xiao Yan's hands, and slammed towards the old man with scars behind him.

"Puff, puff!" After being attacked by Xiao Yan for a while, the old man with the scar was also temporarily entangled, and Xiao Yan's figure was non-stop towards the roots of the acacia tree.

"This kid, it seems that he has some skills." The other four battle circles watched Xiao Yan's actions, and immediately nodded secretly, but they didn't have any taboos about Xiao Yan flying to the roots of the acacia tree, and the five guardians did not solve it. , it is naturally impossible to enter the Acacia tree.

"Wong Buzz!"

"Acacia tree!" Xiao Yan murmured softly just after arriving at the root of the acacia tree.

Going directly under the roots of the acacia tree and looking up, Xiao Yan realized how huge this acacia tree was, and that huge pink halo could only be said to cover the sun.

"However, how do I get in?" The palm gently touched the roots of the acacia tree With the dazzling soul power, Xiao Yan could feel the extremely angry acacia tree. mood.

"Close your eyes, Shen Shen."

"Think of your lover in a foreign country." Just when Xiao Yan hesitated, the voice of Soul Eater slowly fell in love.

"Xun'er." When Xiao Yan heard this, he didn't know if he was breathing or not, but he temporarily forgot that he was trapped in the battle. In his mind, scenes and scenes of shocking and profound memories on the Dou Qi Continent were reproduced.

"Brother Xiao Yan is not a waste..."

"He will take back the glory that belongs to him one day. I will always believe in Brother Xiao Yan..."

"Thirty years of Hedong, thirty years of Hexi, don't bully young poor!"

"..."

"Color scales..."

"This is the person protected by this king. If you want to touch him, ask me first..."

"Yunyun... the valley expels poison..."

"Promise me, don't risk swallowing the strange fire..."

"Yunlanzong, Huazong..."

"Also, Yingying... I'm sorry..."

A series of familiar memories suddenly rolled in Xiao Yan's mind at this time, and with this scene, the holy flame heart on Xiao Yan's chest suddenly burst out with an extremely hot blue flame, responding to Xiao Yan.

"Weng buzzing!" At the next moment, with the change in Xiao Yan's body, a pink halo suddenly emerged from Xiao Yan's body, and this acacia power was astonishingly similar to that of the acacia above the acacia tree. Power is completely different!

"not good!"

"Hurry up and stop him!" The four who had just fought with the other four strong men seemed to realize something, and their pupils could not help shrinking tightly.

"Shabu Shabu!" Before the four of them could start, Xiao Yan's body suddenly turned into a pink halo, directly following the roots of the Acacia tree, slowly dissipating in this void.