Chapter Vol 4 1047: Everyone's hope!

With the arrival of Xiao Yan and the others, the powerhouses of other super sects also slowly came to the residence of Fenxiang Pavilion.

"Feng Lin in the Ancient Desolate Palace?"

"Wan Jianmen Jianxin?"

"Who are you?" Senior Brother Mu Tianyuan recognized many of them at a glance, and immediately opened his mouth.

"Brother Tian Yuan... stay safe." Jian Xin said with a smile.

In addition to Kenshin, the leaders of other super sects also came here.

"Stop gossiping." Mu Tianyuan, Feng Lin, and Jianxin have a good relationship, but that doesn't mean they have a good relationship with other super sect powerhouses, so he said calmly.

"Senior Brother Mu, you have also seen that the teleportation formation that left the Blood River in front of you was modified by the Xuanling Royal Family. The current formation can be regarded as something that will destroy us..."

"For today's plan, only we can join forces." At this time, Hua Lexin, who was carrying a puppet, stepped forward and said.

"That's right!" Jeongyeon Gu Dangu and other super sect powerhouses nodded in succession.

"Hey, this formation is helpless for you, but it doesn't mean that we can't crack it by burning incense." At this moment, Xiao Yan stood up and laughed.

"Oh……"

"Junior Brother Xiao Yan really has this ability?" At this time, the powerhouses of those super sects also shined.

"I have a way to defeat him and get out of here." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"That's really gratifying to congratulate." After hearing the words, the other super sect experts took a deep breath and said, with Xiao Yan's words, they were relieved.

"Everyone, at this time, I'll open the skylight and say something bright."

"I can indeed defeat this extraterritorial evil race, but I have no obligation to take you away." A smile appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth.

"Xiao Yan!"

"you……"

"White-eyed wolf..." And following Xiao Yan's words, the other super sect powerhouses all frowned, but the people from the Poison Sect and Wanhua Pavilion were secretly standing in the Burning Incense Pavilion, feeling reasonable. , Xiao Yan will take them away together.

"It's easy to ask me to take you away."

"Help us to obliterate all the disciples of the Xuanling royal family." Xiao Yan also knew that it was impossible to completely offend these people at present, but it was obviously impossible to make Xiao Yanbai contribute.

"Destroy the Xuanling royal family?"

"This is a matter for your Burning Incense Pavilion. If we do this, I'm afraid we will stand on the opposite side of the Xuanling royal family." Some strong people still declined.

"It's fine if you don't want to."

"Don't worry, without my help, you can't leave here."

"Xiao Yi, let's go!" Xiao Yan finished speaking, without hesitation, he took Xiao Yi directly towards the map, and Yin Tong followed slowly.

The reason why Xiao Yan didn't take action immediately was because it took time to absorb the power of the Soul Eater Talisman, but the power absorbed at the moment was obviously enough to kill the Gorefiend, so he didn't stop there, otherwise the river of blood would become more condensed and would be a real threat to the safety of their lives.

"Damn!"

"This Xiao Yan is really slick..." Seeing Xiao Yan leave, other strong men who were not reconciled also cursed.

"Everyone, please make your own choices."

"Fenxiangge disciples, follow me to kill the Xuanling royal family!" And the senior brother Mu Tianyuan also trusted Xiao Yan very much, and did not say too much to those strong people, he directly called the hundreds of disciples behind him to prepare to kill the Xuanling royal family. go.

"Sisters of Wanhua Pavilion, together with Burning Incense Pavilion, kill the Xuanling royal family!"

"Son of the Poison Sect, follow me to kill the Xuanling royal family!"

"The people of the Ancient Desolate Palace listen to my orders and kill the Xuanling royal family!"

"Wanjianmen..." Four voices sounded, and then the whole sky radiated a majestic fighting intent.

"grown ups……"

"This..." And the disciples of the Xuanling royal family were all shrouded in blood-colored aura at this time, but they did not turn into nourishment, and even their aura was faintly strengthened.

"Pass my order, don't keep your hands, cast a blood curse to obliterate everyone here!" Xuan Wanjin laughed as he saw that many of his disciples had turned into nourishment for the river of blood.

"Disciples of the Xuanling royal family, cast a blood curse to destroy everyone here!" And the leader of the Xuanling royal family also said.

"Xiao Yan, this kid is very clever, and it is not so easy to obliterate the disciples of the Xuanling royal family."

"I'm afraid the power of the blood curse on their bodies will be even higher."

"However, as of now, I can only pin all my hopes on Xiao Yan." Jian Xin said slowly.

"It's all here, there is no choice."

"Let's fight." The other super sects who were dissatisfied with Xiao Yan at the beginning also summoned their disciples and attacked the Xuanling royal family.

At that time, the entire forest was full of blood, and the disciples of countless super sects not only fought with the Xuanling royal family, but even the blood river continued to absorb their power.

"Is this your last resort..." Xiao Yan was at a height below zero, and the black energy from the origin continued to emerge from his body, looking at the blood demon envoy who was entrenched on the huge river of blood and said.

"The power in your body is very strong."

"But I believe it's almost exhausted." The Gorefiend seemed to be extremely afraid of the soul-eating aura on Xiao Yan's body, and said.

"Blood Demon Envoy, today, you will die!" Xiao Yan said slightly with a calm expression.

"Who will kill the deer, let's make a move to decide the outcome." The Gorefiend said with a smile.

"I can't ask for it." Xiao Yan was a little surprised when he heard the words, but the ancient ruler of the eternal fire was slightly removed from the back, and a majestic and bright flame slowly radiated out.

"This guy has not only the power of holy flame, but also the power of eating souls. I'm afraid this power is not enough!"

"Disciple of the Xuanling royal family, sacrifice blood!" The Gorefiend had just finished muttering in his heart, and suddenly his palms changed drastically.

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, the disciples of the Xuanling royal family who were fighting against countless super sects in the forest below suddenly suddenly rose up, and finally shrank suddenly, and exploded directly.

"Shabu-shabu!" All the disciples of the Xuanling royal family did not escape the attack of the blood demon envoy, and immediately they all turned into a fog of blood and merged into the river of blood.

"Using all the disciples of the Xuanling Royal Family as a bet, this Blood Demon Envoy is also afraid of Junior Brother Xiao Yan."

"Come on, junior brother, we believe in you." Seeing that all the disciples of the Xuanling royal family disappeared in an instant, Mu Tianyuan also exuded a sense of relief that his great revenge had been paid.

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Yan, let me see how you fight me!"

"The river of blood, destroy it for me!" After the blood mist of all the disciples of the Xuanling royal family was injected, an extremely powerful and tyrannical sense of oppression came out directly from the river of blood.

"The first foot of the seven-layered sky-breaking ruler!"

"Three-step swimming ruler."

"Two-foot waves stack a thousand feet."

"Three-foot-foot Shadow"

"Four-foot-shattering ruler." Four dazzling ruler beams, with the power of holy flame and the mysterious power of the soul-devouring talisman, directly hit the incomparably evil river of blood.

"Boom!" The four chi-mans just touched the blood river, and they only caused a slight damage, and they were wiped out.

"Xiao Yan, I see who can save you today!" Seeing this, the Gorefiend immediately laughed out loud.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Sure enough...but"

"Five feet imprisoned in the sky."

"Six feet of separation." Xiao Yan saw that four feet can't work There was a hint of determination in his pupils, and an even greater force emerged.

"Bang bang bang!" Another two tyrannical chimans attacked, and the blood river suddenly trembled!

"Gulu." And after the two chi awns caused tremors to the blood river, they also dissipated.

"Nice power..."

"If you are stronger than this, I'm afraid my attack really can't deal with you."

"However, it's over." The Gorefiend laughed frantically, because he was shocked to discover the rapidly shrinking power within Xiao Yan's body.

"The seventh foot...the ruler of the sky!" At this moment, on Xiao Yan's left and right hands, two prismatic crystals exuding khaki and cyan flames appeared directly, and then a burst of incomparably pure power erupted against the blood. The river was purified, and at the same time, a dazzling milky white ruler slowly fell off from Xiao Yan's hand.

Without any sound and without the slightest power, it was like the first ray of light before dawn pierced through the darkness and blasted away at the incomparably evil river of blood.

"Bang bang bang!" The two dazzling attacks clashed directly, and the Gorefiend didn't have time to be surprised, his pupils shrank tightly, and a familiar voice came out slowly.

"Senior brother... Your revenge, I will avenge you!" As the voice fell, the Gorefiend only felt that his chest was pierced by a palm full of cyan and khaki flames!

And the many experts in the forest below who were still worried about Xiao Yan were now dumbfounded!

.