Chapter Vol 4 2194: Provocation and confrontation!

"All right."

"Stop talking nonsense."

"Although the election is an internal strife of our fire elves, the elves headquarters have ordered that deathmatch is strictly prohibited, so next, you may be wronged to enter the cage."

"As for the other powerhouses in your southern tribe, they couldn't escape the princess' palm in the end."

Among the three, the two men in Tsing Yi were all eight-star Dou Xian Consummation. The leading man in red robe raised his palm, and the surging Dou Qi energy emerged, and the silver halo was like a strong rope that had been exerted with special power, just now. When it appeared, it landed directly on the injured man Xi Mo, tying up all the remaining power in his body, making him unable to move.

"Crack!"

With a bang, when this terrifying power fell, the entire world outside suddenly became dark, and an inexplicable strange breath formed an energy barrier under his eyelids, covering the void.

In the energy barrier, tens of thousands of forest plants and trees suddenly grew wildly, instantly binding the three hostile elf men.

The array space, the Array of Immortal Silk and Vine, is still an enhanced version!

"who!"

"Hugh, pretend to be a ghost, get out!"

The three of them looked at each other, feeling this majestic seal energy, the leader in red robe couldn't help but said.

"Haha, dear old friend."

When the voice fell, Xiao Yan's figure suddenly appeared from the dying elf man. In the surging void, the injured elf man was easily swept into the void and rescued.

"Humanity?"

"Bold human beings, dare to break into the space of our elven holy land, let me wait for you to be captured and handed over to the princess."

The voice fell, and the terrifying power brewed out of the three of them, and quickly blasted away at the void under the formation space.

The appearance of humans and elves is still very distinguishable, and the aura of elves and humans is too different, and the space of the sea of ​​​​the sky is extremely mysterious. Into it, but now the situation is tense, the three naturally ignore these issues.

"Humanity?"

The injured man felt that his body quickly left here, and the mysterious formation in the sea of ​​​​flowers surrounded the three strong men, and immediately looked at Xiao Yan.

"Boy, where are you running!"

"Elf secret technique, Wanling Butterfly!"

The leader of the red robe figure roared, and a silver energy butterfly shadow suddenly condensed on Bai Zhi's palm, launched the attack first, and quickly chased after Xiao Yan.

"Bang bang bang!"

The energy butterfly shadow seems to be weak, only a few dozen feet in size, but wherever it passes along the way, the void trembles slightly, and the power of the formation cannot be restrained. It is carrying extremely terrifying destructive power and whistles out.

"Humph!"

Seeing this, Xiao Yan sneered, the fighting spirit and the flame in the body waved together, the surging fighting qi energy directly formed a fierce shadow of the immortal sparrow, spread its wings and whistled towards the butterfly shadow.

"Boom!"

The two attacked and contacted, and the energy contained in the second attack instantly expanded and exploded, and the hot energy caused the temperature here to rise a lot unconsciously.

"Boom!"

Xiao Yan disappeared. Immediately, in this sea of ​​flowers, the formations wriggled, and some thick trees appeared, blocking the progress of the three people who were imprisoned.

"Damn human boy!"

"Go!"

"We will destroy this formation together!"

The red-robed elf man roared, the three nodded, and the energy swept out of their bodies, followed by terrifying attacks, which instantly shattered the formation, leaving traces of shattering.

"Jiuxin?"

"you are not?"

Xiao Yan took the injured man out of the formation space and handed it over to Jiuxin, and immediately showed signs of returning to the battlefield.

"Wait, could this be?"

Suddenly, the pale face of the elf man seemed to sense something, and his eyes were fixed on Xiao Yan.

"You stay here, you'll be fine soon."

"When I'm done with this place, take me to Xiao Yi."

The voice fell, and Xiao Yan returned the same way without seeing him.

"Is this the brother Xiao Yi called him?"

"Sure enough, you have great spirit."

"Hey, Jiuxin, why does this comatose woman beside you resemble Miss Aisha from the Western Tribe?"

"..."

"Puff puff!"

Although the power of the formation is not bad, Xiao Yan can barely cast 90,000 formation patterns, which is still enough to deal with the ordinary Eight-star Fighting Immortals. If facing this kind of reincarnation, at least 100,000 formations are needed!

Although the wood attribute imprisoning formation with the blessing of the ninety thousand Taoist formations is terrifying, it is still extremely difficult to deal with two eight-star fighting immortals and a true reincarnation rank.

"Bang bang bang!"

The formation space was continuously attacked by three people, and bursts of harsh energy explosions emerged, and I am afraid that it will be completely shattered in a short time.

"Did you play well?"

Just when the formation was about to shatter, the whole world suddenly had a strong aura of hot molten lava emerge.

The lava seemed to have just erupted from the crater. It was amber in shape and extremely magnificent. There was even a figure in it, walking out slowly like a fire god.

"Gulu... what kind of flame is this?"

The red-robed elf man squinted his eyes, his slightly sharp ears exuded a strange wave, his eyes locked tightly on the amber molten liquid around Xiao Yan, it seemed that the power of flames of that level was emitting invisibly. A wave that made his heart palpitate.

"Immortal Underworld Sparrow!"

"Holy Flame Armor!"

Xiao Yan roared, and the amber-colored lava directly irrigated his body. The gorgeous holy flame armor gave Xiao Yan a strong defense, and behind him, a violent and ferocious animal soul emerged together. , particularly striking.

"Brother, this guy is tricking, let me try."

One of the two green-clothed elves around him roared, then his body trembled and jumped directly over.

"Eat my palm!"

The Tsing Yi elf just appeared not far from Xiao Yan, and with a roar, a brown flame lingered in his palm, faint traces of burning patterns emerged, and the offensive swept towards Xiao Yan like lightning.

"Pfft!"

Xiao Yan also raised his palm, and under the blessing of two forces, his body rose into the air, and the terrifying fluctuations of fighting qi were undoubtedly displayed at this time, and he attacked the elf man in blue.

"Wong buzzing!"

The two of them held each other's hands The palms of the man in blue shrugged violently, and his body instantly shot back towards the back. There were traces of blood on the corners of his mouth, and his arms seemed to be dislocated and out of control.

"The third one!"

Looking at this scene, the other two elf men looked at each other, the urgent voice in their eyes was very obvious, and the speed skyrocketed and went towards the man in blue.

"Cough cough cough..."

The man in Tsing Yi forcibly held back the stabbing pain from his arm and stared at Xiao Yan with resentment. At this time, he was extremely unwilling and unbelievable.

Why does this guy who looks extremely weak have such strange strength?

"It's really weak enough."

"Don't waste my time, let's come together."

"After all of you are dealt with, I have to collect the body of the Princess Alice you mentioned."

Xiao Yan clapped his hands, with provocation and laziness in his eyes, it seemed that every word at this moment was just an extremely simple action.

But Xiao Yan's purpose is also very obvious.

Just use these three people to try the power that I have controlled so far. Whether it is fire attribute or thunder wood, etc., how far can it be achieved!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: