Chapter Vol 4 1425: Break the seal!

"Are you alright?" Yuan Yan immediately looked at Xiao Yan, who had an ugly face, and asked with concern just after entering the cave.

"It's okay." Xiao Yan heard the words, the bright flames gathered at the toes, and then easily forced the green aura back.

Although this green aura is highly poisonous, Xiao Yan, as an alchemist, is naturally not afraid of the fire's impressive power.

"Let's go, this should be the end of the treasure map, go in and have a look." After the wound was healed, Xiao Yan also spoke softly, his eyes became deep, and he looked into the depths of the cave.

"It's a little weird here. It seems to have an extremely tyrannical force of confinement. Be careful." At this time, Yuan Yan's big watery eyes seemed to penetrate the darkness, looking at the end of the cave and said.

"Yes." Xiao Yan was calm on the surface, but his heart was more or less shocked. After all, he was able to detect many mysteries at a young age. I'm afraid this girl has a lot of secrets.

"Huhu." The yin wind roared, and the strange yin wind kept blowing in it, making the two of them shudder.

"This cave is a little weird..." The cave was too dark, Xiao Yan directly pushed the core of the bucket in his body, and the flames that continued far and wide suddenly emerged from the body, and then lined up on the walls around the cave.

"Tick tock." In some places, there is a rare sound of water droplets. The energy in these water droplets is exactly the same as in the surrounding lakes.

"Oops." After a while, Yuan Yan exclaimed in surprise.

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan heard this and hurriedly surrounded Yuan Yan.

"Here... there seems to be an enchantment."

"I just bumped into it just now." Yuan Yan's little face looked at the dark space in front of her with curiosity, and couldn't help but say.

"This..." Xiao Yan heard the words, wrapped the power of flame in his palm, and then gently probed into the void in front of him.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the seemingly transparent space seemed to be isolated by something, and Xiao Yan's palm froze in mid-air out of thin air.

"What is the power of the enchantment..." Xiao Yan muttered to himself when he noticed this scene.

Because Xiao Yan's appearance was extremely strange at this time, and there was nothing blocking them in front of them, but when their bodies moved forward, they were completely blocked by a colorless and transparent force, and they could not move forward at all.

"Fire!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, preparing to use the dazzling flames to see if he could crack this strange barrier.

"Big brother, I have a solution." In an instant, Yuan Yan's small face slowly opened her mouth, and her voice was filled with a proud look.

"You?" Xiao Yan had some concerns just now, but the next moment, Yuan Yan's actions made Xiao Yan calm down.

"Weng Om Om!" Yuan Yan sat down steadily, and then a series of tyrannical core inscriptions continued to emerge from the Ni Gong Wan in his body, and suddenly filled the entire cave.

"Strange, this Nizi's core inscriptions are clearly less than 30,000, how is it more powerful than my 33,000?" Xiao Yan naturally easily noticed the number of Yuan Yan's core inscriptions, and then spoke up. .

"Go!" Nearly 30,000 core inscriptions emerged, directly surrounding Yuan Yan, and then when Yuan Yan gave an order, it immediately formed a huge energy ripple, and whistled away to the mysterious confinement in front of him.

Yuan Yan was not too worried, after all, Xiao Yan saved his sister, and the core inscriptions of the battle formation master were the most mysterious existences even in the Great Thousand World, so he did not take much precautions against Xiao Yan. Little do they know that these were all probed by Xiao Yan.

"Crash!" The tyrannical core inscription just came to the side of Mysterious Imprisonment, and suddenly scattered everywhere, turning into a pool of silver liquid, and then suddenly attached to the void.

"It turned out to be the gate of forbidden space... No wonder it is so mysterious." In an instant, under Yuan Yan's actions, the mysterious imprisonment in the cave also appeared.

Xiao Yan saw that in front of the two of them, a silver stone gate completely sealed the way forward for the two of them!

Even above the silver stone gate, ancient and powerful hidden lines quietly emerged!

"This girl's use of the core inscriptions is much more tyrannical than me." Seeing Yuan Yan easily showing the original shape of the confinement, Xiao Yan smiled helplessly.

How could Xiao Yan imagine that a young girl could hide so deeply.

"The Gate of Forbidden Space?" After a while, Xiao Yan asked in confusion, obviously this was the first time he had heard of this new term.

"The Gate of Forbidden Space, this is a rare method in the formation."

"It is to combine the power of space and the formation method, so as to hide the confinement in a special space, and use it as a sealing door to protect some special places."

"If you want to break this confinement, you can only break it by using the power of the same source to show the original shape." Yuan Yan said.

"The obscure patterns on the stone gate seem a little difficult." Xiao Yan frowned, obviously there was no good solution for a while.

"Hey, I have a way!"

"This kind of confinement, when I was in the sect, I was lucky enough to see it in an ancient book." Suddenly, Yuan Yan opened his mouth.

"These two guys...surely there is a way!" At the same time, a pair of extremely obscure green snake pupils were looming at the drop of water that the two of them passed by, but Xiao Yan and the two did not notice it.

"Weng Om!" After a while, Yuan Yan sat cross-legged directly, the dazzling core inscription and fighting spirit emerged at the same time, and then slowly lingered on top of his body.

"This is……"

"What a profound formation." Seeing that Yuan Yan's fighting spirit and the core inscriptions were slowly merging together, a strange force that made Xiao Yan feel a little scared slowly emerged from Yuan Yan's body.

"Go!" With a coquettish anger, Yuan Yanyu's hand suddenly changed, and countless complicated handprints were displayed in an instant.

Under such complicated handprints, the special power that combines Dou Qi and core inscriptions is easily blasted away at the Gate of Forbidden Space.

"Bang bang bang!" Yuan Yan's attack seemed to be soft and weak, but it was easily attached to the door of the forbidden sky. The next moment, the ancient lines on the forbidden sky door were slowly filled with those special liquids. , After a while, the ancient lines disappeared without a trace.

"The next step is to rely on you, big brother, my strength can no longer open this stone gate." After doing all this, Yuan Yan's breath was sluggish, and it was obvious that he had just merged the battle qi and the core inscription, which consumed a lot of power.

"You rest for a while, then look at me." Xiao Yan smiled at him slowly, a gentle force entered his body, and then waved it casually, a flame of several dozen meters in size, facing the ban. The gate of the sky blasted away.

"Boom!" Shimen lost the protection of the ancient lines, so it became vulnerable and was easily destroyed by Xiao Yan.

"This is……"

"Ancient Array?" The next moment, as the stone gate was completely shattered, the core aspect of the cave also poured into the sight of the two of them. The weak Yuan Yan wanted to take a rest, but her big watery eyes suddenly shrank. , staring at the inside, shocked!

https://

Genius website address: . Mobile version reading website: