Chapter 380: Mu Yingying's holy flame!

"Susu!" The man in black was also relentless. After cracking the lotus of annihilation, he still roared away at Xiao Yan!

Attempting to rely on his powerful strength, without giving Xiao Yan any chance, kill him with one hit!

The terrifying golden battle qi on the palm of his hand, if it hit Xiao Yan like this, the terror would have to drag a layer of skin even if he didn't die.

Xiao Yan also murmured, "Sure enough..."

"The difference in strength is too much..."

Xiao Yan also knows that his seemingly invincible Lotus of Destruction has achieved quite satisfactory results in dealing with powerhouses of the same level as Emperor Dou. , If you go beyond the ranks to deal with the enemy, the results obtained are also minimal!

Not to mention, relying on his current 4-star Dou Emperor Perfection level strength, to cause fatal damage to this 8-star Dou Emperor, relying on the lotus of silence is obviously not enough.

Therefore, Xiao Yan was not surprised that the lotus of annihilation could delay the man in black for nearly a few seconds.

It's just that Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying were not in a daze for a few seconds when the Lotus of Destruction blocked the man in black.

Because the two of them also knew that the enshrinement of the Xuanling royal family in front of them obviously wanted to eradicate the two of them, and they immediately did not have the slightest reservation.

First of all, Xiao Yan was also covered in milky white flames, and then the ancient ruler of the eternal fire was slowly taken down by Xiao Yan. At the same time, Long Yi on the ancient ruler of the eternal fire also appeared, obviously so terrifying. Powerhouses, even Long Yi, are quite troubled, not to mention that Long Yi has already turned into a spirit, and his strength has been greatly weakened.

Xiao Yan also muttered to himself, this eight-star Dou Emperor level powerhouse is not something he can handle now, and the only thing he can do is the Lotus of Destruction and the Immortal Body!

Xiao Yan had also tried the Lotus of Destruction, and it was only able to block the man in black for a few seconds. As for the immortal body, Xiao Yan also found that this space was blocked by a mysterious prohibition, and it was fundamentally impossible. Can't display the body of Dou Di!

Otherwise, even if it is enshrined by the Xuanling royal family as powerful as the eight-star Dou Emperor in front of him, Xiao Yan has displayed his immortal body, and he still has the confidence to retreat.

It's just that now this last resort is useless, Xiao Yan immediately grabbed the ancient ruler of Yi Huo Heng, and Long Yi was entrenched on it, as if he was quietly thinking about something.

Mu Yingying on the side seemed to have noticed Xiao Yan who was hesitant, and then she did not hesitate, after all, this was an eight-star Dou Emperor level powerhouse.

The whole body was filled with azure flames, and the next moment, Mei Mei glared at Xiao Yan slightly, the azure flames all over her body exuded an extremely terrifying wave.

"Cough, cough..." The man in black also coughed violently. Obviously, although Xiao Yan's lotus of annihilation seemed to be cracked just now, the terrifying power contained in the lotus of annihilation was probably only The black-clothed people know that a kid with a mere four-star Dou Emperor level of perfection can actually perform such a terrifying attack, which really surprised the black-clothed people!

If it weren't for the man in black possessing the strength of an eight-star Dou Di, I'm afraid he would have been seriously injured by this lotus of annihilation!

"This son can't stay!" There was also a strong killing intent in the pupils of the man in black, and then he broke through the lotus of annihilation, mixed with a terrifying attack, and went towards Xiao Yan!

"what?"

"The flame on this woman's body seems a bit strange..." The man in black was about to attack Xiao Yan in a blink of an eye, and after seeing the blue flame on Mu Yingying's body, he stopped his hand with great interest and stopped at Five meters away from Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying, they quietly waited for the attack in Mu Yingying's hands.

Because even Xiao Yan's lotus of annihilation, which was fused with twenty-three kinds of different fires just now, didn't have the horror emitted by the blue flames on Mu Yingying's body!

At the level of the eight-star Dou Di of the man in black, there are absolutely not many things that can make his heart move!

But this azure flame can definitely be regarded as one of them!

Originally, the man in black could rely on his own strength to directly kill the two of them, but because of his absolute confidence in his own strength, the man in black also wanted to solve the two of them slowly!

Because he had evil thoughts!

If there are as many as twenty-three kinds of flames on Xiao Yan's body, if they are absorbed by him, then maybe he can step into the level of a more powerful Nine-Star Dou Emperor!

Jiuxing Doudi, in this Xuanling royal family is also an existence who can only hold the sky with one hand!

As long as you step into the Nine Star Dou Emperor, then you can also go to the deepest part of the underground palace and try to conquer the mysterious power that exists there!

You must know that even an eight-star Dou Emperor level as powerful as him is not qualified to set foot on the seventh floor of the underground palace!

But there is no doubt that there is definitely something in the seventh floor of the underground palace that will make even the immortal warriors quite excited!

Such an attractive condition, the man in black will definitely not let it go!

But the task given to him by King Xuanling is also, kill this Xiao Yan at all costs!

Because Xiao Yan killed the twin ghost emperors, their plans for the Xuanling Royal Family and Solomon had to be postponed, so this person must be killed before they grow up!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Save the trouble later!

"Susu!"

"The flame on your body is really extraordinary..."

"Why don't you give it to me." A laughter with a weird smile also came from under the cloak of the man in black Humph! When Mu Yingying heard the words, she didn't pay any attention to the man in black. Instead, she slowly flowed the blue flame on her body, and the next moment, a holy aura also emanated from Mu Yingying's body. come out!

"This fluctuation..." The next moment, Xiao Yan, who was still hesitating, suddenly found something, and then stared blankly at Mu Yingying in front of him, and slowly confided the difficult words from his mouth. come out……

"That is……"

"The power of holy flame..."

Mu Yingying seemed to hear Xiao Yan's words, and immediately a soul force came out, and then entered Xiao Yan's body.

"My flame is indeed a holy flame, but now I can't control it well..." Mu Yingying also moved her lips slightly, and then said.

When Xiao Yan heard this, his pupils also became hot!

Because this time, it was the first time Xiao Yan had come into contact with Holy Flame at such a close distance!

What is the difference between Holy Flame and Different Fire!

All kinds of mysteries are also plaguing Xiao Yan!

However, Xiao Yan did not show too much excitement, because Xiao Yan found out that the soul power that Mu Yingying injected into her body seemed to be quite extraordinary.

And just at the injection of Mu Yingying's soul power, Xiao Yan also felt in the dark, that in his soul realm, the Saint Flame Soul Seed that he obtained from the secret realm of the Yin Corpse Forest also has some movement!

Ask for tickets!