Chapter Vol 4 1452: Enemy road is narrow!

The power of the blood of the Xiao clan is something that only the people of the Xiao clan can possess!

And with the power of blood, it is possible to summon clan marks to help out, and even cultivate some little-known things. The power of that kind of thing is enough to really shake the heroes, and even the most important thing. It is this guy who is related to the Xiao clan, I am afraid More or less know something about the Xiao clan.

"This guy... Who is it?" The next moment, Xiao Yan hurriedly suppressed the fluctuations and suppression of the power of blood in his body and the clan lines between his eyebrows, so as not to let the surrounding figures notice anything strange, but then his heart was turned upside down.

There is no doubt that after Xiao Yan was exchanged blood by his ancestor Xiao Xuan in the Dou Qi Continent, he possessed the purest blood power of the Xiao Clan in his body, and even experienced some mysterious things later, in the clan lines between his eyebrows. , seems to be hiding their Xiao clan's guard, the Ten Temple Yama!

Even so, Xiao Yan still has no solution to the secret of the Xiao Clan's elimination in the Great Thousand World. Now, when he encounters the familiar smell of this human-ghost combination, Xiao Yan's heart is shocked.

That is clearly the taste of their Xiao clan!

But now that he met this guy, Xiao Yan would not give up no matter what, and would definitely rescue him safely.

"What's the matter?" The Soul Eater Master naturally did not notice these things, and immediately felt Xiao Yan's sudden change of mood, and asked in doubt.

"Master... I am afraid that this guy has the blood power of our Xiao family." Xiao Yan said solemnly, his voice was very firm.

"what……"

"He has the power of your Xiao family's bloodline on him?" Suddenly, the Master of Soul Eater was also shocked.

"Well...it's not wrong." Xiao Yan nodded affirmatively, even if the power of the soul is wrong, the power of blood is not wrong.

"No wonder no wonder..."

"I said that a baby born with a combination of human and ghost will definitely not live to be ten years old, but if he actually survives to adulthood, so he has the power of your Xiao family bloodline, then it makes sense... After all, the word Xiao family is in Daqian. In the world, it has great magic power." The next moment, the Master of Soul Eater also smiled relievedly, no wonder he felt strange at the beginning.

"Since that's the case... this guy must get it." Xiao Yan nodded slowly, and then he stopped talking. His breath was hidden. Once there was a winner in the auction, he would immediately take further action. This guy has the smell of the Xiao family, Xiao Yan said. Nothing will miss this opportunity, maybe it will let Xiao Yan know a lot of things, and even if he returns without success, as a member of the Xiao family, Xiao Yan has the responsibility and obligation to rescue him.

"I will create a quasi-immortal technique." In an instant, Mu Xi on the side said directly to the many figures in Taichung.

"Quasi Immortal Technique?" After hearing the words, many experts present looked at each other in dismay. Obviously, this word has the magic power of shocking power.

"This guy... is really willing."

"The value of quasi-immortal fighting skills is unique in the Great Thousand World. Even some super sects are few..." As Mu Xi spoke, the noisy venue suddenly became quiet, and everyone was Looking at it, they also wanted to see how sacred it was to be able to come up with something so precious as a quasi-immortal fighting skill.

In today's world, the classification of fighting skills ranges from the lowest heaven rank, the immortal rank, the holy rank, to the legendary **** rank fighting skills.

And the highest god-level fighting skills are said to have the power of gods and ghosts that shake the heavens and the earth, but there are very few in the world.

Among the several ranks, there are the most disputes between the holy rank fighting skills and the **** rank fighting skills, because among the two ranks, with the increase in strength, the power difference between the two fighting skills is too great, resulting in many strong players. It is believed that one level should be added to the two levels to distinguish the power of fighting skills. Therefore, with the continuous exploration of many branches and human beings, between the holy-level fighting skills and the god-level fighting skills, a Classification is used to distinguish the power of fighting skills.

Immortal fighting skills.

After the holy rank fighting skills, only the level of the immortal skills, and after the immortal skills, is the real **** rank fighting skills.

Immortal arts are divided into Quasi Immortal Techniques, Low Grade Immortal Techniques, Middle Grade Immortal Techniques, and High Grade Immortal Techniques. After that, they are genuine god-level fighting techniques.

The so-called celestial arts are similar to ordinary fighting skills, but the only difference is that performing celestial arts not only requires the most support from dazzling fighting qi, but also requires the support of the realm. Possess the domain or the strength exceeds the level of the five-star fighting immortal.

In the Great Thousand Worlds, Heaven Rank Dou Skills are the lowest level, while Immortal Rank Dou Skills are mostly used by Dou Emperors. As for Saint Rank Dou Skills on the upper level, they are between one-star Dou Xian and four-star Dou Xian. It is generally used, and after that, it is the immortal fighting technique that can only be used by the five-star fighting immortals or those with domain power.

After the immortal fighting skills, it is the real god-level fighting skills.

The so-called god-level fighting skills are invisible and invisible. It is said that only those who have the strength to set foot on the eight-star fighting immortals or stronger can be qualified to practice, let alone search. Therefore, the classification of immortal fighting skills was born.

"This guy... such a huge handwriting." Xiao Yan heard the words and couldn't help turning his head. After all, the value of quasi-immortal art is too huge, even in the entire Eastern Continent's sword-forging thunder valley, it is unique, even As powerful as Duan Tianhong's five-star fighting immortal perfection, he only cultivated the peak fighting skills of the Holy Rank.

"Quasi Xianshu?" The man who was with Mu Xi cast a glance at Mu Xi, and then said.

Above them on the Western Continent, Xiyun Pavilion and Crazy Dragon Alliance are also top forces, but in terms of fighting skills resources or background, Xiyun Pavilion is even better. After all, Xiyun Pavilion has a genuine quasi-immortal art!

"It's not worth it to do this..." As Mu Xi raised the sky-high price, other figures who were interested in the combination of human and ghost also shook their heads. Among them, there are many hidden powerhouses, enough Taking out something more precious than quasi-immortal art, but the value of this combination of human and ghost is not too big. After all, this is a gambling nature. If you succeed, everyone will be happy. If you fail , to invest so much financial resources, it is not enough to be angry.

"But there are still people bidding?" The man from the Zhubaohui smiled with satisfaction, and then walked around in a circle.

"Since there is no one, then this guy is yours." Suddenly, the man from the Zhubaohui smiled at Mu Xi. As soon as he finished speaking, the two of them walked towards the Medicine Pavilion, obviously to complete some cumbersome procedures. .

"It seems that we are not the only ones eyeing this guy."

"But it's okay, since the enemy's road is narrow, the old hatred and the new hatred will be forgotten together." Xiao Yan slowly hid in the downtown area. With the help of the night, a black robe appeared on his body, and then slowly followed Mu Xi, once he left Medicine Pavilion will immediately take action.

After all, this Mu Xi, when he was in the space tunnel, rashly attacked their fellow.

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!