Chapter Vol 4 1652: The girl chased by the herd!

"What a strange place of holy flame..." Xiao Yan and Irene were back to back at this time, and their eyes spread out invariably.

At this time, inside the Holy Tan of the Undying, the fiery red flame that covered the heart and the sun enveloped the bodies of the two, so that the two people's perception was completely dissipated. The ground, ten meters away, is all white and hungry, and other than that, it is a piece of fiery red fog.

In the depths of the fiery red fog, there seems to be some gray-white power. Those powers are like the real masters of this world, but they seem to be very close, but they are far apart.

"This should be the interior of the Holy Tan of the Undying." After scanning around, I didn't find anything, Irene clenched her silver teeth lightly and said to Xiao Yan, there is only the fiery red flame contained here, making it as strong as a four-star Dou Xian perfection level Erin Er was uneasy.

"This place is indeed the place where the undead fire remains. I can smell a trace of its power, but we are probably very far away from its companion location now." Xiao Yan also shook his head, even with Xiao Yan's current soul power, He couldn't detect anything, even Xiao Yan realized that his perception seemed to be completely suppressed by this fiery red flame and mist.

"By the way, what is the Holy Tan of the Undying?" Seeing Irene's beautiful eyes scanning around, Xiao Yan simply gave up activating his soul power and couldn't help but ask.

"The Holy Tan of the Undying is the place where the Undying Fire lives."

"It is said that the top 20 holy flames will have their own territorial space after birth. The Holy Tan of Immortality is more like a space carried by the undead fire, similar to a space ring. Here, it is the real master." Seeing this, Irene was a little puzzled. She obviously did not expect that Xiao Yan didn't know.

"Hehe, Eriner, do you know something?" The two of them stood silently at first. After blinking, Xiao Yan scratched his head and said. Before Eriner let himself in, he followed her, and Xiao Yan immediately followed her. Trying to ask, this guy is a disciple of the headmaster anyway, I am afraid he knows some things that are difficult for ordinary people to know.

"The Holy Tan of the Undying is extremely dangerous, but there are countless treasures of heaven and earth, ranging from martial arts and fighting skills to magical elixir, which are endlessly emerging..."

"And because Zhangjiao Ai was fortunate enough to enter the Holy Talisman of the Undying before, so I know something." Irene heard the words, her face was slightly proud, her chest was raised, and she proudly said to Xiao Yan.

"Headmaster Ai actually entered the Holy Tan of the Undying?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and a touch of shock emerged.

"Remember that the teacher said that in the Holy Tan of the Undying, besides Undying Fire, there seems to be a very terrifying guy. He told me to be more careful, but even he doesn't know what it is." Irene looked Seeing Xiao Yan's surprised expression, he immediately pouted. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"In the Holy Tan of the Undying, these fogs are called the Undying Fog. This kind of fog cannot be removed, at least with the current power, it cannot be removed."

"So we can only go towards the interior of the Holy Tan of Undying under the shroud of this fog." Irene said with a vigilant voice.

"This is not a holy tan, what kind of shape... or what kind of danger does it have?" Xiao Yan also asked curiously after hearing Irene's serious tone.

"I don't know, but according to what the teacher told me, the Holy Tan of Undying seems to be a circular space. If you don't find a suitable route here, I'm afraid you will be trapped here forever. Devour control and become a foggy corpse." Erin Er Zaidu said.

"Let me try." As soon as Irene finished speaking, Xiao Yan's body burst out with the aura of holy flame, and immediately wrapped the two around them. At that time, that strange fiery red flame was actually in Xiao Yan's way. Down, disappeared instantly, and the sight of the two became wider.

"Is it still only a few hundred meters..." After a while, Xiao Yan slowly put away the power of the holy flame to prevent his breath from being exposed, and muttered.

Originally, when the two entered here, their line of sight was only a few meters. Now, with the power of Xiao Yan Shengyan, they have expanded their field of vision to several hundred meters, which is a rather tyrannical method.

"Here...it seems to be a rather barren mountain forest?" When her vision suddenly opened up, Irene's beautiful eyes turned slightly, and she had a panoramic view of the scenery around her.

The place where the two were at this time was actually a dead wood forest, barren gray soil and stones, rotten dead wood, and the deadly silence, which filled the place with a strong atmosphere of danger, anxiety, and the emergence of hearts. .

"Let's go to some precious places in the Holy Tan of the Undying now, let's go." As she spoke, Irene moved slightly and ran directly towards a certain place in the gloomy forest. Obviously, for some precious places, there is no Regarding Xiao Yan's remarks, but Xiao Yan did not ask any questions, but prepared to follow. Now let's wait slowly. After all, such treasures as Undying Fire will not be captured by other powerhouses so easily rustle! "Just when the two started to move, a harsh sound spread from not far away and poured directly into the ears of the two.

"What is this sound?" Irene stopped and looked at the foggy area 100 meters away.

"Weng buzzing!" At the same time, an extremely hot breath erupted from the undead leaves and undead sparrows within Xiao Yan's body. The source of this breath was a strange sound from a foggy area in the depths of 100 meters away. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Damn it!" Immediately after, in the mist that was 100 meters away, a light-hearted little girl ran fast and disappeared into Xiao Yan's line of sight.

I saw that the girl was about ten years old, with fluffy black hair. In the middle of the black hair, a middle seam divided the black hair in half along the head, but there seemed to be something vaguely hidden by the black hair between the eyebrows. In general, the clothes on the body are also tattered. At this time, the woman's face panicked and she ran hard, as if she was escaping from some creature.

"This is……"

"Earth Demon Bull?"

"Xuanshan Giant Tiger?"

"And that Tianshan wolf that is comparable to the powerhouses in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Xian?" In the blink of an eye, behind the little girl, one after another surging spirit beasts roared at the little girl with a surging aura, and those Among the soul beasts, in addition to the leading powerhouses, there are actually hundreds of powerful soul beasts behind them. Their eyes are fiery, staring at the little girl as if they were looking at the most delicious food!

"Eileen, do it!"

"Save her!" Xiao Yan pondered for a short while, adding the changes from the undead leaves in his body and so on, and said to Irene.

Before now, Irene was standing still, her mouth opened slightly, and she said, "This little girl seems to be familiar?"