Chapter 28: Cultivation 7 times to break the sky ruler!

"How do you feel?" The Golden Dragon King looked at Xiao Yan's exit from the strange state and asked, because he just knew that Xiao Yan had entered a different dimension and didn't bother him, that was what he had to go through to inherit fighting skills.

"Seven-foot You Immortal! Master's Ruler's Ruler is really strong!" Xiao Yan's eyes were a little blurry as he exited from the strange state. It was obvious that the cultivation method of the seventh-layer Heaven-shattering Ruler had already been imprinted in his mind.

"And it suits you very well!" said the Golden Dragon King with a smile.

"Your Different Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler is the hardest ruler between heaven and earth. It has been tempered by the Different Fire for thousands of years, it has long been as hard as iron, and it also contains the special flame power of the Different Fire. When the Sky Ruler is displayed, it will only increase your growth stronger!" The Golden Dragon King said to Xiao Yan with a smile.

"What the master said is very true!"

"Since that's the case, it's not too late, let's start practicing the first level!" Xiao Yan was also amazed at the power of this method.

"The seventh level of breaking the sky, the first level, the three-step swimming ruler! One step is close, two steps are back, three steps are attacking, you can advance or retreat!" Xiao Yan's mind echoed the method of cultivation.

The ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire of Xiao Yan slowly appeared in Xiao Yan's hand. It seemed that after the tempering just now, the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire of Eternal Fire was extremely heavy! Although this weight is not worth mentioning to Xiao Yan, it has indeed become heavier, and after careful feeling, the ancient ruler of different fire seems to have become able to suppress himself under the special tempering of the seven-foot wandering immortal senior just now. The grudge!

Xiao Yan is now in the late stage of the Three-Star Dou Emperor, and the breath of this ancient ruler of different fires on his back has been compressed into a one-star Dou Emperor! However, Xiao Yan didn't take it seriously, suppressing his own strength was nothing more than a good thing, and it was better to have some means when going out.

This can't help but remind Xiao Yan of the Xuan Chongzhi in Dou Qi Continent, and its effect seems to be exactly the same.

After pondering for a while, without hesitation, Xiao Yan held the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in both hands, ready to start practicing.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler, pay attention to fast, ruthless and accurate, make quick shots, quickly approach the target, attack with ruthlessness, one blow is fatal, shot with accuracy, and hit the key point!" The Golden Dragon King slowly enlightened.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan sat down with his legs crossed, and carefully felt the cultivation experience of the first chi of the seventh layer of breaking the sky.

According to the experience of the seven-footed Youxian senior, the first chi is about the echo of the human ruler, that is, to make the ruler resonate with oneself, in order to exert the greatest power of the first chi.

"How can I make it resonate with me?" Xiao Yan stroked the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire and felt a hint of warmth from it.

"Different Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler Different Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler..." Xiao Yan muttered to himself. He suddenly closed his eyes and sighed, mobilizing the fire attribute vindictive energy of his whole body and pouring out towards the strange fire eternal ancient ruler in his hand!

The Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler that was still in Xiao Yan's hand suddenly made a buzzing sound after passing through the huge collection of fire attribute fighting qi, as if it was greeting Xiao Yan happily!

"Success!" At first, Xiao Yan wondered how to resonate with the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, but then he thought about it, since the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng is a product of Yihuo, the affinity for Yihuo is quite similar. Gao, only then did Xiao Yan's later scene happen. Unexpectedly, Xiao Yan smiled with satisfaction.

Feeling the buzzing sound emanating from the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng in his hand, Xiao Yan also got up immediately, and held the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng tightly with both hands. Lots and lots of colorful flames around.

The entire stone chamber was surprisingly quiet, as if even the energy between heaven and earth had stopped at this moment.

In the stone room, Xiao Yan stood quietly, as if a statue was motionless, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand constantly exuded an astonishing aura.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"The first foot! The three-step swimming ruler!"

I saw that the original Xiao Yan was like a teleportation. The first step was moving towards the front, the ruler changed horizontally, the second step was moving horizontally, the ruler was moving vertically, and the third step was moving horizontally. With the overwhelming aura, the void in the stone room was criticized for a slight crack!

With Xiao Yan's three feet falling into the void in front of him, the entire stone room seemed to have completely solidified at this moment, and a sense of silence came from the Nine Serenities. The ruler fell from Xiao Yan's hand, as if Like a hurricane swept out!

Three steps! Every move and where the ruler passed, brought a huge aura of destruction, and the space was criticized for shattering. Moreover, this was caused by Xiao Yan's deliberately suppressing his strength. If Xiao Yan did not suppress his strength, I am afraid that this stone room would not be able to. withstand such a powerful force of destruction.

This immortal-level fighting skill is so terrifying!

Feeling the resonance between the ruler and himself, Xiao Yan also nodded with satisfaction. The fighting skills of the seven-layered sky-breaking ruler are really what he needs now. It is not only powerful but also easy to handle. In general, they can suppress their own strength. Although the ancient ulnar bone of Yihuo Heng can suppress his own strength, when the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng falls off, that is when Xiao Yan is really strong.

"Yeah! It's not bad, it was the first time that such a powerful offensive could be released!" The Golden Dragon King also said to Xiao Yan with satisfaction.

Time passed day by day, and five days passed in a blink of an eye Xiao Yan also practiced diligently on the first chi of the seventh-level breaking sky during these five days.

"According to your current method, you can't give in too much against the four-star Dou Di, and it may even be fatal with one blow."

"Not bad, not bad!" The Golden Dragon King has also carefully watched Xiao Yan's practice on the first foot of the seventh-layered sky-shattering ruler in the past few days. It was because he had practiced similar fighting skills before, but he was able to achieve a little in just five days, which really made the Golden Dragon King look at Xiao Yan in a different light.

"I should be able to try that when this kid reaches the Seven Star Dou Emperor." The Golden Dragon King looked at Xiao Yan and couldn't help but feel a little confident.

"I'm practicing for the last time!" Xiao Yan had an idea in his heart, and he was also starting to move.

In the quiet stone room, the spiritual energy of heaven and earth seemed to be stagnant. In Xiao Yan's shouting, the stable space in the stone room was also shattered by the ancient ruler of the different fire. Then Xiao Yan nodded in satisfaction, and put the strange fire. The Henggu Ruler changed his appearance slightly, put his back behind him, and repaired the broken spaces.

This is always someone else's training room. Others can't repay someone else's tattered stone room by cultivating by themselves.

"This kid." The Golden Dragon King couldn't help laughing when he saw Xiao Yan's cautious appearance, but he couldn't hide his pride from the bottom of his heart, as if he was sighing that Xiao Yan's temperament was good.

"Okay, since the repair is complete, we're almost done in retreat." Xiao Yan wiped the sweat on his forehead and said.

"But you forgot one thing before this."

"Remember that man in black?" When the Golden Dragon King was speaking, Xiao Yan found that the Golden Dragon King still had a pitch-black scroll in his hand.

"The one who killed the Mu family?"

​​