Chapter Vol 4 906: Dong Xuan's last resort

"Break it to me!"

"Suppress me!" The roars of the two elders of Heaven and Earth and Dong Xuan kept echoing in the inner space of the ancient tree.

The attack of the two, the golden ancient bell has a powerful aura that suppresses everything, and the huge black-green palm also has a destructive power that smashes everything, so a rather funny scene appeared in Lingmengsheng. and in front of the young and old.

The black-green palm pressed against the golden ancient clock, and the two couldn't stand still.

"This..." Qing Lao felt the tyranny of the two attacks, so he couldn't help but speak.

The attack of the two, whether it is the second old man of heaven and earth or Dong Xuan, is not something he can handle now.

"Are you going to make a move..." After a while, Qing Lao still gritted his teeth and said.

"Being not."

"Although the strength of the two elders of heaven and earth is not as strong as that of Dong Xuan, their own strength is very close to the peak of Dou Di, so the combined power of the two fighting skills has increased geometrically, and it should not be difficult to deal with Dong Xuan." Ling Meng Sheng shook his head.

"Furthermore, if we go in rashly in this terrifying fluctuation, I'm afraid we will be implicated." After a while, Ling Mengsheng opened his mouth. Obviously, the attack intensity of these two is too terrifying. If the two go in rashly, even if They are as powerful as the nine-star fighting emperor level, and I am afraid that they will be seriously injured by the two forces!

"Good guy!"

"As expected of a combination of fighting skills!"

"This power is probably enough to be called the first person under Dou Xian."

"but……"

"Have you forgotten that I am the real Fighting Immortal?" On Dong Xuan's forehead, a trace of sweat continued to surface, obviously because of the two elders of heaven and earth. Facing such a difficult enemy, Dong Xuan decided to use the real bottom of the box. means.

"Finally willing to use the power of pressing the bottom of the box..." The two elders of heaven and earth are not very happy at this time. After all, they have to maintain the golden ancient bell, and the power of life and death is continuously conveyed, but the other party is a genuine Fighting Immortal strong. , this is also a big load for the two of them!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Broken!" At the next moment, a more splendid wood-attribute aura emerged from Dong Xuan's body. With the appearance of the same black-green light, the leaves inside the ancient tree suddenly burst into bursts of joy. Joy, and then the two attacks, which were already exhausted, instantly turned into bursts of stars and fell down under their roars.

"Do it!" Seeing this, Tiandi said to Lingmengsheng and Qinglao who were beside him, and then the figures rioted, and in the hands of the four, the terrifying ultimate move was directly cast away.

"It's too late." Dong Xuan seemed to have anticipated the attack of the four, and then smiled slightly.

However, as Dong Xuan's voice just fell, in this forest, countless faint breaths slowly awakened.

Although these breaths were weak, they were more numerous at the time.

"This..." Mu Xuzi and Xuan Mu, who were standing outside the ancient tree, immediately noticed the signs of the flowers and trees around them waking up. Although I don't know why these flowers and trees have their human breath, but Rao It is the sum of the flowers and trees of the entire forest, and it is also a strong force.

"It seems that this guy named Dong Xuan is quite confident in his own strength." Fen Tian laughed slowly.

"Pavilion Master, this..." Seeing this, Zhu Jin couldn't help but say.

The meaning was very obvious, Zhu Jin was afraid that the four of them could not deal with Ling Mengsheng, and immediately prepared to take action.

"This forest has been awakened by Dong Xuan at this time, and I am afraid it has become his domain."

"I have to say, this guy is really powerful."

"Although it hasn't reached the level of cultivation, but with the special nature of this forest, it is possible to use such means." Fen Tian said with praise.

As soon as Fen Tian's voice fell, Zhu Jin also calmed down.

"Shabu Shabu!" The four of them attacked Dong Xuan in unison, and then the space inside the ancient tree, the stairs originally composed of leaves, dissipated in an instant, and then countless leaves suddenly gathered around Dong Xuan.

"This guy." Tian Lao couldn't help but say something.

"The Fighting Immortals are powerful, but the four of us are not vegetarians." Di Lao seemed to be slightly different, and then glared at Dong Xuan.

"Ha ha."

"Fourth, let me greet you from the wood world."

"The Wind Blade of Wood!" A strange smile appeared at the corner of Dong Xuan's mouth. When he used all his strength, all the flowers and trees outside the ancient tree were awakened, and the space inside the ancient tree was the domain of Dong Xuan. !

In this field, Dong Xuan is equivalent to being invincible!

After a few breaths, the huge wind blade formed by the countless leaves around Dong Xuan suddenly appeared. Above the wind blade, a burst of destruction directly emerged, and even the space inside the ancient tree was facing the danger of collapse. The four attacked and left.

"This guy's power of fighting immortals is of the wood attribute. He can control all the plants in this forest for his own use. Even the power of the trees in the forest is continuously injected into it. This is troublesome."

"And the inside of this ancient tree is equivalent to his domain."

"A powerhouse at the level of Fighting Immortals, who is in his own domain, is equivalent to being invincible." The old man felt this sudden scene and couldn't help but say.

"Miscalculation..." When Ling Mengsheng saw this, the huge wind blade composed of leaves directly surrounded the four of them. The wind blade contained an extremely tyrannical power, and a little contamination might result in a serious injury!

"Since that's the case, let's fight in the end!"

"Heaven and Earth are old, young and old."

"The four of us are all fire attributes, and fire overcomes wood."

"If we gather the strength of the four of us, I'm afraid there will be a chance." Ling Mengsheng said in a calm manner when faced with a desperate situation.

"Hehe, let's go crazy with you." The two elders of Tiandi smiled slightly when they heard this. Obviously, at this stage, Dong Xuan used the real power of fighting immortals. Among the four of them, no one could defeat Dong Xuan. Now the only plan is to gather the power of four people!

"What should we do..." The old man also knew the seriousness of the matter, and immediately went straight.

"It's very simple."

"Give me your strength." Ling Mengsheng's pupils flashed a madness, and then his eyes were fixed on Dong Xuan, who was like a king.

"Okay!" Tiandi Er Lao and Qing Lao heard the words and spoke directly.

Immediately without hesitation, the energy of life and death in his body left his body directly, and gathered towards Reimu Sheng's body.

At the same time, the power of black and white life and death in Lingmengsheng’s body actually began to fuse vaguely. After a while, black and white life and death were perfectly blended, a horror that was exactly the same as the power of fighting immortals on Dong Xuan’s huge wind blade. Power is also born slowly.

"Forcibly using the power of outsiders to soar to a semi-immortal level, after all, it's a sideshow..."

"Go to **** with regret." After Dong Xuan finished speaking, he squeezed his palm slowly, and the huge wind blade immediately drowned the four of Lingmengsheng, and the breath of the four was also submerged by the huge wind blade of destruction. disappeared without a trace.