Chapter Vol 4 980: Holy Flame of Blood

After Xiao Yan and his party returned to their residence, Xiao Yan gave Mu Yingying some healing medicine, and after taking a look at the recovery of the injuries of the seven people in the Heavenly Palace, they returned to their residence with confidence.

"Huhu, it's finally safe from danger." Xiao Yan returned to his residence, used his soul power to surround the residence, and said immediately.

"Hey, boy, now I know that there are people outside the world, right?" And just after Xiao Yan sat down, the Soul Eater in the body said.

"Originally, Tianxing used the blood spell to kill him, but I didn't expect this guy to be protected by Ye Mo."

"And I remember that Ye Mo was only a nine-star fighting emperor when he went to the Medusa family. How could he soar to the level of a half-immortal in a short time?" Xiao Yan asked in confusion.

"This should be related to the blood curse of the alien race."

"If this Xuanling King didn't have some big conspiracy, I'm afraid he wouldn't be so willing to be driven by the evil clan outside the territory."

"People of the Xuanling Royal Family, you have to be careful." The Soul Eater said.

"Forget it, let's take a look at the spoils first." Although it was getting late, Xiao Yan was rendered drowsy by the matter of Tianxing.

"Senior, when you just passed by this stall, you told me secretly that this thing is useful, so what use do you think this thing is for?" Xiao Yan took out the stone from his arms and said immediately.

This stone looks very ordinary. If it is placed in the outside world, it will definitely be no different from other things, but now that the Soul Eater Master said that this thing is useful, then Xiao Yan naturally believes that this thing is useful.

"I'm afraid this thing is placed in the ghost world, and not many people know about it."

"However, the master of your Human Palace, White Fang, is a strong man. This thing is placed in the ghost world, and it is something that ghosts can't put it down. If you can take it away from ghosts, you can see how profound his strength is. Unpredictable." The Soul Eater said.

"Senior, don't betray you." Xiao Yan said, after being said by Soul Eater, Xiao Yan was even more looking forward to what this thing was.

"This thing should be related to the place where your sects competed this time, the blood river." The Lord of Soul Eater carefully looked at it for a while and said.

"..." Xiao Yan's head was full of black lines.

"Although this thing is something of a ghost, I don't know what it is used for."

"But one thing is certain, this thing is related to holy flame." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"How to open it?" Xiao Yan rolled his eyes at the Soul Eater Lord, asking for help is better than asking for himself, but when he heard the word Shengyan, his heart couldn't help beating violently.

"This thing must be opened with ghost energy," said Soul Eater.

"Ghost energy?" Xiao Yan said in surprise when he heard this.

"Okay, I'll come." After the Master of Soul Eater finished speaking, he directly activated the Soul Eater Talisman, and a trace of ghostly aura was rendered towards the mysterious stone.

"Woohoo!" And with the influx of ghost energy, the mysterious stone suddenly let out a series of extremely eerie mourning.

"This is..." And with the continuous influx of ghost energy into the mysterious stone, the stone suddenly exuded a very strange aura, and then a trace of black gas kept floating from the stone.

"Ghost qi?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he saw that the ghost qi emanating from the mysterious stone was very different from the Soul Eater Talisman.

"Don't move, this is a pattern, don't destroy it, let it form slowly." Just when Xiao Yan was at a loss, the Soul Eater suddenly shouted, and his voice was full of excitement.

"What's wrong with this Soul Eater?" Xiao Yan heard the words, naturally he was some distance away from the ghost qi of the mysterious stone, and then looked at the ghost qi that was constantly entangled as if it was forming something.

"Hahaha!"

"I never imagined that my Soul Eater Lord would spend his whole life to see it here." After a while, after all the black qi in the mysterious stones that was waiting for him had emerged, the Soul Eater Lord's excitement came from the Soul Eater Talisman. The voice, and Xiao Yan followed the voice of the Soul Eater, and it was a picture in front of him!

And the picture was all condensed from black gas, and it looked rather blurry. The only thing that could be seen was that in the center of the picture, a cyan flame like a ghost was slowly burning.

"Holy... holy flame?" Xiao Yan raised his head in disbelief, and said bitterly at the corner of his mouth, how could this holy flame, which was extremely difficult to find in the past, be so numerous in Xuantian Santian?

Not to mention anything else, Xiao Yan, Mu Yingying and Yan Chi alone have three holy flames. If you add the holy flame in front of you, Xuanling Continent alone has four holy flames. , If this shocking news spreads out, I am afraid that Xuanling Continent will be bloodbathed by other powerful strengths the next day.

"I don't know which holy flame this is..." The Fire Heart Tianyan in Xiao Yan's body exuded an extremely fearful aura. It was certain that the holy flame in front of him was definitely ranked higher than Xiao Yan's current holy flame.

"The medicinal pills and materials I prepared to devour the holy flame can only allow me to touch those ranked twenty-fourth or later. If this holy flame is ranked twenty-fourth, I'm afraid I can only give up..." Xiao Yan said slowly.

Regarding the previous devouring of Huoxin Tianyan, although Xiao Yan's medicinal pills and materials have not been prepared, there is still some of Xiao Mu's power in the body of Huoxin Tianyan, so Xiao Yan swallowed Huoxin Tianyan with ease. However, the Seven Flame Flowers, Xu Shengdan and Blood Spirit Ice Liquid prepared to devour the Holy Flame have not been used yet.

The Qiyanhua was not found, so it was replaced by the Sanyanhua, and the blood spirit ice liquid had already been prepared in the Yin Corpse Forest. As for the final Xu Shengdan, the medicinal liquid was ready It was just because of the Soul power refining pharmacist level is not enough, so there is no refining, now encountering a holy flame, Xiao Yan has confidence to conquer.

"This holy flame is the holy flame in our ghost world."

"It's called Ghost Face Soul Flame!"

"Calculating the list of holy flames, it should be the twenty-fourth holy flame." Just as Xiao Yan was thinking, the voice of the soul-devouring master suddenly came from the soul-devouring talisman. The voice was full of memorabilia, as if What do you know about this ghost face ghost?

"Ghost Face Soul Flame?" Xiao Yan was secretly surprised when he heard the words. Although the name of this holy flame was a little strange, it was just within the limit that he could handle.

"Boy, don't be too happy too soon."

"This holy flame is not in your human world, but in our ghost world."

"So you just saw that this holy flame is contaminated with a lot of ghost energy, that's true." The Lord of Soul Eater suddenly smiled maliciously.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

When Xiao Yan heard this, his brows furrowed, obviously he did not expect this ghost-faced soul flame to have such a history.

"Senior, I don't know the origin of this ghost face ghost flame?"

"Why did you fall into the ghost world?" Xiao Yan said slightly, as if he wanted to find out some news from the Soul Eater.

And the Soul Eater, who was hiding in the Soul Eater Talisman, heard the words, his eyes dimmed slightly, obviously because Xiao Yan mentioned something sad.

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . . Mobile version reading website: m.