Chapter Vol 4 1826: King status!

The sky bridge is the only passage linking the king city. It stands at the top of the mountain. It is completely paved with the golden stones that are abundant in the Tianxing Continent, like a solitary bridge suspended across the abyss.

Jinshi, a special prismatic crystal, can greatly isolate the penetration of some forces. In addition, it is expensive to manufacture, so it is vigorously produced by Tianxing Continent.

"This aura... is not quite right." Along the way, Xiao Yan and the other nine were carried by Lin Mo with a lion eagle and headed towards the top of the mountain range. Although they looked down on half of the mountain range along the way, there was a palpitating fluctuation. It appeared in Xiao Yan's heart.

Under the gaze of Xiao Yan's enormous soul power, the soil in this half of the mountain range seems to be filled with a strange blood color, and this blood color is difficult for ordinary people to detect, even with the soul power of Xiao Yan's level, they can only detect it. to a little.

"Here, everyone, please." After a while, Lin Mo took the nine people to the top of the mountain.

At the top of the mountain range, there is a beautiful pavilion about tens of meters, not far from the pavilion is the overpass.

"It's hard work for the head of the forest." The three princes and princesses pressed down together and whispered to him.

Lin Mo has a special status, and in this special period, it would be great if he could win a little favor.

"I will start the overpass for you, and the rest of the way, you can go by yourself." Lin Mo said softly, and suddenly his hands flashed with a majestic green light, and the endless breath of life burst out suddenly. Shaking uncontrollably, moon-white ice flowers appeared on the overpass.

"It's alright." After Lin Mo finished all this, he also stood quietly and didn't speak.

The emperor's order was to search the three of them carefully, but Lin Mo knew that the three of them were not what they used to be now, and doing this kind of thing himself was superfluous.

"Let's go." Seeing this, Lin Yunshu nodded slightly to Lin Mo, and immediately took the black robes, Xiao Yan and Ji Xuan, and stepped into it first.

"Sir?" The two around Lin Feng saw this, but their expressions tightened.

"No hurry." Lin Feng's brows flickered, and after he glanced at Lin Fengya and didn't move, he said.

"Weng buzzing!" Just as he stepped on the edge of the overpass, a huge pressure, like tens of thousands of catties, suddenly hit. In addition to the shock of the abyss below, Xiao Yan also felt the huge pressure.

"Sisi!" For a while, when Xiao Yan resisted the pressure and continued to step forward, Yu Guang looked at the abyss below the overpass, and a hidden brand pattern on the palm of his hand burned violently.

"what happened?"

"Is this the mark of the Dark Hades?"

"Is this a passage to the underworld?"

"But it made me feel a tinge of disgust from the bottom of my heart. It doesn't seem to be the underworld, but an evil race from outside the realm..." Xiao Yan thought carefully, but he couldn't think of what was going on for a while.

"Be careful!" Just when Xiao Yan was thinking, Ji Xuan suddenly shouted, raised his palm and pulled it towards Xiao Yan!

"Whoa!" At the same time, a moon-white ice flower in front of Xiao Yan, after Xiao Yan approached, bloomed like a splendid firework. The power seemed weak, but the fierce aura contained in it was amazing. Suffocating, and don't forget to be suspended above the abyss at this time, if one accidentally falls and falls, I am afraid...

"Huhu, thank you very much." Xiao Yan also cupped his hands towards Ji Xuan after the shock.

"What's wrong with your lord?" Ji Xuan also looked at Xiao Yan suspiciously, and followed his gaze to the endless abyss below.

"It's okay, let's go." After that, the three of them continued to walk.

"Hey!" Ever since she stepped on the overpass, Princess Lin Yunshu's body flashed with the power of stars at any time, protecting the three of them firmly.

The power of the stars is as bright as a galaxy, and as unfathomable as a black hole in the abyss.

"Is this the power of the stars..." Looking at Princess Lin Yunshu, who was covered with stars, the guards who were always beside Lin Feng spoke softly and muttered.

The powerhouses of the Holy See light system already have a unique understanding of the many forces in the Great Thousand World, but such as the demon system that has never been born, the power of the short-lived stars, etc., are still full of fear and unknown.

"Crack!" When Xiao Yan and the three walked halfway to the overpass, they suddenly shook violently. The three figures trembled rapidly, and they would be dragged into the abyss by the overpass at any time.

"The road to the stars..." At this moment, Lin Yunshu showed her powerful dominance, the power of the stars in her body swept out like a sea of ​​stars, and instantly paved a road of stars in front of the three of them.

On the road of stars, the stars are dotted and incomparably deep.

"Let's go, go to Wangcheng first." Said casually, and the three of them took the lead to cross the overpass and head towards Wangcheng.

"En." Xiao Yan and Ji Xuan looked at each other, and left here immediately, but the powerhouses of the Holy See beside Lin Feng made Xiao Yan a little bit afraid, and the powerhouses of the Soul Palace beside Lin Fengya, This trip is probably too dangerous.

With the departure of the nine people, Lin Mo's expression was also full of determination, as if he was going to do other things, but looking at his appearance, I am afraid it is not trivial.

On the other side, in the palace, which is quite far away from the royal city, is the residence of the emperor.

In the bedroom, there are countless splendid palaces, but they are all full of one characteristic, silence.

The core of the bedroom, Tianyuan Palace.

Tianyuan Palace is the largest scale, magnificent, and extremely rigorous building among the palaces. It seems to ordinary people that it is enough to cause a strong oppression of the soul. It is the palace of the king and the residence of the strong.

On the periphery of Tianyuan Palace, there are lifelike spirits, unicorns, dragons and beasts, all kinds of strange birds and beasts are engraved on it.

Inside the palace.

"Cough, cough...how's the situation?" At this time, on a jade bed that was curved like a dragon in the palace, a middle-aged man with a pale face and empty eyes coughed violently, facing the person in front of him. Void said softly.

Even such a slight voice contained an incomparably resisting oppression, just like a real emperor's attitude, but it was mixed with a sense of weakness.

emperor!

The voice just fell The void trembled, and a black figure also appeared here.

Yuan Shou, Feng Mo in the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals.

"Wang, the three electors have come to the royal city one after another, and many high-ranking royal families have gathered in the royal city. The final step will be taken in three days." Feng Mo said with a gloomy look.

"Come here, take my battle armor and undress!" At that time, a mighty and domineering roar filled the air.

With the fall of this voice, the bustling voices from outside the palace squirmed, and several maidservants with excellent appearance quickly emerged, carefully looking at the terminally ill emperor in front of him.

"King, the two princes are aggressive, with your breath... You can't go." Feng Mo couldn't help muttering when he heard the words.

"Feng Mo, you have been with me for so many years, you should know that it is related to the pattern of Tianxing Continent, and this kind of thing must go."

"And if I don't go, I'm afraid this meeting of the king's city will be completely turned upside down." The emperor reluctantly stood up and said weakly.

"But..." Feng Mo was still a little worried.

"I've made up my mind, let's fulfill this last wish while I still have the last time." After that, the tense busyness started here.

At this time, countless high-level executives gathered towards the king city, and the real highlight, in three days, will be fully opened.