Chapter Vol 4 1054: Long Yi wakes up!

"It's a very strong attack." Qin Tian laughed as he watched this terrifying attack swept towards him.

"The ball of life and death..."

"Break it for me!" And Qin Tian looked at this terrifying attack, and stomped directly in front of him, and then a black and white energy ball that blended the power of life and death burst out directly from his body, and then no longer hesitated, yes It whizzed away with the three-color light spot.

"Crash!" Following Qin Tian and Xiao Yan's terrifying attack, the entire sky of the teleportation formation was filled with extremely violent fluctuations, as if it could not bear such a strong energy.

"Pfft!" After a while, the three-color light spot and the black and white energy ball finally reached the stalemate, and then turned into a sky full of powder and drifted away.

"Sure enough, the strength gap is too obvious." Xiao Yan watched the life-and-death beam that he finally merged successfully was easily cracked by Qin Tian, ​​and a helpless smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

"Xiao Yan, I have to say, you are very talented."

"This attack is very strong. If your strength is equal to mine, I'm afraid I will completely fall on the move just now..."

"But unfortunately, the strength gap between us is too huge, and you don't have that chance!"

"Follow me back to the Xuanling royal family. As for your crime of killing the prince of the Xuanling royal family, it will be executed after the decision of the worship hall." Qin Tian said with a smile.

"Hahaha."

"Old Qin Tian, ​​if you want to arrest my eldest brother, you must pass me first." Before Xiao Yan could make a sound, the figure of Xiao Yi next to him burst out and attacked Qin Tian directly.

Xiao Yi knew that with the strength of the ten members of the Dragon Addiction Legion, I am afraid it would not be so easy to escape today.

"A fire elf with fire element..."

"Although it's not as good as Shengyan, it's a good thing to take you back." After Qin Tian finished speaking, a strange power suddenly appeared in the space around him.

"Emperor Flame Sword!" In the next moment, as many as twenty-three different colors of fire swept out of Xiao Yi's body, and on the palm of his hand, there was a gorgeous giant sword with twenty-three special runes. appear slowly.

With the appearance of this gorgeous giant sword, a heavy force of flame appeared in the entire sky, suppressing everyone's hearts.

"Although your current strength has almost reached the peak of Dou Di..."

"But the difference between the peak of Dou Di and the real Dou Xian is not a little bit!" Qin Tian shouted loudly, and the dazzling black and **** appeared on his body.

"Call."

"Get ready to go all out." Xiao Yi spit out a scorching flame from her mouth, and then squeezed the Emperor Flame Sword tightly with her palm, staring at Qin Tian vigilantly.

"What is the Emperor Flame Sword..." Xiao opened his mouth slightly when he saw this. With Xiao Yan's perception, it was not difficult to find the terrifying aura on the Emperor Flame Sword.

Xiao Yan naturally didn't know that Emperor Yan, which was formed by the fusion of twenty-three kinds of different fires, could call out such a tyrannical weapon as the Emperor Yan Sword.

"Looks like he is desperate." Xiao Yan looked at Xiao Yi with such a solemn expression on his face, and knew the seriousness of the matter. The two Saint Flame Crystals in his hands were tightly held by him.

On one side is the Holy Flame Crystal of Huoxin Tianyan, and on the other is the Holy Flame Crystal of Ghost Face Soul Flame. Although Xiao Yan has not devoured Ghost Face Soul Flame yet, to a certain extent, Xiao Yan can use its power more or less.

"Boy, I won't waste my words with you."

"Go and arrest Xiao Yan, give this guy to me."

"Take it!" Seemingly sensing the unkind eyes of others around him, Qin Tian didn't intend to give Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi a chance to breathe, so his figure exploded and attacked Xiao Yi.

"Noisy guy!" At this moment, Xiao Yi held the Emperor Flame Sword in her hand, and the gorgeous flames all over her body intertwined it into a real flame king!

"Di Yan... Slash!" Seeing Qin Tian roaring towards her, Xiao Yi didn't hesitate at all, she directly raised the mysterious Emperor Yan sword and slashed towards Qin Tian.

Immediately, a huge, sky-shattering flame sword light attacked Qin Tian directly. Above the sword light, dozens of mysterious runes faintly exuded extraordinary fluctuations.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Shabu!" Seeing this, Qin Tian frowned. Obviously, even with his current strength of fighting immortals, he found the terrifying fluctuations above the sword glow, and immediately activated the power of life and death in his body, and directly resisted it. .

"Big Brother!" While Xiao Yi's attack was temporarily stopped by Qin Tian, ​​the other nine members of the Dragon-loving Legion swept past Xiao Yi and attacked the extremely weak Xiao Yan.

"These bastards!" Seeing this, Xiao Yi couldn't help but scolded. Xiao Yan had just cast the life and death beam, and almost half of the power in his body had been consumed. In this way, facing a half-immortal and eight nine-star fighting emperors from the Dragon-loving Legion The strong man, I am afraid it is the real dead end.

"Old Bamboo..."

"If this goes on, Xiao Yan will definitely die!" Mu Xuzi, who had retreated to the side, couldn't help but said when he looked at the nine people who were besieged by Xiao Yan.

"I know……"

"But the strength of the four of us is not the opponent of the Dragon-loving Legion, and if we make a move, I am afraid that it is not only us who are involved..." Zhu Jin also said weakly.

"Help him once at a critical moment, as long as he can get out of here." The next moment, looking at the extremely angry people around him, Zhu Jin opened his mouth.

"You'd better take care of yourself first!"

"Not moving like a mountain!" The next moment, seeing the terrified face on Xiao Yi's body, Qin Tian smiled and said The voice just fell, and an incomparably huge attack directly pierced through Xiao Yi's sword beam. Yi can only temporarily abandon Xiao Yan's side and concentrate on dealing with Qin Tian.

"Xiao Yan...it's over." Ye Mo brought eight members of the Dragon-loving Legion to Xiao Yan's side, surrounded him, and said something slightly.

"Huhu." Xiao Yan's breath was a little hurried, because he didn't know how much power could be produced by rashly merging the two sources of holy flame, and whether he still had a chance to survive, but this was the only way at the moment.

"Shoot!" Seeing that Xiao Yan was about to be captured, White Fang said in a deep voice, and the Dou Qi in his body suddenly soared.

"Wait, there is a situation!" When Bai Yamu Xuzi and the others were about to make a move, a rebellious aura suddenly permeated Xiao Yan's body!

"Hahaha!"

"Is the old dog of the Xuanling royal family going to bully the young like this?" When Ye Mo was about to capture Xiao Yan, a shocking laughter was scattered throughout the space.

"Who is it!" Ye Mo noticed this scene and exclaimed directly, because just relying on this laughter made him feel terrified!

"This is..." At the same time when Xiao Yan heard this voice, the ancient ruler with a different fire behind him shot up into the sky, and then the two holy flame crystals in his hands fell silent.

"Your grandfather Long Yi is also!" Under the gazes of countless surprised eyes, among the dense clouds in the sky, a silver dragon with a length of more than 100 meters, covered with thick silver dragon scales, with a Undaunted by the breath of heaven and earth, he suddenly opened his mouth!