Chapter Vol 4 1553: Flame Furnace Cliff!

"It's been found."

"Di Lao, this guy is really a noble person who forgets things." For a few days, Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui used to hurry and ask passers-by. Fortunately, Xiao Gui's ingenuity immediately relied on the traces on the stone tablet. , was also asked about the specific location.

The Wanhuo Sect, the sect located on the Yan Furnace Cliff in the Central Territory, has an overall strength in the upper and middle reaches of the Central Territory, and the Yan Furnace Cliff occupied is a dangerous place that is easy to defend and difficult to attack. The strongest is a man in the middle stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal. This guy is now the suzerain of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect, and because of the fire attribute, he has a very violent temper.

"Wan Huo Sect, is it in the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals?" Xiao Yan raised his head, looked at the sect standing on the top of the cliff in the distance, and said slowly.

Looking around, Xiao Yan and the two stood at the very edge of the Flame Furnace Cliff, and the Yan Furnace Cliff in front of them was full of ditches, and pieces of bizarre rocks were torn apart in an endless stream. Coupled with the incomparably hot and terrifying aura, the Flame Furnace Cliff was full of ditches. The cliff has become a dangerous area like a melting pot.

Xiao Yan itself is a fire attribute. If he is a powerhouse who cultivates the fire attribute, his fire attribute will also be much less coercive to Xiao Yan. Therefore, if Xiao Yan faces this suzerain of the Four Star Fighting Immortal Middle Stage of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect , I am afraid it is not too much. After all, although Xiao Yan is only the strength of the late Sanxing Dou Xian, but the power of flames on his body, he has the Great Heavenly Seed of Red Flame and the two holy flames, and the power is more than eight times that of ordinary fire attribute powerhouses. !

"Let's go, enter the sect first, it's been a few months since the Spirit Academy dispatched the disciples. It just so happened that we went to the Spirit Mountain to cultivate and delayed the time. I hope the strongmen of this sect will be kinder." Xiao Yan said with a slow smile. He was also ready to move, but he nodded slowly in his heart. If this sect powerhouse is not friendly, I am afraid that he can only use some special means.

"En." When Xiao Gui heard the words, he also followed the mountain trail and slowly walked towards the Qingshan Cliff, and when the two stepped into the Yanlu Cliff, a hidden spy in the distance also slowly extended his head. , and then walked in the opposite direction of Yanluya, and the direction this guy left was exactly where the so-called Tingfeng Pavilion was.

"Wait...it's a little weird here." After a while, Xiao Yan and the two had just entered the Flame Furnace Cliff for a while. Suddenly, Xiao Yan looked at the blue flames emerging from nowhere in front of him, and couldn't help reaching out to stop Xiao Guidao. .

"This cyan flame is very powerful." Seeing this, Xiao Gui frowned and looked around.

The two of them only entered the Yan Furnace Cliff for a few hundred meters, far from reaching the middle part, not to mention the sect on the top of the cliff, but they encountered such a dazzling crisis.

"Brother, what are we going to do now?" After a while, seeing Xiao Yan's pupils slowly flickering, Xiao Gui hurriedly asked, the ghost energy in Xiao Gui's body is a sinister force, and it is quite a masculine flame. Fear, so in a few breaths, Xiao Gui was also sweating profusely.

"It seems that this guy from the Ten Thousand Fire Sect should be a little unfriendly to us." Xiao Yan raised his head, and through the endless blue flames, he slowly looked at the huge mansion on the top of the cliff and said.

"The power of this green flame is stronger than ordinary flames, although it is not as strong as Xiaotian Seed, but if you treat me like this, if I don't accept it, won't I be sorry for you?" With Xiao Yan as the center, he suddenly shot at Yanluya in all directions!

"Boom!" In an instant, Xiao Yan's body burnt into action. Countless blue flames on the cliff seemed to be fatally attracted, and shot towards Xiao Yan's body at a rapid speed. It roared away from Xiao Yan's body.

"This..." Rao Yi Xiao Gui's calmness, seeing this scene, couldn't help but slowly beat his dry face.

"Let's go."

"It seems that this trip to Ten Thousand Flames Sect is probably not that simple."

"But I shouldn't stay here too long."

"Acacia tree, I have to go." After a while, the green flames on the entire cliff were completely absorbed by Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan suddenly raised his head slowly and said solemnly.

"Brother, don't worry, I will help you with the management." Xiao Gui grinned.

"Yep."

"But before I leave, I will help you calm down this sect completely, and while I am here, I should also learn to manage things." Xiao Yan smiled.

"Let's go." As soon as the voice fell, the two of them walked directly towards the cliff.

Among the Flame Furnace Cliffs, the most dangerous is the green flame. Although the green flame is not as dangerous as the small heavenly seed, the pain that penetrates deep into the bone marrow is prohibitive, but for Xiao Yan, absorbing it Such a huge power of flame did not increase his power by any point.

In addition, the terrain of the cliff is dangerous, and the entire Central Territory is also a forbidden area under the management of the Earth Spirit Institute, so it can only be climbed step by step.

"Sect Master, Sect Master!"

"It's not a big deal!" Not long after, a hurried voice came from the mansion on the cliff.

"Huo Zhuo, didn't I ask you to guard the cliff among the cliffs to prevent outsiders from entering?"

"Why are you so flustered?" At this time, above the first place in the hall, the Sect Master of Ten Thousand Fire Sect asked slightly angrily.

"Sect Master, the Qingyan below our cliff was completely absorbed by an unknown boy."

"They are coming towards our mansion at the top of the cliff, and they are aggressive. I hope the sect master will make a decision soon!" After a while, there was also a fear in Huo Zhuo's heart. I can't destroy it, but I can't think of it being absorbed by a guy in the late stage of Samsung Fighting Immortal What? "

"The green flames used to protect our Flame Furnace Cliff were all absorbed?" The Sect Master of Wan Huo Sect suddenly stood up from the seat and lost his voice when he heard the words.

Their Flame Furnace Cliff is located at a high place, and they all rely on the protection of both the cliff and the flame, so they are not attacked by the tyrannical enemy. Now that the green flame protecting the cliff has disappeared, I am afraid it will attract the coveting of other forces. After all, in the Central Territory, The weak eat the strong, even the Earth Spirit Academy sits and does nothing.

"What kind of strength are they?"

"Who are they?" After a while, the Sect Master of Wan Huo Zong also calmed down and asked.

"There are only two men, the guy who absorbed all the blue flames is the late Samsung Dou Xian." Huo Zhuo said.

"Samsung Dou Xian late stage?"

"Is the strength of the person next to him a little more tyrannical than him?" In an instant, the Sect Master of Wanhuo Sect hurriedly said.

"Yes!" Huo Zhuo was immediately dumbfounded, how could this sect master know.

"Humph!"

"Have the disciples sent by the Lingyuan finally come?"

"Calling a few elders, I want to try this kid, how dare he pigeon us for a few months!" The Sect Master of Wan Huo Sect snorted coldly.

"Yes!" Huo Zhuo heard the words and went down to work respectfully.