Chapter Vol 4 1685: The source of undead fire, break and stand!

"This guy..." Little Zhuoma couldn't help muttering while looking at Xiao Yan's quiet suspension in mid-air and the endless majesty emanating from the golden scroll.

"Why does this golden scroll have the breath of a holy king..."

"And this guy can devour several kinds of holy flames into one at the same time. Could it be that he..." After a while, Little Dolma's beautiful eyes slowly turned, wondering.

Holy King, this is one of the strongest people in the Great Thousand World.

Although Xiao Zhuoma is the spirit of holy flames, his existence is quite young, and he just learned from the undead fire that this so-called holy king has no idea what he has experienced, but it seems that he has obtained thirty-six holy flames. The trust and convincing of the first time between heaven and earth, the evil race from outside the territory was eyeing, and the thirty-six holy flames tried to submit to the holy king and were willing to be swallowed by him, thus establishing a real holy race and helping the holy king to step into the real world. of the highest realm.

Fighting God.

It's a pity that he was rejected by the Holy King for some reason, but that's the case. The strength and character of the Holy King are also admired by all Saint Yan. As for the reason, I am afraid it is unknown.

As for the Holy King, he relied on his special power to devour several kinds of holy flames at the same time. Now Xiao Yan has the aura of a holy king on his body, which is why Xiao Zhuoma has such a change.

"I hope I think too much." Seeing Xiao Yan's rising strength, Xiao Zhuoma helplessly shook his head.

What kind of character is the Holy King, how could he have too much involvement with Xiao Yan.

"..." As Xiao Zhuoma became quiet, Xiao Yan's expression slowly returned to calm.

"Bang bang bang!" A few days passed easily, and one day, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly opened, and in the void inside the Holy Temple of the Undying, bursts of flames like fireworks exploded, completely igniting the place. Just like the real molten world.

"Huhu."

"Finally...successful!" Xiao Yan just opened his eyes, and suddenly squeezed his fist involuntarily, feeling the abundant power in his body, he couldn't help laughing.

Just after using Fen Jue to devour the undead fire, Xiao Yan's body and even his pupils glowed with strange fluctuations. It seemed that because of the undead fire, some changes occurred on Xiao Yan's body that he was not aware of.

"Feel the power!" Xiao Yan said happily after blinking.

"This is……"

"The middle stage of the Five Star Fighting Immortals?" Xiao Yan closed his eyes slightly, and the power in his body went along the meridians in his body. After a few breaths, he couldn't help but lose his voice.

"Devouring holy flame can actually increase your own strength?" Seeing Xiao Yan's scene, Xiao Zhuoma also felt incredible.

Before swallowing the undead fire, Xiao Yan's strength was only at the mid-level of the four-star fighting immortal, but now in the past few years, when Xiao Yan has completely swallowed the undead fire, his strength has actually reached the level of the mid-level five-star fighting immortal. This kind of jump, But quite eye-catching.

After all, the difference between the middle stage of the four-star Dou Xian and the middle stage of the five-star Dou Xian is not even a little bit, and if it is normal practice, I am afraid that if there is no strange opportunity, it will be difficult for hundreds of years to complete it.

"Congratulations!" Little Dolma said with a smile.

"Thank you, senior for making it happen." Xiao Yan temporarily suppressed the excitement in his body and said with his fists folded.

Now that the strength has reached the middle stage of the Five Star Fighting Immortals, the Acacia Flame Realm in the former half of the realm can also be thoroughly cultivated. In addition to the tyranny of the mysterious fighting spirit of his own internal flame swallowing technique, today's Xiao Yan may be able to compete with the real Six Stars. Immortal early stage powerhouses compete with each other.

"This is your fighting spirit, it has successfully evolved into the heaven, but don't use it for the time being, let it get used to this new power." After a while, a dim light shot towards Xiao Yan, the dim light Naturally, there is the Undying Nether Sparrow Fighting Soul, but now, its figure is more solid, and the countless gray lines on its body are more dazzling, obviously it is not what it used to be.

"Weng Om!" Xiao Yan took back the fighting spirit without hesitation, and immediately the gray flames continued to nourish it. I am afraid that in the near future, this fighting spirit will increase his combat power beyond words.

"Something's wrong... this Fen Jue..." After a while, Xiao Yan's expression became strange.

Obviously now Fen Jue has completely evolved to the peak level of the holy rank, and in the next step, he can step into the real level of immortality.

"Fen Jue has already reached the holy rank before, but now, with the power of immortal fire, it is enough for him to step into the realm of immortality... But I always feel that something is wrong." Xiao Yan shook his head.

Moreover, Xiao Yan secretly felt that this Fen Jue is far from being that simple. The so-called six realms of Fen Jue, even now, is quite lax. Even the one who cultivated before, did not enter the room. Xiao Yan has a kind of Illusion, it seems that only by breaking the level of Fen Jue Cultivation Technique can you be qualified to explore the so-called six realms.

"Since the immortal fire has been successfully transferred, it's time for me to leave." At that time, seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, Xiao Zhuoma smiled.

"Senior...where are you going?" Xiao Yan asked.

"The world is so big that there is always a place for me to hide, and the strange little beast from before will not be low in the future."

"Perhaps soon, those guys will make a comeback."

"This time, without the protection of the Holy King and many strong men, the Great Thousand World is at risk." Speaking of this, Xiao Zhuoma's expression became serious for the first time.

"The stronger the strength, the greater the responsibility on the body. I hope that when the aliens attack in the future, you little guy can contribute to our great world, and I will give you the fire of immortality in vain." Xiao Zhuo Ma shook her head.

"The younger generation should take the lead."

"By the way, senior, what is the source of this undead fire?" After a while, Xiao Yan suddenly remembered something and said excitedly.

The source technique of holy flame is exclusive to holy flame, and each holy flame is different.

"You put your soul power into the holy flame crystal." Xiao Zhuoma said after Xiao Yan asked.

"Xuuuu!" His mind moved The gray holy flame crystals appeared in Xiao Yan's hands, and Xiao Yan's eyes closed slightly, and the dazzling soul power penetrated into it, exploring the origin of the undead fire.

"Immortal and indestructible... break and stand up?" After a quarter of an hour, Xiao Yan spoke slowly.

"I remember that the previous owner of Undying Fire, once because of an enemy whose strength reached the level of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal, he went to challenge the Seven-star Fighting Immortal, and he disappeared after being seriously injured."

"Ten years later, he appeared again, and his strength has skyrocketed to the level of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal. No one knows what happened, but I think this is the origin of the undead fire, and the secret of it, you still need to understand it yourself." Dolma said.

"Break and then stand... Seven Star Fighting Immortal..." Xiao Yan kept echoing.

"It's over, it's time for me to go."

"After you leave, the Holy Tan of the Undying will return to my hands."

"Little guy, big sister is optimistic about you. I hope to see you next time, and you will be able to be worthy of your status as the controller of your four holy flames." As soon as the voice fell, a light-like figure flashed randomly, and Little Dolma disappeared here.

"Congratulations to the junior!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and then respectfully bowed to the place where Little Dolma disappeared.

"..." After a few minutes, the space was completely quiet, because at this time there was only Xiao Yan here. .

However, for this reason, the journey of immortal fire can be regarded as a successful conclusion.

This time, not only did he help the fighting spirit evolve, but he even devoured the undead fire. Xiao Yan was the one who received the most goods, but what awaited Xiao Yan next was an unprecedented battle.