Chapter Vol 4 1124: Corpse Fog

And as Xiao Yan's palm did not carry any power and gently pushed it towards the bronze giant gate, the bronze giant gate seemed to have no resistance and was allowed to be easily pushed open by Xiao Yan.

"Boom boom boom!" At the moment when the bronze giant door slowly opened, a barren aura spread out from the aura, making the three people's hearts tense.

Immediately behind the giant bronze gate, a trace of light emerged.

"Squeak." After the giant bronze door was completely opened, the scene behind the bronze was discovered by everyone.

Behind the giant bronze gate, there is also an incomparably huge space, but this space is different from ordinary spaces. There are many stoves in this space, and stone pillars also appear in it. The stone pillars seem to And light.

And through such a building, one after another magnificent medicine refining cauldron stands in front of him.

"This is... Dan Palace?" Looking at this scene, even Qing'er's beautiful eyes kept spinning.

In the ghost world, pharmacists are rarer than in the human world, so the status of pharmacists in the ghost world is extremely high.

"This should be the Pill Palace where a certain senior refined pills."

"With so many stoves and medicine-refining cauldrons, the level of this medicine-refining master is probably not low." Qing Wen was also shocked at this time, obviously frightened by this magnificent pill palace.

Ordinary pharmacists have outstanding strength just by having a few cauldrons, but there are dozens of cauldrons here, not to mention some stone pillars, which is enough to show that this must be a person of the level of a pharmacy master. !

"I'm afraid these medicine refining cauldrons are just a trick."

"And you see, the light emitted from the stone pillars is obviously unusual." Xiao Yan is a tyrannical alchemist after all. Just by perception, he can perceive that these alchemy cauldrons are sparse and ordinary, but they are not. It's a bit surprising to have such a large number.

"The light in this stone pillar..." When Qing Wen heard the words, he walked towards the stone pillar slightly.

Those stone pillars stand at the very edge of the entire Pill Hall, and the stone pillars are not sealed, one by one air holes emerge, and the center of the stone pillar is the birthplace of the light source.

"This is a seven-treasure glazed lantern." Xiao Yan said softly.

"Seven-treasure glazed lantern?" When Qing'er and Qing Wen heard the words, they both looked at each other, obviously this was the first time they had heard of it.

"The seven-treasure glazed glass lamp is something that ancient alchemists like very much. This kind of lamp will not go out for ten thousand years, and it also has a mysterious effect that can increase the chance of alchemists becoming pills."

"It's unknown if it's true or not." Xiao Yan said.

"It turns out that there is such a secret." When the two of them heard the words, Qing'er nodded.

"what……"

"There are still soldiers here?" And after passing through the seven-treasure glazed lanterns in these stoves, there were figures next to them, as if guarding something, guarding outside each seven-treasure glazed lantern, Qing'er couldn't help but say.

Xiao Yan heard the words, and when he looked, he immediately found that these guys were no different from ordinary human beings, except that they had no life and looked like dead things, but their skin was the same as living people, which was quite strange.

"It is said that some ancient puppet techniques can keep the human body from being damaged forever. These guys are probably the soldiers who guard the Pill Palace." Xiao Yan looked at these puppet guards who closed their eyes and did not make any movement, and explained.

"It's so mysterious here." Qing'er's beautiful eyes kept turning, apparently this place gave her an eerie and eerie feeling.

"Eighteen cauldrons surround the heart, there should be something strange here." Xiao Yan didn't hesitate too much, he turned his head and looked at the as many as eighteen cauldrons neatly arranged in the Pill Hall, and looked at it slightly.

"There won't be any mechanism, right?" Qing'er hurriedly said, after all, this place is quite dangerous, and no one has ever entered.

"I don't know, but be careful." Xiao Yan heard the words, and the dazzling soul power emerged, and he probed the space of the pill hall several times, and slowly shook his head.

According to Xiao Yan's perception, there doesn't seem to be any difference in this alchemy hall, and the so-called treasures of people like Ghost King City are probably the elixirs in the medicine cauldron.

"Looks like I'm thinking too much." Xiao Yan said depressedly, but when he glanced at the group of stone soldiers surrounding the seven-treasure glazed lantern, he suddenly felt uncomfortable.

"Brother, didn't my father say that there is a treasure in the Ghost Moon Well that can break through the Dou Emperor and become Dou Immortal, this..." And Qing'er didn't pay attention for a while, and asked.

"My father didn't come here before, he just discovered it by accident, so it could be that my father sensed it wrong." Qing Wen also said after feeling around and not finding it.

"Let's see if there are still medicinal pills in this medicine refining cauldron." Xiao Yan also made up his mind, since everyone has come, he can't go back empty-handed.

Although Xiao Yan has solved the Dou Qi Sea and can condense the Dou Core to advance to Dou Immortal, he still lacks a boost.

After all, after condensing the fighting core, a lot of power is needed to truly break through the Dou Emperor, and the power of the holy flame that could have broken through the Dou Emperor was absorbed by the beasts of flame. Before, Xiao Yan didn't even dare to think about it.

"En." Qinger and Qingwen nodded slowly when they heard the words.

"I'll come first." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, then a bluish-yellow flame appeared on the palm of his hand, wrapping his palm, and then walked towards the nearest cauldron beside him.

"Pfft." As soon as he came to the tripod, Xiao Yan found that the tripod was covered with thick dust, which was obviously a long time ago.

"I hope you won't let me down." Xiao Yan didn't care about this, he directly displayed his dazzling soul power, and then left in the cauldron.

"Pfft." After a few breaths, a rather exquisite jade bottle suddenly appeared on Xiao Yan's palm, and in the jade bottle, a longan-sized medicinal pill slowly entered the sight of the three of them. among.

"Sure enough, there is still a baby!" And seeing this scene Qinger and Qingwen couldn't help but be overjoyed.

"Although this medicinal pill may seem simple and unpretentious, but what is the specific grade, you still have to open the bottle and take a sniff to find out." Xiao Yan said.

"Brother Xiao Yan, please." Qing Wen smiled.

"Yes." Xiao Yan heard the words, nodded lightly, then dragged the jade bottle with one hand, and went to the mouth of the bottle with the other, trying to open it.

And at this moment, even the three of them didn't notice that the puppet guards surrounding the seven-treasure glazed lantern suddenly became loose.

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan's palm just took off the mouth of the bottle, and the medicinal pill in the jade bottle was like ice meeting fire, and it melted in an instant!

And it's not over just melting!

The medicinal pills in the jade bottle fused instantly after the bottle mouth was opened, and then turned into a colorful smoke, which slowly diffused out. It was just a breath of time, and it filled the entire Dan Palace. The next moment, directly facing the The puppet guards poured into the body.

"Not good!" And Xiao Yan noticed this abnormality when he just opened the bottle, but even if Xiao Yan was quick-witted and wanted to stop it, it was too late!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Squeak!" As the colored smoke filled the entire Pill Hall, the puppet guards who looked like dead objects suddenly opened their pupils slowly under the eyes of everyone. If you want to chat with more like-minded people, please follow "Hot Net Wen or rdww444" on WeChat to chat with more book friends about your favorite books