Chapter Vol 4 1849: 1 person, fight for the deer!

"Lin Fengya's half-demon can't stop the attack of the demon Xiao Yan?" The demon servant quickly fell to the ground. At this time, his skin began to dry and cracked violently. It was obvious that all his vitality had disappeared and he was about to fall.

"Devil's will... A real demon!" The fallen demon servant had a helpless expression on his face, and he seemed to know his end just after the blow.

Even if he is a half-demon, he is infinitely close to the Eight-star Fighting Immortal, but when he fights with a real demon, he will only fall.

"Crack!" With a sound, the demon servant in the half-dead state quickly fell, and the demon Xiao Yan was like a bloodthirsty monster, rushing towards the demon servant, in front of everyone, constantly absorbing the last remaining part of the demon servant. A hint of demonic power.

So at this time, the demon Xiao Yan fixed the body of the demon servant Lin Fengya on the top of the void, wrapped in a dark green mist, constantly absorbing the last vitality of the demon servant, I am afraid it is only a matter of time before it disappears completely.

With Xiao Yan's action, the violent and evil demonic aura on Xiao Yan's body was being suppressed little by little. After absorbing the power of the demon servant's body, his pupils slowly became clear and transparent. From the beginning to the end, a special power pervaded the flame ring to protect Xiao Yan's mind, and his soul would not be corroded by demons. Now, with Xiao Yan's recovery, it is only a matter of time to temporarily suppress the power of demons. .

"This demon..." In the void, Soul Wuji stared gloomily at the demon Xiao Yan, who was above the top of the void, and said angrily.

Originally Xiao Yan was just a small character, but now he has turned into a big devil who is almost related to the final battle, and judging from the fierce methods Xiao Yan has just dealt with the demon servant, this guy is probably really enough to threaten them.

Because the aura emanating from the body of the demon Xiao Yan has surpassed the seven-star level and clearly reached the eight-star level!

Eight Star Fighting Immortal, even Soul Wuji is helpless.

"However, it's strange that the Eight Star Dou Xian has not surpassed the approaching point of this continent. The superior who controls the Dou Emperor Sifang Continent will come in person. Why is there no breath now?" Du Yi glanced at the countless soul hall powerhouses below, wondering.

In the sky, sunlight scattered directly on the body of the demon Xiao Yan, magnifying the evil energy without limit.

Demon Xiao Yan's face is hideous, and the dark green evil aura is extremely large, but at this time, under the watchful eyes of countless people, he slowly regained his composure.

His palms have grown a little bit at the same time, like the sharpest claws of demon beasts. On the dark green skin of his body, a dense dark green demon phantom is completely imprinted on it.

"Dawn of Light." Just when everyone was puzzled, a ray of dawn flashed like lightning, slowly filling the sky and rippling.

"Devil... It's really unexpected." Above the dawn, there were two women in Yan Ting. They were wearing snow-white boots and white dresses that rendered their breath like real fairies.

But no one dared to underestimate them, because both of them are high-level officials of the Holy See!

"The two guardians of the Holy See?" Seeing that the entire sky was enveloped by a bright aura, Soul Wuji couldn't help but lose his voice,

I don't know why, the strength of the two Holy See guards, Sol and Yas, has reached the point of perfection of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals at this time!

And the white dawn behind them spread out, and the entire sky of the tens of thousands of territories in the Sky Star City was covered with a gray aura.

That is the realm, the taste of the enchantment.

The two of them joined forces to use such a huge means to wrap the core of the entire Tianxing Continent, making the controllers of the Dou Di Sifang Continent unable to sense it.

"Do they want to obliterate everyone here?" Soul Wuji was looking at a certain place in the mountain range below, where the breath was definitely an angel.

Quietly retreating, Soul Wuji headed towards the army of Soul Palace below. This time they were fully prepared, and in the previous battle, Soul Palace Continent had collected tens of thousands of soul bodies.

"The two Holy See guards... that's not enough."

"Let Mekal get out by himself, I can consider keeping her whole body." The dawn continued to spread, but when the demon Xiao Yan above the sky was affected, Xiao Yan's body shook with dark green evil energy and returned to his normal form. The invisible energy ripples actually trembled this bright enchantment.

"Bold!"

"Lord Touring Angel is also something that evil people like you can yell at?"

"Wait until the two of us capture you and send you to the Holy See!"

"You are an alien who surpasses the normal understanding of human beings, and should not exist in this world!"

"The Holy See Angels and Bishops will give you the final judgment!"

"Go ahead and capture it!" As soon as the words fell, the two figures burst out at the same time, roaring at Xiao Yan.

"The two Holy See guards who are qualified to be promoted to angels... Let the blood of the two of you come to pay homage to Gamma." Seeing this, Xiao Yan was not going to say anything to them, because Xiao Yan had heard of it long ago. Talking about the strictness of the Holy See, those who can enter it are the best who have been screened at various levels. They have pure hearts, and they have always been angels and gods for life, even if they sacrifice their lives for gods, they will do nothing.

At the same time, a wicked smile appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, he waved his big hand, the dazzling dark green mist on his body was under his control, and turned into a demonic phantom directly behind him, attached to Xiao Yan's back!

That feeling is as if behind Xiao Yan, there is a real demon king descending, he is commanding, teaching Xiao Yan how to use the power of demons, and now Xiao Yan, relying on the holy flame, Fen Jue and Di Yan in his body The ring temporarily suppressed the backlash of the demon's power.

Xiao Yan seems to have found that the power of the devil is more powerful and terrifying than the holy flame. Even the current Xiao Yan only draws a trace of power from the sea of ​​devils. Power, I am afraid that the survival of this continent is just a matter of second thoughts.

Even in the end, Xiao Yan found out that the power of the devil had nothing to do with Fen Jue and the Emperor Yanjie, because without the help of these three, Xiao Yan wanted to temporarily suppress the power of the devil, it would be completely nonsense!

The erosion of the power of the devil is hard to prevent, it directly corrodes the soul, and attacks the most vulnerable part of human limbs. demon machine.

Fortunately, Xiao Yan succeeded. Although it was only temporary, it was also successful. Moreover, after temporarily controlling the power of the devil, Xiao Yan's power instantly soared to the Eight-star Fighting Immortal. According to Xiao Yan's estimation, his current power has already After reaching the initial stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, the power of the soul in the body, the strength and speed of the body, etc., have been enhanced a lot because of the inhuman torture of the devil.

"This battle will be ended by me personally."

"The guy who covets this continent will stay here forever today!" After examining the changes in his body, Xiao Yan raised his head, looked at the two angel guards who were attacking him, and sneered.

This smile, mixed with endless contempt and ridicule, seems to be wanton telling the two angel guards that you have any tricks, just use them!

I am the devil, invincible!

He is the only devil in this world!