Chapter Vol 4 1348: The main event, Lei Tomb!

With the complete end of the second-stage soul competition, the Thunder Realm also regained a rare peace for a while.

In the one month after the end, Xiao Yan was also at peace. He was immersed in the training of thunder explosion technique, body technique, fighting technique and disturbing soul technique. Therefore, no one bothered Xiao Yan. For this kind of peace, Xiao Yan Yan was also quietly in the scroll space, slowly getting acquainted with the eye of gaze.

The next day, when the radiance of the morning scattered straight from the sky, there was also a frenzy in the mountains where the Thunder World contestants lived!

Because today is the day when the third stage completely begins, these contestants are looking forward to the third stage of the competition.

"Dong, dong, dong."

"Xiao Yan?" After a while, several figures stood side by side outside Xiao Yan's room.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan got up from the bed, opened the door immediately, and said something to the four daughters, Xiao Yan naturally knew what day it was today. As for the four daughters, they are the Yu family sisters, Du Qifei and Liu Qing.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Your breath seems to be..." Just seeing Xiao Yan for the first time, he suddenly had a strange feeling, which made Liu Qing feel that Xiao Yan was weird, because at this time Xiao Yan gave him a little bit of it. A rare oppression that has never been seen before.

"Let's go."

"Go to the square first, the third stage of the test is about to start." Du Qifei smiled slightly, and immediately everyone left in a group.

Leijie Square, this is a huge square that can accommodate tens of thousands of people. At this time, the square is already overcrowded, and dense figures completely fill this huge Leijie Square.

"Tsk tsk... This number is too exaggerated, right?" Xiao Yan and his group had just arrived here, and Yu Ran suddenly looked at so many figures and couldn't help but said.

"Hey [], don't you know, this is the largest number of contestants in history."

"However, almost the owner of the valley also came out to announce the rules of the competition, and immediately the third stage of the competition will start completely. It is said that this competition is extremely interesting." Someone on the side explained.

"Crash!" At this time, above the crowded square, there was a large open space in the center of the square. The next moment, a thunderous sound suddenly sounded there.

"Today is the day when the third stage of our Eastern Continent Ratio begins." The next moment, a majestic figure appeared in the center of the square, surrounded by thunder.

"Knife-forging Thunder Valley Master..." Just after hearing this voice, the tens of thousands of powerhouses who were present immediately stared at the figure with a trace of heat in their eyes. To become a powerhouse of this level is The ultimate goal in each of them.

"I represent the Thunder Valley of Forged Knife, and welcome you all." Seeing such a huge number of people, the owner of Thunder Valley of Forged Knife smiled with satisfaction.

"Hey, Thunder Valley Master, let's announce the rules of the third stage of the competition first." The next moment, Feng Yu's voice cut through the crowd and appeared on the square.

"The third stage of this Eastern Continent Ratio is called a trial, but it is actually a gift. How many achievements you can achieve depends on your luck." The Valley Master of Forge Thunder Valley pretended to be mysterious and smiled.

"The destination of this competition is located at the end of the many mountains in the Thunder Realm, the Thunder Tomb." The voice of the master of the Thunder Valley forging the knife was like bursts of Sanskrit, filling the entire square.

"Lei Tomb?" Xiao Yan was a little surprised when he heard this.

"The Tomb of Thunder?"

"It's actually the Tomb of Thunder?"

"It is said that the end of the many mountains in the Thunder World is the Thunder Tomb. The Thunder Tomb is a holy place for cultivation. Not only is the energy of heaven and earth abundant, but there are even many mysteries..." As the voice of the master of the Thunder Valley forged the knife fell, suddenly Causing bursts of loud noises.

"The Tomb of Thunder is not as magical as they say."

"The Thunder Tomb is full of dangers and opportunities, because it has absorbed countless powerhouses from our Eastern Continent."

"They were all overlords during their lifetime, but they remained in the Thunder Tomb because of the disappearance of their physical or spiritual power and the existence of the mysterious power of the Thunder Tomb."

"And the energy they left in the thunder tomb has become a great supplement. Those energies have no humanity, and when they are swallowed up, they are like low-level soul beasts without any intelligence, but they are full of extremely tyrannical. Attack power, obviously it is not easy to absorb these energies."

"But if you are lucky enough to absorb these energies, it will also have inestimable benefits for yourself." Du Qifei laughed.

"This is somewhat similar to the Heavenly Tomb in Dou Qi Continent." Xiao Yan nodded slightly after hearing this.

"Hehe, I believe everyone already knows about all the rumors about the Tomb of Thunder, right?"

"Entering it, whether it is an opportunity or a fall, depends on everyone's good fortune."

"In addition to this, we also put three fighting spirits in the thunder tomb, with three attributes: thunder, fire, and wood." The next moment, a shocking news broke out from the master of the forged sword Thunder Valley.

"Spirit of fighting?" As soon as the voice of the master of the Forge Thunder Valley fell, the atmosphere in the square suddenly reached a climax!

Few of the strong people here have a fighting spirit, even those as strong as pastoral songs do not have a fighting spirit. First, it is because the fighting spirit is too precious and extremely difficult to find. Second, it is also because most of the fighting spirits found are too much. Weak, and once the fighting spirit is absorbed, it is impossible to replace it, so many strong people did not rashly absorb and obtain the fighting spirit I don't know the valley owner, what level is this fighting spirit? "The next moment, even Mu Ge couldn't help but ask.

"It won't be weaker than a spirit-level fighting spirit." The Valley Master of Forge Thunder Valley smiled slowly.

"what?"

"Isn't that... above ground grade?" With the words of the Valley Master of Forging Blade Thunder Valley, it immediately caused quite a commotion.

The preciousness of the fighting spirit, it is quite difficult to find a spirit item, as for the fighting spirit of this level, it is enough to make everyone go through fire and water!

"This time, the Thunder Tomb will last for a year, and the time will be given to you to practice hard. After one year, the ten strong men who set foot on the top of the Thunder Tomb will have the opportunity to advance to the Four Continents Competition."

"At the same time, it is also an opportunity to enter the Thunder Valley." The master of the Thunder Valley forged knife smiled.

"A year..." Many strong men nodded slightly when they heard the words. For them, a year was just a flick of a finger.

"If you are ready, let's start." The Valley Master of Thunder Valley smiled slowly, and then waved his hand. Over the square, a rare space channel slowly formed. This is the space channel leading to the Thunder Tomb. !

With the emergence of the space channel, tens of thousands of contestants were immediately present. At present, it has become hot, and the space channel is tightly locked. There, there are not only opportunities, but also the precious existence of fighting spirit. attractive to them.

"It seems that this trip to the Thunder Tomb was a little fun." Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly, his voice filled with a smile.