Chapter Vol 4 2222: The dilemma faced by the Fire Elf 1 family

"I'm coming……"

"Second elder, you don't have to be so cruel every time. The wooden door of my space is expensive to build. How many times have you broken it?"

When Ma Lin's palm kept beating on the fourth wooden house above the ancient tree, an old voice came from it, with some dissatisfaction and resentment.

"Squeak."

The wooden door has extremely mysterious patterns. If it is not clever, it may be extremely difficult to open. At this time, the wooden door is quietly opened by the figure inside.

"Didn't you go to preside over the electoral contest?"

"Why are you free to come to my place?"

Pushing the door and walking out, the wooden door was filled with the power of space like a small vortex, and an elf who looked like a middle-aged human man walked out.

This elf man looks very similar to a human, without extra angular, pointed ears, fluff, etc. If you don't look carefully, it is easy to think that he is a human.

"A guest is here."

"I'll give you a stick of incense time."

Second Elder Ma Lin's voice dropped coldly, and suddenly his body was gently moved away, revealing the two behind him.

"Senior Yao Laogui, this is my second brother. He was seriously injured in the competition. Could you please take a look?"

Xiao Yi looked anxious, hurriedly turned to reveal Xiao Yan's figure, and said.

"Don't be so troublesome, let's deal with your affairs as soon as possible. I'm also relieved."

Xiao Yan leaned on Xiao Yi and used his soul power to communicate.

"Shhh, second brother."

"Yao Laogui is a well-known pharmacist in our fire elves. His medical skills are unparalleled in the world... and maybe he can get some benefits, right?"

"Hey-hey."

Xiao Yi responded.

After all, although the fire elves are tyrannical, they still have the vision of the door, so even if Xiao Yan possesses such a terrifying talent, the fire elves will not easily promise anything.

It's just that Xiao Yan is his second brother. The second brother has come all the way to help him. Although he can't give his second brother anything, he can't let him go back empty-handed, right?

"Cough...Xiao Yi, you are joining your second brother to harm our fire elves."

Before the conversation between Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi was over, Yao Laogui said with a smile on his face.

"Uh……"

Yao Laogui's voice fell, Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan looked at the old man in front of them with amazement.

"The soul power of the late Huayuan realm!"

Such an understated voice made Xiao Yan's body tremble like an electric shock, especially the spiritual palace in his body, which actually sent out an extremely violent heart palpitations and tremors.

"Alright, alright, hurry up, otherwise I'll be worried..." Second Elder Ma Lin urged.

"Come in, two interesting little guys."

After that, the fourth room of the ancient tree of life was closed, and everyone was also submerged in it, but the roots of the ancient tree of life had traces of black air seeping out. I am afraid that if it is not solved, there will be a terrible danger here. .

"Tsk tsk, good guy."

"Although you have a tyrannical body-building technique, you are clearly not afraid of death."

"The flesh and blood in the palm of your hand is blurred, and there are only five bones and fingers left. If you hold on for a while, even Da Luo Jinxian can't save you..."

Just walking into Yao Lao Gui's house, this guy put Xiao Yan down and looked at him carefully, looking at Xiao Yan as if he were studying some rare treasure.

Especially Xiao Yan used the palm of his dragon claw!

"Senior, I have a lack of fighting qi in my body now, and my body is full of scars. If you continue like this..."

The corners of Xiao Yan's lips were pale, apparently unintentional.

"I'll give you a big repayment pill..."

"Healing liquid..."

Listening to Xiao Yan's words, Yao Lao Gui tossed out pills containing strong power from the medicine cabinet on the side, and handed them to Xiao Yan regardless of whether there would be any other side effects.

"Tear it off!"

Seeing this, Xiao Yan recognized at a glance that these medicinal pills were at the lowest level of the sixth rank of immortal rank, and even the eighth rank of holy pills were mixed with so many pills. He immediately sat cross-legged and worked hard to absorb and refine them.

This move made Second Elder Ma Lin sigh slightly.

It is really one who dares to feed, one who dares to eat, and anyone else. I am afraid that no one dares to swallow and absorb the power of so many high-level medicinal pills at the same time like Xiao Yan.

"This guy, named Xiao Yan, defeated Alice and Qianqin in the competition and helped Xiaoyi get the title of King."

Ma Lin sat on the wooden chair, looked at the old Yao Yao who was looking for medicine and Xiao Yan who was absorbing the medicine pill, and spoke calmly.

"Oh... if you lose, you will lose."

Yao Laogui moved on his own as if he didn't hear him.

"By the way, Qianqin still has the power of origin left by the Storm Dragon King Tamil, and in the end, he lost to this guy."

Second Elder Ma Lin continued.

"What the hell?"

"Wait... Ma Lin, make it clear to me!"

"Just a guy who hasn't stepped into reincarnation, can beat their two princesses?"

The next moment, Yao Laogui came back to his senses, and immediately looked at Xiao Yan with his eyes closed and rested in shock.

"Exactly."

"And he not only has the existence of holy flames, but also has the smell of the exercises practiced by holy kings, so now the problems that plague our family, I am afraid they need to work together to solve them."

Ma Lin shook her head, as if she was extremely happy with Yao Lao Gui's appearance.

"No way... Gulu."

Yao Laogui suddenly stopped the movements in his hands, and then his body instantly froze in mid-air, looking at Xiao Yan with extremely strange eyes.

Are you as frightened as you see an evil ghost, or even a little excited?

"Taking advantage of this time, tell us everything about our fire elves. After all, we don't have much time, and we have to rely on the two of them for the next thing."

The next moment, the smile on Ma Lin's face disappeared instantly. Obviously, when she talked about this issue, even with her strength, she felt a burst of heart palpitations.

"But... that kind of thing can't be dealt with with your fourth-level strength. Even if the two of them have two holy flames, their strength is too weak. If this continues, they will only die."

Yao Laogui shook his head and vetoed.

"Let's talk Among the awakened powerhouses in the fire elves clan, with you and me being the strongest in combat, there should be hope in cooperating with the holy flames of the two of them."

"Otherwise, you also know that once that thing succeeds, all the powerhouses in the Holy Land retreat in our fire elves will..." Ma Lin said in fear, and the cold light in her eyes appeared with murderous intent, which made the aura in this space agitated.

"All right."

"Both of you, listen carefully."

"Are you curious why the Great Elder didn't come forward to preside over?"

"Because today's fire elves have encountered an unprecedented catastrophe."

"After the first world war, our fire elves, led by the goddess Yaoji, cooperated with the holy king of the Xiao clan and others to stop the world war, and then the fire elves clan chief returned to the clan. sickness passed away."

"Based on the great achievements of the patriarch, we buried him in the center of the elves' lair for future generations to worship and pray."

"It's a pity that we underestimated the power of the foreign evil clan. Although the patriarch passed away, countless evil powers accumulated in his body. Those powers used evil methods to escape our detection. Evil thoughts took root in the lair. late."

Yao Lao Gui's voice was full of deep self-blame.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: