Chapter Vol 4 1769: Get started!

At the same time, thousands of miles away from Tianxing Continent, there are some core places in Douyun Continent.

At this time, inside a magnificent ancient temple, the temple as a whole was quite large, and there were countless faint lights on the surrounding walls, and wisps of yellow light shone out. In the temple, many steps were densely covered. Above the steps are hundreds of faint soul light groups arranged in sequence. Under the steps of the temple, an old man closed his eyes and sat quietly.

"Kacha!" With a sound, one of the soul light groups on the steps suddenly swelled up, rippling like ripples, and instantly shattered.

"This is... the soul light group of the fifth believer Yas Nail?" After a while, the old man opened his eyes slightly, looked at the broken and disappeared soul light group at will, and immediately revealed what was recorded in it, but In this understated voice, there is actually a touch of mysterious power that is enough to make the world pale.

Here is the core of the Holy See, the Church of Souls!

Every strong person who serves in the Holy See must leave a trace of his soul power here at the moment of joining the Holy See. On the one hand, it is to detect the purity of the soul. If it is a dirty soul, it is impossible to join the Holy See. On the other hand, it is to better know the life and death of these powerhouses. After all, the Holy See is extremely protective of the short-term. Once it is discovered who has obliterated the powerhouses in their Holy See, they will pursue them endlessly.

The broken soul light group symbolizes complete death, and the dim soul light group is a serious injury. At this time, Yas Nail's soul light group is instantly broken, which proves that he has completely fallen. No matter it is a black soul, it is all destroyed by the murderer. .

"Hmph... I don't know who it is, who dares to kill our top officials of the Holy See."

"Buck, go and investigate, who did it!"

"Remember, do whatever it takes!" After a while, the eyes of the old man in red were blurred, and a majestic killing intent permeated.

"Yes, Lord Cardinal." As the old man's voice fell, a man in a gorgeous gray robe appeared out of thin air, and lightly agreed, and disappeared in the blink of an eye. , and even the seemingly old-fashioned cardinal in front of him, his strength may have reached the realm of Tong Xuan.

In Tianmu City.

"Sir!" Seeing that the fifth believer Yas Ding was completely obliterated by the powerhouse in the Soul Palace in front of him, Lin Qingyun and the other two powerhouses accompanying the Holy See said with a very solemn expression.

The two of them came here to answer the invitation of Master Lin Qingyun to solve the election of the Star Continent. Now they have been obliterated by the powerhouses of the Soul Palace. If this kind of thing spreads out, I am afraid...

"Susu..."

"Where to run!" Crushing Yas Nail's heart into pieces, the Soul Hall powerhouse waved his hand, and a white light suddenly shot out from his shattered body towards the outside world.

"Susu...It feels so delicious." The **** mouth opened, and he was about to devour all the soul power of Yaspin who was about to escape. At the same time, the power in the soul of the strong man soared in an instant. many.

"You... can't run away either!" Looking at this scene, the Soul Palace strong man looked at the other Holy See powerhouses with his eyes closed, and the three of them had no chance to escape, and were easily obliterated by him.

"Lord Xiao Yan..." At this moment, watching the tyrannical fifth believer Ya Si Ding were directly obliterated by him, and then his soul was extracted and swallowed directly, Lin Qingwen's eyes showed a look of panic.

"If it wasn't for the Lord of the Palace who needed the holy flame and some things in your body, I'm afraid I would have devoured you directly today."

"The domain master of the endless fire domain is just a little trick." After doing all this, the powerhouse of the Soul Palace came to Xiao Yan with a smirk.

"I don't know where you are sacred to the Soul Palace?"

"Twelve Souls?"

"Five Soul Guards?" Xiao Yan's body is ready for a dazzling attack. Obviously, he must go all out in the face of this tyrannical soul palace powerhouse.

"Oh... how do you know so much?"

"But it's a pity, I am an existence above them... If you have any last words, let's keep it until you see the hall master." During the speech, the soul body of the soul hall powerhouse slowly emerged a faint light, even a faint light. The black robe also burst out with a dazzling power of space.

"Space channel?"

"But... it's too early to be happy to say this now!"

"Acacia Flame Territory, Immortal Array!" Seeing that the strong man in the Soul Palace was about to use the space channel to send a few of them back to the base camp of the Soul Palace, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, and suddenly made a move.

For a time, a huge formation based on the pink field completely shrouded the entire square, and the imprisoning force of the extremely tyrannical flame breath rushed towards the face.

Xiao Yan really wanted to visit the so-called Hall Master of the Soul Palace, but now his strength is weak, and the matter in the Tianxing Continent is not over for the time being, so he can only take action at the last minute, otherwise once it is used by him, I am afraid it will destroy him. many plans.

"Fifty-five thousand lines... that's not enough!" Seeing that his whole body was enveloped in a tyrannical flame, Xiao Yan roared when he noticed the number of lines.

It's not enough to deal with this six-star Dou Xian perfection level Soul Temple powerhouse!

"Fifty-seven thousand paths..."

"Sixty thousand?" At the end, Xiao Yan's pupils became red, and his dazzling power raised his power to the peak.

And these 60,000 core inscriptions are naturally the peak of Xiao Yan's first display after returning from the ghost world. Although it can't completely imprison the powerhouses of the Soul Palace, it is still enough to delay time.

With the use of the swallowing flame technique, coupled with the increase in the Acacia Flame Domain, Xiao Yan's strength was directly increased to the late stage of the Six Star Fighting Immortal!

"A powerful formation, but it won't imprison me for too long..."

"How is that possible, in the late stage of Six Star Fighting Immortals?" Before the smile in the mouth of the powerful soul hall , he could smell the tyrannical fluctuations in Xiao Yan's body.

"Dragon God's first change and third change!"

"Fighting Soul!" Under the cover of the formation, Xiao Yan was fully armed.

The power of the late Six Star Fighting Immortal, coupled with the protection of the ghost of the fighting soul, and the increase in the first and third transformation of the Dragon God, Xiao Yan today can be said to be the strongest posture.

"Bang Kacha!" With a sound, the seemingly tyrannical formation became shaky for a while. Obviously, even the combination of 60,000 core formation patterns and Xiao Yan's Acacia Flame Domain is for a Six-Star Dou Xian Perfection level powerhouse. , still not enough.

After all, the power of the formation pattern, 10,000 paths corresponds to one star Dou Xian, and so on, but with the help of the cover of the formation, Xiao Yan finally adjusted himself to the peak state, and the power of the formation was also gently dissipated at the last moment.

"Wait... this is it?" At the last moment, looking at Xiao Yan's back, an amber flame appeared gently like a blazing sun, but the soul body of the Soul Hall powerhouse burst out with panic.

This level of flame fluctuation is not a holy flame, and the amber flame alone makes the soul palace strong like a great enemy, the vindictive energy in the body is continuously released, and the black mist is released from the body uncontrollably. Come out, obviously quite afraid of the amber flame!

Since returning from the ghost world, it was the first time that he went all out to deal with the Six Star Fighting Immortal.