Chapter Vol 4 2151: I have walked on the path of God, and I have touched...

"Six angel purple wings?"

Seeing the tense confrontation between the two on the sky, especially the terrifying fluctuations on the Pope, Xiao Yan opened his mouth in doubt.

The void where the two figures were in the picture began to distort and shatter.

There is no doubt that a battle of that level, even with the isolation of their power enchantment, with the slightest aftermath emanating, is enough to wipe out everything!

"Angel wings are the most powerful weapons bestowed by the kingdom of angels to the strongest in the Holy See branch."

"From the lowest wing to six, white to purple."

"After the six wings, there is the wise angel."

"After eight wings, it's a blazing angel!"

"Throughout the ages, except for the descendants of the royal angel bloodline who can cultivate to the peak, other idlers and others can only cultivate to the six wings, and after that, it will be difficult to improve."

"If you want to practice cultivation, you have to step into the kingdom of angels, or get the blessing of the queen of angels, otherwise you will only stay at this level all day long!"

"Six-winged purple angel, this is already the strongest figure in the world of thousands, except for the kingdom of angels."

Liu Yun, the demon of light, spoke in a rather flat voice, but it made people feel like a breath of fresh air. It seems that under the mention of the Pope's voice just now, some memories and powers in her body slowly emerged from the depths of her heart, letting her The breath is completely different from before.

"Damn it..."

At this moment, looking at the distorted void of the sky, the expressions of everyone below unconsciously became ugly, and their fists clenched tightly.

"I have touched the source of all things in the stars. Isn't the supreme divine power comparable to a class of hairy angels?"

"If you want to judge me, let the archangel of the kingdom of angels come personally!"

"Boom!"

The demon emperor sneered, and endless domineering green light rushed out. In front of his chest, it vaguely condensed into a strange weapon. This weapon condensed by energy just appeared, and the whole world trembled unconsciously.

Demon World Domination Weapon, Sky Splitting Demon Spear!

Even if it is only constructed by the demon emperor's demonic energy, the lifelike Xeon gun body contains extremely terrifying power. Under this kind of power, even Miffel's angel wings are as powerful as the firefly. Hui is generally weak and ridiculous.

"God, grant me divine power to transcend evil!"

"Give me the grace to transform all beings!"

"Angel Sacred Beheading!"

Miffel's high-pitched voice fell, and the angel gauze covered his body, which soared his breath, and the six angel purple wings behind him slowly instigated, countless purple feathers fell off, and actually condensed into a handle in front of everyone. Golden holy sword!

Above the holy sword, the angel's soul shadow was cast on it, and the purple holy flame lingered and danced, extremely beautiful, but above the sword, there was an angel whispering, and under this whisper, everything was silent.

Even above the hilt, in addition to the feathers embellished with angel wings, there is a very strange power, that power is very strange and mysterious, but it makes Xiao Yan quite familiar.

"That's... the power of faith?"

Although he couldn't believe it, Xiao Yan truly felt that the holy sword contained the power of endless faith.

The power of faith is mysterious, but that kind of power is one of the signs of a strong person in reincarnation. An attack with such a strong power of faith and the power of angels, even a demon emperor, is probably more inauspicious.

"I didn't expect that he would dare to use the power of faith rashly. No wonder his strength would increase so quickly."

"The power of faith is the power collected by the respective Holy See branches to promote the virtues of angels, and they need to be served to the kingdom of angels, so the kingdom of angels will give them angel wings."

"But with this level of power, it seems..."

At this moment, Liu Yun was holding her head with her slender jade hand, and a sharp pain appeared. Some memories in her body were sealed. Now the seal is slowly lifted, and some information has emerged at the same time!

"Wong buzzing!"

The demon emperor stood up suddenly, grabbed the energy demon spear in his hand, and the dazzling green demon light flickered, as if the piercing sun began to rise. On the top, a smear of golden blood is looming!

After this extremely bleak golden blood appeared, the whole world was in disarray.

"Wong buzzing!"

The demon emperor held the spear, his pupils contained a monstrous fighting intent, his body flickered, his demon power boiled, and he stepped directly across the sky. In an instant, tens of thousands of zhang gigantic demon lights surged out of the spear, and the extremely fierce wind made the whole The void became a mess, and then the space distorted, exerting the demon power to the extreme, and swept away at the Pope.

Everyone saw that in the energy barrier of the sky, the demon emperor turned into a green spear and swept away at Miffel's position. The speed was indescribable, and the power contained in it was even more incomprehensible to them!

Even if it is as strong as Gu Xingtian, you can only see that the void in the energy barrier is distorted.

The man and the gun were one, and in line with the thunder, the demon spear instantly appeared less than ten meters in front of Miffel. In a blink of an eye, it was about to assassinate the Pope's vital spot. The smoky atmosphere of the world, if you are hit by this kind of attack, I am afraid that even Samsara will only be saddened!

"Angel Sacred Beheading!"

Miffel's palm was covered with golden holy patterns of light, then he raised his holy sword high and slashed directly at the demon emperor.

Countless angels and holy lights fell like a galaxy, sacred and ethereal, and even the power of faith swept out together, suppressing all the energies of heaven and earth in this world!

The terrifying Holy Breath of Light has just appeared, and the distorted void of this piece of heaven and earth, one after another, shattered cracks, and I am afraid that in a short while, this place will completely collapse.

"Crack!" A sound.

The green demon light and the bright holy sword clashed to the point where the hot energy storm surged like a wormhole in space, greedily eating away every grass and tree in this world!

"No...impossible!!!"

Just when the Pope was about to make a move, he found that the deadlocked demon spear vibrated. A trace of golden blood was hidden in the green light of the demon spear. They actually pierced all defenses and attacks in front of Miffel impartially. Even the best armor hidden under Miffel's robes was easily destroyed.

The lightning flash was so fast that the Pope hadn't reacted, and the deadly attack had already fallen.

The demon spear pierced into the body The icy demonic energy boiled around like a **** of death harvesting life, continuously absorbing the little remaining vitality of Miffel!

"Ah ah ah!"

"how could it be possible?"

At this moment, Miffel slowly lowered his head and saw that the mighty Holy Sword of Light in his hand had not been able to defend against the Demon Emperor's attack?

The demon emperor's attack directly ignores his holy breath of light, the power of faith?

Ignore your many bright power defenses and hit your vitals?

The golden eyes slowly dimmed, and there was an unbelievable and painful look on his cheeks.

"I have touched the stars, and I have stepped into the "God Way". Fortunately, during the seal period, the power of the Divine Way was completely understood."

"I am now different from what I was in ancient times."

"How can a mortal fight with me?"

The demon emperor let go, and the energy demon spear stabbed Miffel's nerves and devoured his vitality. The demon emperor shook his head and stepped back.

On the other hand, Pope Miffel, the six angel wings behind him, the angel holy sword in front of him, the power of faith, etc., became illusory at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"Guru..."

"The Pope who is as strong as the fifth tier... just lost like that?".

At this moment, many strong people below looked at the Pope with such a terrified look, and immediately a look of awe and dazedness filled their minds, washing their cognition, shocked deep in their hearts, unable to calm down for a long time.

That kind of fluctuation comes from the golden blood that flickered from the Demon Emperor's body!

​​

​​