Chapter Vol 4 2207: A clean first battle!

"Enchantment, open!"

Second Elder Ma Lin snorted coldly, and suddenly stretched out his hand to take out a piece of silver elf flail stone, crushing it at will, the ancient and vast power slanted out like a tide, and suddenly filled the void of this holy altar, layer by layer. An extremely thick energy barrier covered everyone's bodies. This level of energy barrier was enough to withstand the fierce confrontation of the second and third reincarnation levels!

At this time, the altar is like two "O" shapes inside and outside. A small circle of protection covers the center of the altar, and the outer circle other than the center of the altar is the place of battle.

"Alan, just reincarnation rank, let's admit defeat as soon as possible. The gap between the reincarnation rank and the first rank is like an insurmountable gulf."

Ma Wen was dressed in a gray robe, with strips of light brown flames drawn on the clothes. At this time, Ma Wen stepped into the altar barrier and said to Alan, the confident expression between his words was undoubtedly on display. .

"It's uncertain who will kill the deer!"

"Let's do it!"

Allen ignored it, and looked away with countless provocations in her eyes. At the same time, her body was covered with ancient and mysterious brown flames. After a low hum, Allen and Marvin were strong. The man, swept into the air of the altar directly, and the reincarnation pressure on his body spread out like a surging river, making the atmosphere in this altar land suppressed to the extreme!

The first battle begins!

With the suppression of his strength, Marvin did not hesitate. During the roaring of the flames all over his body, countless brown flames burst into a dazzling halo. The elf powerhouse's eyelids twitched violently!

The strength of the first-level reincarnation is so terrifying!

"Sisi!"

Allen didn't move rashly. Countless brown flames formed a hundred-zhang-sized sea of ​​energy around his body. Countless brown flames lingered. His body was in the center of the sea of ​​​​fire, and it seemed that something was slowly sounding.

"what is that?"

Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi held their breath as they watched the battle in the altar, but they found that in the center of the sea of ​​​​fire that Allen cast out, there was something looming, carrying some kind of special power.

It was a seemingly ordinary stone, but the whole body was blue in color, and a feather was inlaid inside the stone. The feather seemed to be suppressed and sealed inside, and it faintly exuded a monstrous aura!

"Witcher?"

"how come?"

When Xiao Yi saw this, her handsome face became gloomy, making her look extremely distorted and ugly.

"The flames of elves in the fire elves were born in the space of the sea of ​​​​the sky, and their power is a bit more tyrannical than the ordinary flames of the sky, and there are countless legends. Relying on this kind of flame, the power of the fire elves is strong. The reader has a lucky chance to spy on the supreme magic power and chance of the goddess Yaoji."

"I didn't expect that this Allen's reincarnation level would be so lucky."

"A witch tool, although it can't defeat Ma Lao, it can also consume a lot of Ma Lao's power."

Xiaoyi was talking to herself, but it was more like explaining the reason with Xiao Yan.

"Don't worry... just look at it."

Xiao Yan nodded indifferently, the violent aura in his eyes was like a furious tiger dormant here.

"Witchcraft... it's just a trace of the power of the goddess Yaoji."

"In the face of absolute power, you have no chance!"

"Flame!"

Marvin's eyes fell on the azure stone with intense energy in Aaron's sea of ​​fire, and the power in his body suddenly tumbled. Obviously, he was not going to keep any hand, otherwise once Alan pushed this thing with all his strength, it would reach that At times, you will inevitably have to spend more energy.

The power of a witch weapon is similar to that of an immortal weapon in the Great Thousand World, but it is far from enough to threaten the reincarnation-level powerhouse.

However, the power of the witch tool should not be underestimated. After all, this is the power of the goddess Yaoji, and the power in the body of all the powerhouses of the elves has an indispensable relationship with Yaoji, so this kind of thing is strong for the elves. As far as it is concerned, it is not only a rare treasure, but also a difficult weapon to deal with.

"Are you afraid too..."

Allen smiled slowly, and then the power of reincarnation in his body worked perfectly. A slender jade hand pressed his chest and patted it mercilessly. The bright red blood overflowed from the corner of his cold mouth, and was collected and held by him. The palm, wrapped in brown flames, fell directly against the witchcraft.

"It's really worth it..."

Feeling Allen's life-threatening attack, the power of reincarnation in Marvin became heavier, like a mountain with tens of thousands of weights pressing on his body.

"Marvin, you don't distinguish right from wrong, you help Zhou and abuse, today..."

"I will replace Princess Alice and kill you!"

"Qing Wuyu!"

Allen couldn't take care of the weakness in his body, and there was a mad look hanging from the corner of his mouth. His blood essence and cyan stones were tightly intertwined, and a cyan energy halo was like a small black hole whirlpool. It is centered in front of it, and it comes out wanton everywhere, and the terrifying fluctuations along the way may be enough to annihilate any reincarnation-level powerhouse!

"It's good to come!"

Marvin's laughter resounded like thunder, and everyone immediately saw that when Aaron's mighty terrifying black hole vortex attack came into contact with Marvin's surroundings, extremely sharp winds swept out.

Looking up, a thousand-meter-sized brown chain of fire, carrying an incomparably strong suffocating arrogance, was ruthlessly destroying Aaron's attack in an almost destructive stance.

"Wong buzzing!"

With this level of attack, the already weak Ellen's beautiful eyes shrank violently, and she even felt that even with the blessing of a witch weapon, it was impossible for her to defeat such a furious Marvin!

"This guy is a bit bloody Xiao Yan's eyes swept across the sky and followed the brown fire chain. At this time, Ma Wen's face was expressionless, his pupils were extremely cold, and endless killing intent was tilted out. , so that Allen's body and strength are being eaten away bit by bit!

"Whoa!"

"Crack!"

The brown chain of fire tore out with a fierce attack, tearing apart all of Allen's attack defenses almost instantly, and the latter did not hold any hands, and the method was extremely ruthless to knock Allen into a coma. , and finally kicked out of the altar space with one kick, and kicked to the position of several people in the western tribe.

"..."

At this moment, the audience is dead silent. Although there is a big gap between the strengths of the two, this kind of battle is too neat, isn't it?

Who would have thought that in the first battle of the two southwestern tribes, Alan, who possessed a witch weapon, would be so easily killed by him?

Although there are clear rules in the competition, life and death are irrelevant, but Marvin did not directly strangle Ellen. What he is doing now is naturally to warn other elf powerhouses with bad intentions!

Today's Alan, his breath is on the verge of death, and the countless forces in his body are tumbling and raging.

"Diff, get out of this seat!"

After doing all this, there were bursts of blood-colored aura on Marvin's face, and he glared at him!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: