Chapter Vol 4 1772: A secret threat!

There are many forests, trees and buildings in Tianxing City. From the outside, it turns out to be the same vast land that cannot be seen.

Among them, the whole of Tianxing City is composed of thirteen mountain ranges. The tops of the mountain ranges are each with their own quite prosperous urban buildings. These mountain ranges form their own stations, and the energy of heaven and earth is abundant. Within the mountain range, there are some nobles or families or forces that have made outstanding contributions to the entire Tianxing Continent.

Among them, thirteen mountain ranges are ranked according to the intensity of the energy of heaven and earth, but the first five mountain ranges are all residences of the Lin family, and the third to fifth mountain ranges are currently three candidates. The second mountain range is inhabited by the strong who control the order of the Star Continent. As for the first place, it is naturally the place where the Lord of the Star Continent today, the emperor of the Lin family's royal family, Lin Jiyuan.

Lin Jiyuan, the king of a country in the Tianxing Continent, has a profound strength, and is a complete powerhouse of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals.

But I don't know why, this tyrannical emperor in the past has been getting worse and worse in recent years. Now he is terminally ill. He has searched for countless doctors and he is helpless. There are rumors that he did something that people and gods are angry with. It's just the secret, and I'm afraid only the core of the royal family knows.

With Lin Jiyuan in such a situation, he was worried that the huge family fortune of the Lin family would be coveted by some unscrupulous people in the Tianxing Continent, so he could only be a candidate. Among them, the three most promising princes and princesses were elected by many high-level officials.

They are the seventh princess Lin Yunshu who lives on the third mountain range, the Tianyuan Mountain Range.

This princess is elegant in nature and does not like to kill. She is the youngest and the youngest among the descendants of the royal family. Her strength was mediocre at first, but since she returned from the Xuanling Continent, the mysterious and unpredictable power of the stars emerged in her body, and she was killed together. The Sky Star Continent was surrounded by many high-level officials and became the most influential member of the three candidates. Because the entire Sky Star Continent, there was only one person who could radiate the power of the stars, and the power of the stars, but with the Sky Star Continent. Some unfathomable treasures are related. Just by virtue of this, the name of Her Royal Highness, the princess, is well-deserved and has won the support of countless high-level officials. However, the other two electors also have their unique characteristics, so the three are deadlocked.

The second is the third prince, Prince Lin Feng, who lives in the fourth Lingshan Mountain, the Tiansha Mountains. This guy is born ****, likes to kill, trying to spread the Tianxing Continent and become the first overlord of the Doudi Sifang Continent. Although this thought is arrogant, it has received the support of many diehards and military forces on the Star Continent. Therefore, the military force mastered by this guy is the most tyrannical among the three, but this guy is obviously unscrupulous in order to achieve his goals. Therefore, there are still many strong people hesitating.

The last one, the eldest prince Lin Fengya who lives in the fifth Lingshan Mountain, the Tianxuan Mountains. Although this prince is a lame man, he is better than a high-ranking man. His good upbringing on weekdays has allowed him to do what he does. Many people's hearts and leisure time go to various places to appease the disaster, so the prince who is loved by many forces in the Tianxing Continent.

The three candidates each have their own advantages, and the king of the royal family has not completely announced who the biography is. For a time, the three are so quiet, and they keep pulling helpers secretly. If there is any change in the king of the royal family, I am afraid that they will be indifferent. Start without hesitation.

And under this quietness, the countless forces in all the mountains of Tianxing City were quietly crawling like a harbinger before the storm came.

As Xiao Yan and the others poured out of the space channel, they stepped into Tianxing City step by step, and walked towards the Tianyuan Mountain Range. At this time, the fourth mountain range was above the Tiansha Mountain Range.

Tiansha Mountains, although the energy of heaven and earth is also abundant, but because it contains a trace of evil spirit, it is hated by many strong people. After all, this kind of evil spirit is extremely difficult to purify. If it is absorbed for a long time, I am afraid it will turn into a monster that only knows how to kill. However, Lin Feng liked this kind of atmosphere very much. He took the initiative to resign and moved in. However, with Lin Feng's entry, the suffocating evil spirit above the Tiansha Mountains has been greatly improved. I don't know. how it was purified.

The Tiansha Mountains are surrounded by some trees. As for the top of the mountain, it is a huge city of dozens of miles. There are various market buildings in the city. This is also a common scene of the thirteen mountain ranges. At this time, the top of the mountain range The huge city center, in the magnificent golden palace.

"His Royal Highness..." At this time, a man who looked like a scholar gently knocked on the palace gate and said to the inside.

"Come in..." A faint voice came out.

"How's it going?" As the scholar-like man entered the splendid palace, the man on the golden seat immediately asked lazily.

The man has long blond hair and a delicate face, which contains a touch of innate nobility. At this time, he leaned gently in front of the desk, quietly raised a simple scroll, and read it carefully, but his body was quite violent. His breath was quite incompatible with this refined breath.

"Your Highness..."

"The Seventh Princess has indeed sent someone to the Xuanling Continent. If it is not unexpected, I am afraid she will go to the Xuanling Continent to seek help. After all, the forces above the Haohai Continent and Douyun Continent are not helping the princess. She only has Xuanling Continent." The scholar man said softly, obviously this guy is in charge of external intelligence, and the intelligence of the other two candidates can't escape his eyesight.

"Recently, there has been a lot of rumors about the Xuanling Continent being attacked by foreign evil races It is said that there is a guy with some strength who has completely unified the Xuanling Continent and established a force called Endless Fire Domain?" Lin Feng Putting down the scroll in his hand, he laughed. His voice was filled with ridicule. Obviously, the forces of the Endless Fire Territory were too weak for him.

"Yes... and it seems that the person they invited is the powerhouse in the Endless Fire Territory, the Territory Lord Xiao Yan, who is only in the middle stage of the Five Star Fighting Immortal. Go to the mountains." The scholar man said.

"Although the Endless Fire Territory is not a threat, I still ask Lin Hai to meet that kid for a while. What I want is an absolute chance of winning..." Lin Feng said with gloomy eyes and murderous intent.

"Yes." The scholar man agreed, and immediately went to work, but he didn't know why Lin Feng would send a five-star Fighting Immortal Perfection level powerhouse to encircle and suppress a mid-five-star Fighting Immortal guy.

Before leaving, the scholar man also muttered, "Lin Qingyun didn't go to Douyun Continent to invite the Holy See powerhouse, why is there no news yet..."

"Seventh sister, when I get the royal power, the power of the stars in your body will be taken out without hesitation as a brother."

"When the time comes, I will personally visit the relic of the founder's great power, Susu."

"However, that Lin Fengya is motionless, what is he doing..." As the scholar left, the corner of this guy's mouth turned out to be filled with a frenzied smile.

On the other hand, Lin Fengya is secretly colluding with the powerful souls such as Soul Palace. I am afraid that for a while, it is hard to say who will win this election.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.