Chapter Vol 4 1882: Go to Ten Thousand Demons!

"My lord, my lord, if you have something to say, our Yaoxuan Sect promises you to retreat, please..." At this time, looking at Xiao Yan, who was enveloped in hot flames like a fire god, and the unmatched amber flame power in the domain, The first elder couldn't help but begged for mercy in a low voice, he had no doubt that under this fierce flame, it was probably the two of them joining forces, and there was no chance of winning!

"Boom!" Without any hesitation, Xiao Yan's hand caught fire and fell, and the extremely bright flame of holy flame entangled the two of them silently. here.

Although the two of them are Seven Star Fighting Immortals, they were ranked as the top 15 holy flames without any precautions. They also had no resistance and were burned to the ground, and even the monsters themselves did not show up. , really turned into dust, but unfortunately there was no demon pill.

And without Xuanshan and the Great Elder, I am afraid that the demon Xuanzong will be completely disintegrated, and the crisis in Butterfly Valley will also be self-defeating, which is undoubtedly a great thing for Butterfly Valley.

"Let's go, they shouldn't harass you again in the future." After doing all this, Xiao Yan took off his disguise, revealing his black attire, and said to Die Qi, as if he had done an ordinary thing.

"Lord Xiao Yan, you..."

"Although they said they deserved death, it would be too cruel to obliterate them like this?"

"Actually, we can communicate well and try to train them. In that case..." Die Qi seemed to be quite naive. Looking at the terrifying scene in the field, he couldn't help but whisper, especially when the two of them died. pupils, so that his memory is still fresh.

"Okay, pay attention next time." Seeing this, Xiao Yan did not explain, but smiled slowly. Xiao Yan still understands the principle of cutting grass without eradicating the roots, and the spring breeze blowing and regenerating, but Die Qi's idea was not wrong, so he did not Forced to explain something.

"Let's go, go home." As soon as the voice fell, the two of them also went to the base camp smoothly.

"Valley Master, Patriarch, according to the report of the guards who followed Sir Xiao Yan, the Demon Xuanzong Sect Master and the Great Elder have fallen." At the same time, at the core of Butterfly Valley, several powerful figures stand here, among them Represented are two women, a hunched figure, a woman with an elegant face, the Butterfly Valley Master and the Butterfly Valley Patriarch, and a man, who is pale but contains a rude aura.

"This Xiao Yan is truly extraordinary."

"Let him go to Ten Thousand Demons to join the army on behalf of our Butterfly Valley. I am afraid that this guy will stand in a rather tyrannical area in the demon world in the future." At this time, the Butterfly Valley Ancestor said slightly, speaking to Xiao Yan in his voice. Although he sent Xiao Yan to besiege Xuanshan out of selfishness and a deal, he was quite happy to hear Xiao Yan's achievements like this.

If there is no Xiao Yan, I am afraid that it will take a lot of strength to face the Seven Star Fighting Immortals. That kind of price is obviously not acceptable to the ancestor of Butterfly Valley.

"En." Several people nodded and slowly planned the remaining steps.

In the next few days, Xiao Yan's life was relatively stable. He had the exclusive demonization method of the Butterfly Valley ancestor. Now Xiao Yan is also full of demonic energy. I am afraid that even some big demons in the demon world are extremely difficult to see through Xiao Yan. Identity, and the outside world, the demon Xuanzong's powerhouse has no leader, and now it is like a scattered sand, being driven out by Butterfly Valley.

Ten days later, in the Butterfly Valley training ground.

"Brother Xiao Yan's strength is really embarrassing." At this time, a group of strong people from Butterfly Valley quietly appeared here, and Xiao Yan was in front of him, and everyone was talking and laughing.

"Thank you for the past few days, senior." Xiao Yan is not too pretentious. These spirits in Butterfly Valley are quite friendly, and as the first stop of his demon world, they have helped Xiao Yan a lot. This thank you said Sincerely.

"You brat is very talented, I'm afraid it will cause a wave of heat in the demon world in the future."

"If it wasn't for my heart, I'm afraid I would force you to keep me no matter what." Butterfly Valley Valley Master nodded slightly and said with a smile.

"This time, Die Qi will also send you to the Myriad Monster Country."

"But remember, little guy, I personally recommend it to you. Although it can avoid a lot of trouble, you still need to be **** yourself. There are too many strong people in the Myriad Demon Nation, so you need to be more careful."

"However, there is also a stage for a group of heroes to compete, and it should be very suitable for you." After Shunxi, a graceful figure stood beside the Butterfly Valley ancestor, but this girl is very different from the past. I am afraid these times are under the training of the Butterfly Valley ancestor. , mastered the true power in the Butterfly Valley.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly.

"I heard from Dieqi that you came here to look for the Demon Fate Cave. That thing may only get news after entering the ancient battlefield. After all, it is too mysterious and dangerous. Ordinary monsters don't have any information at all." Butterfly Valley ancestor asked. road.

"When you send Lord Xiao Yan to the Ten Thousand Demons Country, you will go to Lord Six Tails. I have already told Lord Six Tails in advance that she will take good care of you." He shook his head slowly, as if referring to a sad past.

"Well, thank you ancestor." At this moment, Die Qi also whispered, and her heart couldn't help but feel comfortable.

Originally, as the eldest lady of Butterfly Valley, if there is no accident in the future, I am afraid that I will inherit the Butterfly Valley, but with the appearance of Xiao Yan, some things buried in the heart of the Butterfly Valley ancestors were also revealed, so I decided to let Die pray. Go and give it a try.

Butterfly Valley's strength, even in the Myriad Demon Nation, can definitely be ranked in the second echelon, but the ancestor of Butterfly Valley and some forces in the Myriad Demon Nation were at odds and could only leave the Myriad Demon Nation to come here, but The dusty misunderstanding still needs to be resolved by future generations, and the ancestor of Butterfly Valley also hopes to return to the Myriad Demon Nation one day.

"Tear it!" With a sound, the old ancestor of Butterfly Valley waved his palm on the void of the training ground, and a space crack brewed.

The directional crack in space can directly reach the Myriad Demon Nation from here.

"Let's go The other Butterfly Valley powerhouses nodded and said immediately.

"Farewell!" With a cold snort, Xiao Yan took Die Qi directly into the space rift and headed towards the Myriad Monster Nation.

"Old Ancestor, if you send Die Qi out like this, will it be counterproductive, where is Lord Six Tails..." Following Xiao Yan's departure, many of the powerhouses here were also worried.

"Don't worry, Die Qi will follow Lord Xiao Yan, and I'm afraid she will have a lot of achievements in the future. You can watch it."

"After all, this guy is Lord Heisha Longwolf..." At the end of the sentence, the place is quiet and maintains its proper order. It seems that the ancestors of Butterfly Valley have used their special monster talent to see from Xiao Yan. It's like something obscure.

On the other side, Xiao Yan and Die Qi, who were in the crack of time and space, were tortured by the crack of time and space at this time, so because of Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power, it was also miserable.

However, this kind of space crack, I am afraid that only the old ancestor of Butterfly Valley, a strong man who had been in the Myriad Monster Nation, can display it.