Chapter 115: flaw!

?? After stepping back a few steps, the scarred elder stabilized his figure, stared gloomily at the rosy patch above his fist due to the high temperature burn, and roared in a low voice: "This flame. So strange?"

The milky white flame on Xiao Yan's heavy ruler just now was naturally seen by this scarred elder, but he didn't think about that level. After all, holy flames are too rare, but as soon as he came into contact with them, he suddenly discovered that the blood-red energy that the three of them fused together had turned into some emptiness under the burning of the milky white flame. Just now suddenly a shock.

Moreover, the milky white flame was not only that, but when the three of them joined forces to attack Xiao Yan, a slightly small flame streaked straight into their hearts.

The seemingly small flames just appeared in the hearts of the three of them, which swallowed their fighting spirit and disturbed their minds, so they had to pump their energy to guard against it!

With his knowledge, he naturally knows very well that even this blood-red energy is an illusory flame, an absolutely ordinary flame, and in this Doudi Continent, the only one who can do this is the most illusory flame. Only the terrible holy flame can do it.

"It's not holy flame, the power of holy flame is far more powerful than this flame." Elder Scar was obviously the leader of the three, and he said solemnly after a brief surprise.

Seeing that Elder Scar actually suffered a dark loss, the expressions of the two elders after him also sank slightly. They really underestimated this kid.

"Chi Zesheng changed, let's do it together and kill him!" Elder Scar stared at Xiao Yan with **** eyes, waved his palm, and said solemnly.

Hearing this, the other two elders also nodded. They are cunning and cunning, and they naturally know what it means to capsize a ship in a sewer. The elder Scar had already suffered a loss because of his care.

It is difficult to guarantee whether this kid still has other cards, so it is better to clean it up as soon as possible.

Now that he has made up his mind, the three elders of the Mu family will naturally not have the slightest delay. The three figures flashed out at the same time. In just one breath, they bullied Xiao Yan, and then suddenly dispersed, forming a triangular formation. Surrounded by Xiao Yan.

Seeing the three of them act like this, Xiao Yan frowned slightly, and he could clearly feel it. All of his retreats have been blocked by three people, and in this formation, he has no choice but to face the opponent's attack head-on.

"This Mu family really has some ways, but I don't know why you are willing to be a lackey for Wucheng?" A flash of surprise flashed in his heart. smashed over.

"Bang!"

The heavy ruler fell, and a figure flashed out, but it was the scarred elder. At this moment, his palms were enveloped by blood-colored energy, and faintly transformed into a pair of huge bear paws. When Xiao Yan smashed the heavy ruler, he turned out to be Directly probing the bear's paw, is to forcefully grab the heavy ruler.

His palm twitched, but the heavy ruler did not move at all. Xiao Yan's expression darkened slightly, his mind moved, and a rich milky white flame gushed out quickly, and under the scorching of this strange fire, the huge blood-colored energy bear's palm suddenly emitted There was a sound of chi chi, and bursts of white smoke came out, but he was unwilling to relax at all, and suddenly a roar, the blue veins on his arms swelled, and a terrifying force erupted immediately. Chi Ke forcibly grabbed it.

The Yihuo Heng ancient ruler was forcibly taken away, but Xiao Yan didn't even lift his eyelids, the silver light flashed under his feet, and his body swept out violently, and afterimages loomed behind him.

The Yihuo Heng ancient ruler left his hand, and Xiao Yan's aura also skyrocketed. Without the mysterious effect of the Yihuo Heng ancient ruler to suppress the fighting qi, Xiao Yan is the real peak at this moment!

Such a distance, under Xiao Yan's flickering, almost reached in the blink of an eye, his fist clenched suddenly, the middle knuckle protruded strangely, and immediately slammed into Elder Scar's chest.

"Eight extremes collapse!" When the fist was only half a foot away from Elder Scar's chest, an extremely strong energy suddenly erupted. Under this energy, the air was streaked with a faint trace. The high-pitched sound of tearing, humming, resounded in his ears.

It is an eight extreme collapse! Don't look at this eight-pole collapse is just a fighting skill of Xuanjie, but even the three elders of the Mu family in front of them can't detect it when they are distracted and go out to resist the strange flames in the body.

Speaking of Xiao Yan's strength at the level of Dou Di, the eight extreme collapses he displayed may sometimes achieve miraculous effects!

"Bang!"

At such a distance, the three elders were distracted and went out to expel the traces of flames in their bodies, so even the scarred elders couldn't escape, so they could only take Xiao Yan's blow.

Terrible strength burst out from the scar's chest. At that moment, a concave shape appeared in the former's chest, and his footsteps also stepped back several steps, before he shook his shoulders and forcibly stabilized his body. shape.

"Cough, cough, cough!" The scar elder also spewed out a mouthful of blood.

"Kill him for me!" Then he said angrily.

With one blow, Elder Scar was repelled, and when he retreated, Xiao Yan's brows suddenly wrinkled slightly With his excellent soul perception, he found that this blow made this Elder Scar's The breath has weakened a lot.

Don't look at the strange fire in Xiao Yan's body is not comparable to the holy flame, but it is also the fusion of twenty-three different fires. The scene that just appeared is that Xiao Yan used the characteristics of nothingness to swallow the flame and the pure lotus demon fire to disturb the three elders. In his heart, otherwise Xiao Yan would not have succeeded so easily.

The third-ranked Jinglian Demon Fire has the special effect of purifying all things. As long as anything is stained with it, it will be purified into nothingness. It can even be guided by human emotions and enter the body. Purified into nothingness.

The second-ranked Void Swallowing Flame also has the ability to devour all things.

Therefore, the three elders had to twitch most of their strength to guard against the sudden flames in their hearts.

Thoughts flickered in his heart, Xiao Yan's reaction was not slow. With a low drink, milky white flames rushed out of his body like a volcanic eruption, and in an instant, it solidified into a milky white fire armor on his body.

The fire armor condensed, and the strong wind followed, and immediately bombarded the thick layer of fire armor, bursting out a majestic energy that even the space was shaking a little.

Suffering such a heavy blow, Xiao Yan groaned from his throat, silver light flickered under his feet, and his figure swept away like a swimming fish.

When the elder saw Xiao Yan hit by a punch, he sneered, and instead of chasing after him, he took a step back.

"Brother, are you alright?" The two of them hurriedly went to Elder Scar and asked.

"Cough, cough, I'm fine."

"Xiao Yan? You can't escape today!" Elder Scar also swallowed a few pills, and then said slowly.

Three shifts! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: