Chapter Vol 4 1189: deserted village

After about three hours, everyone saw a building on a mountain at an altitude of several thousand meters, and they slowly lowered the height of the flying beast.

"Just land here."

"These flying beasts are specially trained, let them go back first." Jade Legacy said immediately after arriving on the ground.

"Yes." Everyone heard the words and jumped off the back of the beast.

These flying beasts have been specially trained by others. They can be summoned when needed. If they are not needed, they can be entered into the scroll first.

However, this scroll also has a time limit, that is, the flying beast can only be inhabited for three days, and it cannot be used for more than three days.

"Okay, let's walk over." Yu Xiaoye slowly put the flying beast into the scroll, and then said.

After everyone crossed a small hill, they stood in the distance and saw a small village less than three miles away from them.

"Why are there so many curling smokes in this village?"

"Could it be that they are doing some kind of worship?"

"But we usually pass by here, and we haven't found any customs here..." The land monkey couldn't help but said, looking at the smoke rising from the village.

"Cooking smoke?" But Xiao Yan's originally calm expression became vigilant.

"There is a smell of blood around here." The next moment, Xiao Yan said seriously.

"Oh..." As Xiao Yan said this, among the four people next to him, except for the land monkey, the other three all cast a strange look at Xiao Yan.

The water element is quite sensitive to smells, so it is not difficult to find it naturally. In addition to the strong strength of the thunder element and the jade legacy, it is normal to discover it, but Xiao Yan actually discovered it in the early stage of One Star Fighting Immortal, which made everyone He couldn't help but look at Xiao Yan differently.

It seems that this emperor-rank third-grade pharmacist really has some strength.

"Captain Yu, why didn't you leave?" The crowd just stopped for a few minutes, when suddenly, a voice like a silver bell from Liu Qing came from behind.

"Something happened, but it's okay." Yu Yi said with a smile.

"It seems that these guys are all working for Liu Qing." As the conversation between Liu Qing and Yu Yifeng fell, Xiao Yan's guess was confirmed to some extent.

"All vigilance."

"Let's go." And Yu Yifeng is worthy of being the leader of the team. He still didn't panic when he encountered this kind of thing. He said something slowly, and then walked towards the village.

At this time, the village was in a mess, and the fire was slowly burning here. Only some people were running around like crazy, and there seemed to be some mysterious people in the village who were asking questions. what.

"Say!"

"Where is the location of Ice and Fire Island!" A man covered in black clothes held a man who had fled in the hand and asked fiercely.

"What is Fire and Ice Island, I... I don't know!" The man who was caught was shocked and extremely uneasy.

"Pfft." Before the apprehensive man could finish his words, his throat was cut off by the mysterious man, and all his vitality was lost.

"My lord, I pressed nearly a thousand people in this village, and no one knew the location of Icefire Island." After a while, some men in black came to the man just now and said respectfully.

"Where's the village elder here?" The mysterious man said coldly.

"It seems to have run away..." Being taught such a lesson by the mysterious man, the other powerhouses became afraid.

"A bunch of trash!"

"Even if you dig three feet into the ground, find him for me!"

"He is one of the few people who knows the location of Ice and Fire Island!"

"Do you understand?" the mysterious man said.

"Yes, my lord!" After hearing the words, many men in black said respectfully, and then dispersed.

"Susu." At the next moment, a faint light suddenly appeared on the bodies of those obliterated figures, and all of them converged on the mysterious man. Those lights even had fluctuations like soul power!

"My lord, my lord, save us!" Just as Xiao Yan and his group arrived at the foot of the village, an old man hurried out.

The old man looked flustered, and even his clothes were disheveled, obviously he had experienced something.

"Old man, what happened?" The Land Monkey took the brunt of the matter and stepped forward to ask.

Although Yu Yifeng's team had passed through this place, they only passed through it and did not go deep into it, which made them unfamiliar with the people in this village.

"My lord, I beg you all to save us." The old man seemed to be crying, and his eyes turned to Yu Yifeng. Obviously, of all the people here, only Yuyifeng gave the old man a breath from his soul. deep fear.

"What's the matter?" Yu Yifeng also said when he heard the words.

"My lord, our deserted village has always had good weather, but a group of mysterious people just arrived, indiscriminately killing people in our village. What kind of deep hatred is this." The old man said sadly.

Obviously, there are not many strong people in their deserted village. Most of them are just ordinary strong people. Even the old man in front of him is only a four-star fighting emperor. He has no idea why he attracted many strong people to besiege their village.

"Have you offended anyone?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Who did you offend?" The old man heard this, his eyes slowly moved, and he seemed to stop talking.

"Come on, otherwise we won't have time to waste time here." The land monkey was still smiling, and immediately realized that the old man lied to ~ and cursed.

"No."

"Our deserted village has never been in contact with the outside world, how can we offend others..." The old man pretended to be puzzled.

"It seems that this village has a secret." Xiao Yan was also a clever person, and he immediately had an idea in his heart.

"Let's go around this village, let's go." Yu Yifeng naturally noticed the scene where the old man's eyes rolled just now, and couldn't help but say, and everyone was ready to go around.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"You...you don't go!"

"Wait!" Seeing this, the old man hurriedly shouted, but Xiao Yan and his party ignored them and left slowly.

"I remembered!"

"The person headed by the mysterious people seems to be forcing the location of Icefire Island!" Seeing Xiao Yan and the others getting farther and farther away, the old man hurriedly said.

"Are you finally willing to speak..."

"Ice Fire Island, what is that?" Following the old man's words, Xiao Yan laughed at first, then looked puzzled again, and cast his eyes on Yu Yifeng.

"Let's go."

"Except for their leader, none of them will stay!" But when he heard the old man's words, Yu Yifeng stopped, and then looked at the village not far away, a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth, and his voice was full of Share chill meaning.

Its aura is fierce, and it is extremely terrifying like a lion preparing to show off its grand plans!