Chapter Vol 4 2107: Demon power, tear the jury!

"Boom!" The entire sky began to shake violently uncontrollably, and Xiao Yan's body also took advantage of the opportunity to log into the sky, and wisps of dark clouds appeared, completely wrapping Xiao Yan's entire body, a special touch Changes are slowly unfolding.

The power of the devil has completely spread, making a comeback!

But everyone can clearly feel the incomparable evil power in the dark cloud, and the awe-inspiring evil spirit that is recovering in Xiao Yan's body inside it, the horror level can't even be described in words!

The monstrous evil power is invincible!

"This, this..." At this moment, the entire medicine world became quiet, and some forces couldn't help shaking their voices. Obviously, the scene in front of them has surpassed their cognition and subverted their world!

What exactly is that kind of power in Xiao Yan?

Unheard, unseen!

It is as evil as the alien race, but it has some similarities and differences with the alien race?

"This devil is really Xiao Yan?"

"But Elder Ling, you're not talking about the Xiao clan... I don't believe it." Ling Zixi was firmly guarded by Elder Lingxi, watching Xiao Yan's rising evil aura, he was speechless for a while.

The Xiao clan is recognized as a giant in the world. The people of the Xiao clan are all people who uphold the justice of heaven and earth, and it is absolutely impossible to be such a devil!

"I don't know either, but he is indeed a descendant of the Xiao clan." Old Lingxi could only shake his head, and Xiao Yan could only wait and see what happened.

Although they are the late Eight Star Fighting Immortals, the power of the Holy See is even better and tyrannical than them!

And believers have angel wings. Among the opponents of the same level, because of the existence of angel wings, once they fight, they will undoubtedly fall into the disadvantage, so they dare not act rashly. After all, they represent the entire race. The Holy See, with such a resolute demeanor of the Holy See, I am afraid that they will also be affected.

However, if the Holy See is really ambitious and tries to obliterate everyone here, I believe they will not hesitate to let go of their sectarian views and join forces to fight the enemy!

"Patriarch, what are you doing now?" Yao Xuanyi, Yaoyun and other high-level officials surrounded Yao Wanyuan, and immediately muttered.

"Since Xiao Yan is a descendant of the Xiao clan, this time, no matter what, we cannot let him fall."

"Get ready, it's time to settle the old and new hatreds for so many years." After Yao Wanwan finished speaking, the madness in his body also started to squirm.

The Yao Clan and the Xiao Clan have a close relationship. Even if the Xiao Clan disappears for countless years without any reason, it is difficult to erase the relationship between the two. In addition to the excessive actions of the Holy See against the Yao Clan, Yao Wan has a final result. Decide.

"Patriarch, what do you mean?" Yaoyun's body was shocked and suspiciously asked.

"As of now, there's only that thing."

"And the Holy See is probably not just for Xiao Yan this time, I always feel that they have other goals. After all, the strength of the two believers and the ruling group is enough to deal with reincarnation, and a mere Seven Star Fighting Immortal is complete. There is even a strange power beyond the sky." As soon as the words fell, the people of the Yao family also started to act.

"Judgment!"

"It's time to show your allegiance to the God of Angels!"

"Show all your skills, absolutely can't let this devil come here completely!"

"Kill him at all costs!" Liu Hao couldn't help roaring when Xiao Yan finally revealed his true colors.

Just as dozens of cultivators of the adjudication group were wriggling, there was a sound that shook the world from the dark clouds in the sky.

"Boom!" The black cloud shattered in an instant, and an evil shadow wrapped in dark green energy evil clothes stood in the sky. The dark green pupil reflected the whole world, but the image in its pupil, everything was dead silent. , quite bleak.

Looking up, everyone could feel an extremely fierce death intent emanating from the demon Xiao Yan, and even the dark green energy on the evil figure was wriggling and burning like a flame, revealing an earth-shattering feeling. The strong breath of the air, even the void was shocked by the cracks!

"This...is this the devil?"

"Judgment!"

"Array!"

"Pentacle Array, Holy Light!"

Dozens of adjudication panel cultivators flashed a wave of extreme hatred in their eyes, and then they spoke in unison, and their bodies moved in an orderly manner.

Everyone together formed a mysterious pentagram array, and the pentagrams appeared on the body, showing the endless holiness!

Xiao Yan was overlooked by the sacred aura of the pentagram star formation, and was burned by the white sacred flame, but from beginning to end, he did not move a step, allowing the powerhouse of the adjudication group to attack.

At this moment, looking up at Dudu, Xiao Yan's demon body is already dozens of meters tall, but everyone is extremely puzzled. He is clearly a person, but his body is covered with a layer of dark green evil clothes composed of demon energy. Above it, energy squirmed like thin sand.

After the rest, the light energy of everyone in the adjudication group gathered into a dazzling pentagram light spot, which fell directly on Xiao Yan, but did not stir up any waves.

The Devil's Evil Clothes are incomplete, it seems like a half-finished piece of clothing, as thin as a veil, but every wriggling movement reveals an awe-inspiring wave of evil spirits.

Seeing the majestic momentum like mountains and rivers in the body of the demon Xiao Yan, how could the powerhouses present think that the power contained in this demon is so powerful!

Is this really a force that humans can control?

"Squeak."

The demon's evil clothes swayed in the wind, and the dazzling divine power on those five-pointed stars was like a grain of sand, being gently brushed away by Xiao Yan.

The dazzling pentagram was swept down by Xiao Yan, and immediately fell towards the bottom. It was easily turned into a ray of light and disappeared in the air.

"Pfft!"

"Pfft!" In the blink of an eye, all the members of the adjudication team fell from the air, spitting blood, and their eyes were even more indifferent.

With their Seven Star Fighting Immortals and Eight Star Fighting Immortals judging panel jointly displayed, the sacred and inviolable pentagram star formation, using the light of the gods to purify the devil, actually failed to resist a single move, and was defeated by Xiao Yan?

"Hoohoho!" Xiao Yan smiled charmingly, not intending to let go of the jury.

Above the body, the demon's evil clothes wriggled, and countless dark green liquids formed a dark tide, which suddenly rippled, and immediately rushed towards the number of guards who fell down. They are all over the place!

"This guy is crazy!"

"Defend well!" Several of the leaders of the jury couldn't help roaring, Xiao Yan's power was too mysterious and mysterious, making them hard to guard against!

There was a hint of sarcasm at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, his body trembled violently, his body standing in the sky leaned towards the bottom, collapsed, and suddenly stomped his feet towards the bottom!

"Boom!" As Xiao Yan stomped his demon toes, countless voids solidified, and waves of death lingered in everyone's heart.

Looking at the demon above the sky, playing with the extremely tyrannical jury in the palm of his hand, and a strong man below, his face became strange, and a sluggishness and doubts emerged!

What kind of monster is this Xiao Yan?

This time, will the Holy See judge the devil or the devil will kill the Holy See?

It seems that the outcome of the battle has become blurred!