Chapter Vol 4 1803: 1 rain, to evil soul rain!

With such a scene between Xiao Yan and the Dark Underworld, the outside world is also engaged in an extremely fierce battle.

"Boom!" The dazzling two-color energy ripples continuously scattered from the void at the top of the lair, and the blood-colored chains directly locked the evil sword completely. The destructive energy ripples moved frantically here, and soon formed a furnace at the bottom of the nest.

The furnace rose from the ground, occupying most of the space, and several sinners in the field joined forces to display a majestic destructive power, completely rendering the bottom of the lair into a real battlefield of flames, even the huge evil tree, also because The attacks of Soul Flame and Protector White became shaky, and the tree body was damaged to varying degrees.

"Bang bang bang!" With a sound, Protector Bai fell from the sky like a corpse, covered in scars, like a living dead, not even a trace of anger.

"Susu... This is the end of going against our Soul Palace!"

"Blood-colored furnace, swallow it for me!"

"Destroy everything here!" Seeing Protector Bai so tragic, a hint of sneer burst out from Soul Yan's hideous face.

The power of belief can only be mastered by stepping into the reincarnation, but what they secretly researched in the Soul Palace has already solved this problem. Now, with a little bit of the power of belief, a powerhouse of the same level in the hands of Soul Flame can be defeated. Its easy to kill.

"Protection White!" Seeing Protector White being so miserable, the other sinners snorted coldly.

"Forget it, he's already dead." At this moment, a special evil aura flashed on Gamma's dark green hair, and his eyes were fixed on the blood-colored furnace that continued to devour humans and sea beasts below!

The blood-colored furnace is just like a vicious dog crawling from hell. Its evil and **** aura directly forms a furnace vortex. Every time the furnace vortex wriggles, it will devour many humans and sea beasts, and then there will be a faint black luster. Flying towards Soul Flame, after Soul Flame absorbs this power, its strength actually has a faint surge!

"This guy seems to be quite difficult to deal with." At this moment, Gamma's expression was no longer flickering, but his eyes were solemn.

The two hall masters of the Soul Palace attacked with their subordinates and used the power of faith to obliterate the White Protector. The current situation has exceeded their expectations, but in any case, they must wait until Lord Mal successfully catalyzes the maturity of the devil fruit. Otherwise, everything will be in vain!

"Boom!" The furnace whirlpool is like a demon, madly devouring everything at the bottom of the lair, making the space full of extreme unease.

"No, let's go on like this..." At this moment, Ji Xuan glanced, and the ancient vines wrapped around him, and went directly to the place of the dark underworld.

Even though the vortex of the furnace is tyrannical, it can't cause any harm to the Dark Underworld. Before Ji Xuan clearly saw Xiao Yan standing on the shoulders of the Dark Underworld, a bold idea emerged.

"Bang bang bang!"

"What's the matter?" Ji Xuan's figure just came to the side of the dark underworld, and the dark underworld was like a giant dragon who had just woken up from a deep sleep. The fluctuations of the sky and the earth stimulate everyone's senses.

"This guy... what's going on?" At this time, not only Ji Xuan had doubts, but even other sinners, everyone in the Soul Hall looked at the sturdy body and destructive power of the Dark Underworld, and hesitated.

"Hun Yan, what's going on?" Hun Wuji was also anxious. With his strength, he couldn't stop this guy at all, so he could only helplessly roar at Soul Yan behind him.

"I don't know, but my connection with him has been cut off." Soul Yan's eyes were cold, and he said word by word.

"There is a human on the shoulders of the Dark Hades!"

"Look!" I don't know who said it, and everyone looked at it, and they really found a person on the shoulders of the dark underworld warrior's black armor.

The Dark Underworld is like a knight, and the figure standing on his shoulder is just like an inconspicuous grain of sand, but it is this gap that makes everyone shudder!

"This little beast!"

"Hun Wuji, let's take action together and catch this guy for me!" Seeing this scene, Hun Yan didn't know what to do, and cold sweat broke out from his back.

The power of the Dark Underworld is higher than that of the Dark Knight, but at this time, a creature of this level actually quietly obeys the command of a human who is only in the late stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal?

If it is said that there is nothing strange in it, I am afraid no one will believe it.

"I'm afraid...it's too late!" At this time, Soul Wuji shrank his eyes tightly and noticed something.

"Tick tock!" For a time, the void at the top of the nest suddenly wriggled violently, and raindrops fell silently from the sky, as if the sky was crying and angry.

"There's something wrong with this raindrop!"

"Defend quickly!" Soul Wuji was extremely puzzled, and suddenly raised his palm, and a drop of rain fell on his palm lightly. At that time, his pupils suddenly shrank, and he roared at the Soul Palace powerhouse behind him.

The raindrops are only the size of sand grains, but they are a strange dark green color, and even relying on Soul Wuji's superb soul power, I feel an unprecedented terror from it!

"A big gift for you, Xie Yu..." At this time, a demonic voice sounded like a real demon teasing them.

"Tick tock!" The dark green evil rain dripped on the bottom of the nest, and the unconscious humans and sea beasts that were suddenly contaminated with the evil rain suddenly opened their eyes, and there was a turbid black luster in them. .

"Master!" For a time, as the area covered by the evil rain became larger and larger, countless creatures woke up. Their eyes were strange, flickering with turbid ink-colored light, looking up at the evil tripod in the center of the canopy of the evil tree, and said in unison. .

The momentum is mighty, as if Tianwei is roaring like a **** dog!

"Master!" On the other hand, apart from the sinners who were not controlled by the evil rain, even under the baptism of the evil rain, the scars on their bodies healed at a speed visible to the naked eye. Apart from the two hall masters, everyone else was completely controlled by this evil rain!

A rain, the rain of evil souls, has completely rewritten the already one-sided battle situation!

The evil rain was dripping down like a torrential rain, and it contained some mysterious power that could easily control people's hearts. For a time, it formed a sharp contrast with the vortex of the furnace.

Countless soul fires erupted from the vortex of the furnace, and the dark green evil rain continued to drip down on the dark underworld. At this moment, the dark underworld stopped and was wearing black armor, which was continuously eroded by these strange and evil forces.

But the dark underworld warrior stands in place like a stubborn stone, and the fire of the soul can't wear his black armor. Even if the evil rain is weird, it can't cause any damage to it!

It is like an ancient emperor with a very noble identity, mocking and questioning these weak forces!