Chapter Vol 4 1453: melee!

"Let's go too." Xiao Yan walked back and forth gently in the busy city, his attention was always on Mu Xi in the medicine pavilion not far away.

In the medicine pavilion, the transaction is easily completed, but the cage that imprisoned the combination of human and ghost is not included in the collection ring, and can only be carried with you, so it is also a hassle. Just imagine carrying such a huge cage with you. It's convenient, and it's easy to be noticed that something is wrong. At that time, things like killing people and stealing goods will also happen from time to time.

"Senior, can you send someone to send me back to my residence?" Mu Xi reluctantly exchanged the treasures of their Xiyun Pavilion for the treasures of the pavilion. If they didn't get the shocking discovery in the end, I'm afraid his father would give it to him. Beaten to death.

And there is still a long distance between this busy city and the Sifang City where they live. Above that distance, there are few people and it is the best time to be secretly attacked, so Mu Xi brought such a big cage, He could only ask the middle-aged man from the Zhubaohui for help.

"I still have something to do... This matter is incompetent." After the man of the Zhubaohui finished speaking, he also left here in a hurry. Obviously, this is the rule of their Zhubaohui. Just make wedding dresses for others.

"This immortal!" The man who watched the Zhubaohui left directly, leaving behind Mu Xi and the cage, and Mu Xi scolded immediately.

Walking in Sifang City with such a conspicuous cage will definitely become the object of everyone's hostility, and I have already paid such a painful price. The top priority is to send the things back to the residence first, and then my father and the strong in the cabinet, Naturally, the secret will be cracked.

"I hope you don't disappoint me." Mu Xi slowly came to the cage, then squatted down, looked at the strange young man in the cage, and spoke slowly, his voice full of enthusiasm.

"Boom!" The young man seemed to be restrained by the power of confinement emanating from the cage all the time, so when Mu Xi drank it like this, his pupils suddenly trembled, and he roared at him as violent as a soul beast.

"Really a lunatic... can't even speak human words?"

"Forget it, let's go." In an instant, Mu Xi took the cage, avoided many people, and headed back to the residence, but he was secretly locked by many people along the way.

Xiyun Pavilion's residence is in the east of Sifang, with Xiao Yan and the others, but they live on a certain mountain range, so if they want to go back, they must pass through a sparsely populated area, and there, even if it is The powerhouses of Tianming Villa are often ignored, so this place has become the last ambush point.

"So many people?" Xiao Yan had just come here to hide behind a stone, and suddenly the dazzling soul force found that there were some powerful guys around this stone forest, and the strength of these guys was at least three-star Dou Xian. level.

Stone Forest, this is the place that leads to their Xiyun Pavilion residence, a lush, special area where countless stone forests emerge.

"The value of the combination of human and ghost cannot be measured, and I don't know what is going on inside Tianming Villa, but it will be put up for auction. If this matter is known to the master of the plane, I am afraid that Tianming Villa will be punished. After all, the anger power of the superiors is enough to destroy the world."

"A human-ghost combination, if it is truly successful in cultivation in the future, I am afraid it will be the most tyrannical existence in the ghost world." The Lord of Soul Eater smiled.

"Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuusly, Xiao Yan only listened to Soul Eater's words. The next moment, at the entrance of the stone forest, a familiar figure appeared slowly, dragging a rather large cage.

The man is Mu Xi, and the cage in his hand is the thing that seals the combination of human and ghost, but at this time, the aura of the combination of human and ghost is quite weak, and even the pupils are tightly closed, and there is no resistance at all.

"If there are so many people...don't be in a hurry." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the core inscription in his body kept wriggling, and a dazzling array of patterns continued to condense in the center of the palm, which was also filled with a colorless energy stone.

The emergence of the formation stones and formation patterns made Xiao Yan ready to fight.

"This friend is in the lower winds." After a while, a man with a strong body slowly took a step forward, came directly in front of him, and said with a smile on his face.

"Feng Ling?"

"The guy from Nanzhou?" Mu Xi naturally knew that it would not be easy to go back to his residence smoothly, but Nanzhou was the weakest place in the surrounding area, and this Feng Ling's strength was only a half-step three-star Dou Xian, which made Mu Xi slow down. Slowly shaking his head, he dared to come and kill with such a weak strength, he looked down on himself too much.

"Pfft." Without the slightest hesitation, Mu Xi's figure skyrocketed, and then a dazzling vindictive energy filled his body, and his entire body was like a sharp blade, stabbing directly at Feng Ling.

"Wood-grained reef wall!" In an instant, Feng Ling's bright smile turned into a heavy touch, and then a dazzling wood-attribute grudge emerged in an instant.

"Crash!" Feng Ling's wood-attribute vindictive energy just emerged, and immediately brought a burst of strong vitality of all things, and then formed a green barrier with a size of dozens of meters around it.

Above the green barrier, it has an extremely tyrannical defense, but even so, under Mu Xi's attack, it has become shaky.

"What a hard turtle shell." Mu Xi jumped back without a hit, and then came directly to the cage, staring at this guy. Although this guy is weak, his first-hand wood attribute defense is used. Handy.

"Brother Huang, let's do it."

"Otherwise, things will change." In an instant, a roar walked towards a certain place in the stone forest, and suddenly a burly man with a sturdy aura in his eyes, like a mountain, suddenly jumped from the shadows and came. to the battlefield.

"Myriad Body Sect... Huang Lei, I didn't expect you to join forces..." Seeing the man in front of him appearing, Mu Xi couldn't help sneering.

Ten Thousand Body Sect, this is a force located on Beizhou. They are extremely low-key, but in terms of body arts they have unique insights, so their overall strength is also among the best in Beizhou.

"I think you may be mistaken."

"Our Myriad Body Sect does things, never need to unite with others to kill you, just to repay this guy's kindness." Feng Huanglei smiled slightly, but in that smile, there was a very bright killing intent.

"Stop talking nonsense, do it!"

"You hold it, I'll take that cage away, don't fight, once you succeed, leave immediately." Feng Ling said seriously.

"Zirazia!" The next moment,

"What a tyrannical force, this guy's power is too terrifying." Until now, Mu Xi's face was slightly moved because of Huang Lei's strength. It is exactly the same as himself, and it is also in the middle stage of Samsung Fighting Immortals!

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!