Chapter Vol 4 1981: Analyze the situation!

"Crack!"

The void shattered, and a black-shirted man appeared slightly. His thick shoulders directly rested on the delicate body that was attached to Cailin. A trace of long-lost warmth accompanied by a soft touch made people quite comfortable.

"who!"

"You dare to break into the forbidden area of ​​the endless fire zone, you can't find death!" Just now, I was silent in the sadness and thoughts, and I was unaware of this sudden breath approaching. drink coldly.

"Why... you want to murder your husband!" Xiao Yan didn't care, he suddenly opened his hands and embraced Cailin directly, with a playful sound coming from the corner of his mouth, but in those eyes, too There was a trace of tears.

"Xiao Yan..." Seeing such a familiar scene, Cailin's strength slowly dissipated, and her majesty's appearance of the past was gone, like a weak woman with no strength to hold a chicken, threw herself in Xiao Yan's arms, sobbing uncontrollably. .

"I want to go back to Dou Qi Continent." While crying, he spoke softly, with a rare tenderness in his voice. Obviously, this was the first time Xiao Yan had seen the former high-ranking queen with such a small daughter.

"When I find Xun'er and take her with me, our family of four will go back together." Xiao Yan could only secretly stroke Cailin's long slender hair, comforting.

"En." When Cai Lin heard the words, she slowly calmed down, and immediately opened her hands and slowly pressed against Xiao Yan, with an indescribable peace of mind.

"Cailin, Yingying, I've worked hard for you these days." Xiao Yan said lightly, and at the same time took Cailin and Yingying into his arms, and said softly, he knew that the development of the Endless Fire Territory deserved the most credit. It was the two of them.

"Mistress, there are several unidentified powerhouses in the space-time wormhole. They are powerful, and I hope you will deal with them quickly." It wasn't long before this warm feeling lasted for a few minutes, Xiao Yan Before he could do something bad, he was broken by a rushing figure.

"Okay, you Yanchi." Xiao Yan's head was covered with black lines, and by random sensing he knew that the person who came was Yanchi of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal level.

"Almost forgot about business, let's go, let's go together." Xiao Yan said with reluctance to let go of his hands.

"Let's go, Sister Cailin." Mu Yingying directly held Cailin's slender hand, and quickly walked outside, even with a hint of anger in her mind.

Just now, Xiao Yan actually wanted to take advantage of the sadness of the two of them, and most importantly, Xiao Yan actually walked towards Sister Cailin without attacking him at all!

This just **** her off!

Looking at the beautiful eyes, I found that the area and volume above the two are indeed not on the same level, but isn't it just the right feeling to hold a small point?

Doesn't it need more space for development?

...

"Stunned?" Looking at Mu Yingying's angry appearance and Cai Lin's strange appearance, Yan Chi outside the study couldn't help but be confused?

What happened to yourself?

"Senior Yanchi, long time no see." After Shun breathed, Xiao Yan's figure and voice followed them.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Hello, Xiao Yan!" Seeing this, Yan Chi slapped Xiao Yan's shoulder with his broad palm, with such force that it was tongue-in-cheek.

Although his brother and sister were rescued by Xiao Yan, Yan Chi only wanted Mu Yingying to find a good husband, how could he think that this guy already had two fragrant boudoirs, he couldn't help roaring.

"Bang Bang." The palm of his hand slapped Xiao Yan's shoulder heavily, but there was no direction.

"Let's go, let's go over and have a look. We will welcome some real partners in the Endless Fire Territory." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he followed directly.

"Woman, Xiao Yan, if you dare to make Yingying suffer a little, I won't let you go." After Yan Chi finished speaking, he also followed.

There is a rather obscure hall in the serpentine group of Xuanling Mountain. The whole body is dark, and the outside is tightly locked by chains. At this time, the inside is inside.

"Mother, this is probably the Xuanling Continent." Mo Ze looked around behind him and said.

"Wait a minute." Feng Wan'er didn't say more, the eight people stood here quietly for a while.

"Senior Feng." Xiao Yan, his second daughter, and Yan Chi came here one after another, and Xiao Yan said immediately.

This hall is impressively the place where the time-space wormhole of the Endless Fire Territory is located. Only some high-ranking people are qualified to step into this place.

"Is this the base camp of your Endless Fire Territory? It's not bad." After Shun's breath, Feng Wan'er's old eyes opened, facing Xiao Yan and said, obviously the whole picture of this area is already under the perception of her soul power. Nothing to hide.

However, the two women around Xiao Yan were quite close to Xiao Yan, even extremely ambiguous. Obviously, the relationship was not ordinary.

"Hey, welcome to the Endless Fire Territory, this is our territory owner, and these two are the two mistresses in the territory..." Yan Chi couldn't help but speak when he saw the strange situation. try to moderate.

"You... yours?" Su Xueying heard the words, her beautiful eyes slowly turned around, and asked Xiao Yan, obviously extremely unbelievable.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly.

"You you you!" Looking at Su Xueying's slender body, Mu Yingying couldn't help but shouted coquettishly, and her beautiful eyes wanted to eat Xiao Yan raw.

"Shabu Shabu!" At the same time, Su Xueying's figure skyrocketed and flew directly towards the outside world, obviously there was a trace of sadness in her beautiful eyes.

"Let's go, let's talk about business, let her be quiet." Feng Wan'er shook her head gently, and immediately walked outside the hall.

"Everyone, please." Xiao Yan nodded, and immediately Xiao Yan and the two mistresses, accompanied by the seven guardians, walked towards the hall together. As for Su Xueying, she was in a rather bad mood at this time and moved towards Xuan Ling. Leaving the mainland is obviously unacceptable for a while.

Although Su Xueying did not have such a profound love between men and women for Xiao Yan, she was still moved by Xiao Yan's repeated attempts to save her. Now that she learned that human beings are married, she originally had a bit of a relationship. Thinking, this kind of behavior will obviously be laughed at by the world.

Of course, Su Xueying is naturally not so weak, but Xiao Yan is the first man with a trace of heart in her It takes some time to forget and downplay this kind of thing.

On the other side, Xiao Yan and the three senior leaders of the Guardian gathered together, obviously preparing to discuss future matters.

"Tell me, what is the form of Dou Di Continent now?"

"What do you need us to do?" Feng Wan'er was the first to speak, obviously their guardians were on the safe side, and the news and intelligence were already out of touch.

"Senior Hui Zhifeng, now Doudi Continent, our Endless Fire Territory has dominated the third, and only Douyun Continent is left."

"Senior brought everyone to join us, which is a great blessing for the Endless Fire Territory."

"With the strong support of the seniors, we will definitely be able to unite the Doudi Continent as soon as possible." Cailin smiled, a light filled with indifference. Obviously, as a queen, whether it is her temperament or her words and deeds, it all reveals a faint prestige. Pressure comes from the coercion of a long-standing high position.

"Really?"

"Then why aren't there any reincarnations in your Endless Fire Territory, even the Eight Star Fighting Immortals?"

"A force of this level is also trying to unify the Dou Di Continent?"

"With your little strength, to challenge Douyun Continent is simply a death sentence. You have no idea of ​​Douyun Continent's lofty status in the human world and even in the world of Daqian! Since you have no sincerity to welcome our participation... Mo Ze, Qian Rui, let's go!" Immediately, a monstrous atmosphere radiated from the old man, and immediately got up and roared.

At this moment, a faint ten-color power emerged from Cailin's body, protecting Xiao Yan and the three of them, but when he looked at Feng Wan'er like this, he frowned slightly.

Obviously this time, we have met a real opponent.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: