Chapter Vol 2 699: Mysterious Fighting Immortal Old Man and Prisoner!

In the pitch-black space, in the center of the figure whose body was penetrated by mysterious chains, a bright red thing slowly beat!

As strong as the heart!

But at this time, Xiao Yan's soul body knew that this thing was the power of holy flame!

And now, although Xiao Yan is only the soul body leaving the body, Xiao Yan can clearly feel that the figure in front of him is exactly the same as the holy flame soul seed that he obtained in the Yin Corpse Forest before!

That is to say, the holy flame in front of me is the same holy flame that I obtained the holy flame soul seed in the Yin Corpse Forest!

But in the next moment, Xiao Yan's brief surprise was replaced by doubt.

"Generally, holy flames will not give birth to holy flame soul species, unless this holy flame is controlled by foreign evil races or some evil people, otherwise."

"Could it be this holy flame?" Xiao Yan stared at the figure carefully.

However, it was found that on the figure's body, a spooky and eerie black gas flowed, if it weren't for the bright red holy flame power at the heart, I'm afraid it would have been corroded and riddled with holes!

"Elder Xuan, I have troubled you to protect the old man here all these years. Your Majesty misses you very much..." Not far from Xiao Yan, two figures slowly appeared.

Of these two figures, one of them, Xiao Yan, is not unfamiliar. He is Wen Zi, the current national teacher of the Xuanling royal family!

At this time, Wen Zi was staring at the old man who was approaching with great respect, and the old man had an old-fashioned appearance, which made people know at a glance that he had gone through a lot of hardships in his early years.

The old man was dressed in plain clothes, with white hair and a white beard, and he seemed to have a rather old-fashioned air, but looking at Wen Zi's attitude towards him, I'm afraid his status was extremely high.

"How has King Xuanling been recently?" the old man said slowly.

"Your Majesty just came back from the Medusa Temple, it's just that thing..." Wen Zi said hesitantly.

"Forget it, I didn't expect that the Medusa clan would actually have a clan with the power of the blood of the real swallowing python, and also obtained the inheritance of the Medusa clan, so be careful." The old man shook his head slowly.

"Okay, let's go here and talk about something else." The old man said immediately after watching Wen Zi walk into the deepest part of some underground palaces.

"Yeah." Wen Zi nodded wisely and turned to leave!

As Wen Zi left, the old man slowly stared at the man pierced by countless mysterious chains, and opened his mouth slightly: "Yan Chi, when you two holy flames, our Xuanling Royal Family dispatched almost all of our strength, only barely Conquer you, as for the other flower, she escaped under your protection, but I believe that with you, she will come back sooner or later."

"Although you have been resisting with the power of holy flames for so many years, we have some cooperation with the ghost world. It seems that the power of holy flames in your body won't last long. Then, it will be the day of your sacrifice!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hahaha!" The old man's roaring laughter slowly echoed in this space!

The pupils of the figure with countless chains running through its body turned black, as if being driven by someone to control the mind, but the bright red heart beat a few times, and then the figure's pupils returned to the real, and stared at a certain space and said: "Youying Ying's taste..."

Xiao Yan was stared at by this figure, and his whole body trembled immediately!

The strength of this figure is simply unfathomable!

Even if Dangdang stared at Xiao Yan like this, Xiao Yan had no will to fight and was defeated without a fight!

Not to mention fighting!

"who!"

"Dare to spy on the local area!" The next moment, the old man's sharp eyes suddenly caught the position of Xiao Yan's soul body, and then a terrifying shout suddenly appeared!

"Damn!"

"I was discovered!" Xiao Yan scolded secretly, and then without hesitation, his figure exploded, and he hurriedly wanted to leave here!

Because of his appearance, but his soul body, once the soul body is lost, it will probably directly affect Xiao Yan's promotion in the future!

"Little devil!"

"Death to this immortal!" The white-haired old man's figure exploded, and the power of life and death in black and white suddenly appeared on the palm of his hand, and then he attacked in the direction where Xiao Yan fled.

"not good!"

"The attack of the Fighting Immortal Powerhouse!" Xiao Yan's speed was fast, and he had no power to fight back in front of the Fighting Immortal Powerhouse. Immediately, a flash of determination flashed in Xiao Yan's eyes, and he decided to self-destruct his soul body. Escape a trace of the soul body, otherwise once the soul body falls, the consequences will be unimaginable!

"Boom boom boom!" Just when Xiao Yan was about to shoot, a fiery red flame suddenly appeared ten meters in front of Xiao Yan!

The fiery red flame was like a elf, slowly protecting Xiao Yan's body, and then suddenly took the attack of the old man fighting immortals!

"Shabu!" The two attacked, and the terrifying power of space destruction came out, and bursts of trembling and shattering power emerged!

"Come on!" A cold voice sounded in Xiao Yan's heart, and then the fiery red flame actually dimmed a bit.

"Thank you, senior!" Xiao Yan naturally knew that this fiery red flame was naturally the thing of the senior who was pierced by the chain. As for why this figure wanted to save himself, it was unknown.

With the cold voice of the figure, Xiao Yan's figure moved and disappeared in this space in an instant!

"asshole!"

"Yanchi!" The old man Dou Xian said angrily when he saw that Xiao Yan had escaped.

"Hehe, you guys, want to... cannibalize... my power, control me..."

"Can……"

"No... it's that easy!" An intermittent voice came from above the fiery red heart!

"Humph!"

"The boy from Fenxiang Pavilion just now, I felt a familiar wave from him."

"You won't be able to last for long, but it's the matter of Fenxiang Pavilion, old and new!" After the old man Douxian finished speaking he immediately went quiet, then stopped talking, and sat on a round platform to close his eyes. Watching here.

"Burning Incense Pavilion..."

"I don't know how that fellow Fen Tian is doing now..." The voice above the fiery red heart finally disappeared, and then the eyes returned to ashes.

At that time, this space will gradually return to calm.

In the Xiao Yan Shengyan space within Luoling Mountain!

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan suddenly opened his eyes, a mouthful of blood spurted out, gasping for breath!

Facing such a fierce blow from the old man fighting Immortals just now, if the mysterious figure doesn't save him in the end, I'm afraid he can only use the last resort, even if the price is too heavy.

"Big brother, are you alright?" After all, Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan had some connections, and immediately asked with concern. "It's alright, I just merged with the real Fire Heart Tianyan, and I couldn't control it." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

As for Xiao Yi, although he decided to trust him, Xiao Yan didn't want him to worry, so he didn't open his mouth to tell the truth.

"It's fine." Xiao Yi nodded in relief when she heard the words.

"Since he has the full version of Shengyan, Mao Fen decided it was time to take a look."

"After all, there was that **** Xinyan before, I'm afraid the power of Holy Flame did not make Fen Jue truly evolve." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

The next moment, Xiao Yan slowly stared at the extremely dazzling khaki-yellow holy flame in his hand, and the burning incense deep within his body emitted an extremely pleasant aura!

Ask for tickets!