Chapter Vol 4 1150: Beauty plan?

The time of three days is fleeting, and in these three days, the entire Ghost King City is in an orderly manner and has the appearance it should have.

As for Xiao Yan, in the past few days, he first stabilized the aura in his body, and then he became lazy.

After all, although Xiao Yan had a fighting spirit in his body at this time, he had to swallow it at the right time in order to use the fighting spirit to break through the two-star fighting immortal. Whether it was soul power or fighting qi, it would take a lot of time to settle down, and naturally it would be laziness.

Three days have just passed, and on this day, the scorching sun has just hung in the air, and suddenly the entire Ghost King City, anger has become inexplicably high.

Not for anything else, but because this day is the auction held by the City Lord's Mansion!

The Palace Master of the City Lord's Mansion was directly assigned by the great powers in the Li Soul Domain. Whether it is strength or temperament, it can be regarded as the best choice, not to mention that every time the City Lord's Mansion holds an auction, the items in it are all high-quality goods.

"Brother Xiao Yan, are you up yet?" On this day, Qing Wen came to Xiao Yan's house early in the morning and asked.

"Brother Qing, early." Xiao Yan gently opened the door and said with a smile.

"Today is the opening day of the auction, shall we go together?" Qing Wen asked knowingly.

"Right on my mind."

"In the auction, if there is something I need, I will take it, but..." Xiao Yan and Qing Wen were just walking towards the living room, and he declined on the way.

"There's nothing to hide, but it's okay to say it." Qing Wenwen was also a person with extraordinary eyesight, so he could see Xiao Yan's doubts at a glance and said.

"That's right, I didn't bring too many gold coins with me when I went out, so gold coins are inevitably used in the auction. I can sell some medicinal herbs in exchange for gold coins, and I hope to have some fun with you, Brother Qing." Xiao Yan smiled.

"Ah?" Qing Wen couldn't help but be surprised when he heard the words.

"The 1st, 2nd, and 3rd rank of emperor rank pills are all expensive. This guy's first shot was the second rank pill of emperor rank. It seems that he also intends to befriend us." Qing Wen thought to himself.

In fact, Xiao Yan doesn't have to do this. If he needs gold coins, he just needs to auction off his medicinal pills in the auction. After the auction, I am afraid I still need the help of the Qing family.

"Small thing." Qing Wen smiled.

"These are three imperial elixir, and I hope Brother Qing can deal with it..." Xiao Yan waved his hand without hesitation, and three exquisite jade bottles appeared directly in his hand.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The jade bottle had just appeared, and even if it was blocked by the jade bottle, Qing Wen could smell an inexplicable scent of elixir in this small space.

From this, it can be seen that these three emperor-rank second-rank heaven-rank medicinal pills are definitely extraordinary!

In fact, Xiao Yan is also a little helpless. Since his soul power has skyrocketed, his refining skills have fallen a lot. Before his soul power has skyrocketed, his level is only the peak of the second rank of emperor rank, and he can't step into the third rank of emperor rank. .

However, after his soul power skyrocketed, his medicine refining skills might have naturally reached the third-grade emperor rank, but he just didn't have time to refine them.

"Let's go." Qing Wen carefully put away the three jade bottles and said immediately.

These three medicinal pills will go to the auction in a while, and Qing Wen will naturally go to the auction in person. The second-grade emperor-rank medicinal pills are enough to bring a lot of popularity to their Qing family.

"This little girl, she's dressed beautifully today?" She just came to the living room and found that besides his father Qingming, Qing'er's figure was slowly sitting in the living room, and she revealed With a ladylike feeling.

"It's not for you to wear..." Then at this time, Seimei said something directly.

"Isn't what I wore to see who?" Qing Wen said at a loss.

"Father, since everyone has arrived, let's go." Qing'er got up gently, and a silver bell-like voice echoed in the living room.

"Let's go." Qingming glanced at Xiao Yan, and then muttered something, but Xiao Yan listened to it all.

"This Xiao Yan is quite good. He can actually make Qing'er, who has always been plain, in my family do this... But if it does happen, it will be a good thing hehehe..."

When Xiao Yan heard Qingming muttering like this, he couldn't help but have a black line.

The four of them had just left the main entrance of Qing's house, and the two carriages had been waiting outside for a long time.

"Each carriage can only seat two people, clerk, let's sit here." Qing clerk smiled slowly, and then stepped directly into the carriage.

"Miss Qinger, let's go too." Xiao Yan looked at Qingming as he came out, looking at Qinger's skirt, which highlighted her exquisite figure, and couldn't help laughing.

Emotional Seimei wants to use the beauty trick to keep herself.

"En." Qing'er didn't know if it was intentional or not. Since she returned to the family, she didn't dare to look at Xiao Yan, because every time her eyes met, her face turned red, and she didn't know what the situation was.

The four of them rode two carriages each and went directly to the auction venue.

"The auction is over, I'm leaving here..."

"So..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but said, looking at the shadow that was less than a meter apart.

"I..." Qing'er's happy mood suddenly plummeted.

"Miss Qing'er, come on, I believe you will succeed sooner or later." Xiao Yan looked at Qing'er, who was suddenly depressed, and comforted.

Xiao Yan knew that the reason why Qing'er worked so hard to cultivate was to get rid of the **** that the daughters of the family used to marry, so as to find her ideal person.

"Yep."

"Xiao Yan, thank you." When Xiao Yan said this, Qing'er was relieved immediately, and then her eyes narrowed slightly, revealing two rather charming little dimples, and smiled at Xiao Yan.

"I just don't know what kind of girl can be worthy of someone like you..." Qing'er couldn't help whispering The backyard of the auction venue arrived, the carriage stopped here, Miss and Xiao Sir, get out of the car. "As soon as Qing'er finished muttering, the driver said.

"It's so fast..." Qing'er heard the words and shook her head slightly, obviously she no longer had the kind of affection she had for Xiao Yan. After all, Qing'er knew that Xiao Yan was a dragon and a phoenix, and she would not be bound in this small ghost city.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan got off the carriage first, then stretched out his palm quite like a gentleman, and said to Qing'er.

"Thank you." As a lady, Qing'er naturally didn't refuse. She just thanked her first, and then gently stretched out her delicate little hand.

"Hee hee." Feeling Xiao Yan's palm pulling her gently, Qing'er felt a little cunning in her heart.

Even if you can't have that kind of relationship, you can be cunning now.

"Oh..." Qing'er was just about to get off the carriage, but she deliberately stumbled and stepped in the air, her figure tilted, and she was about to fall from the carriage in an instant, so she couldn't help but let out an exclamation.

"Hey...this girl." Xiao Yan heard the words and shook his head helplessly. Then, without any hesitation, he directly squeezed the whole body of Qing'er into his arms, so as not to fall to the ground.

"Oh..."

"Am I right?"

"Our Ghost King City's arrogant young lady Qing'er was actually hugged by a little white face?" And Xiao Yan's behavior of holding Qing'er beside the carriage naturally attracted some onlookers.

l