Chapter 32: 驯 兽 Girl.

The originally peaceful Warcraft Mountains outside Qingcheng instantly became lively, because everyone knew that the ruins cave hidden in the Warcraft Mountains was about to open.

"Let's stop here for a while and buy some rations for Xiao Yi." said a man with a dark and heavy ruler on his back.

After a day's rush, Xiao Yan and Yueru also came to a supply point on the outskirts of the Demonic Beast Mountains, waiting for the ruins to open.

Since Xiao Yan knew that Xiao Yi was a fire elf, in order to prevent others from knowing, he also specially refined a sixth-order transformation pill for Xiao Yi, so that he could change the shape, and now it completely presents Xiao Yi as a small beast. , is also extraordinarily cute and cruel.

However, it is strange to say that Xiao Yi does not refuse fire-type medicinal herbs or medicinal materials, and his appetite has greatly increased, which is why Xiao Yan's move.

Xiao Yan caught Xiao Yi from the shoulders, one person and one beast stared with big eyes, and finally Xiao Yan nodded helplessly, and after instructing Yueru, he turned around and went to other areas to buy supplies.

This is a supply point outside the Demonic Beast Mountains. Many healing medicines and necessary things can be bought.

In the supply area, Xiao Yan found a maid, and after explaining everything he needed, the latter asked him to sit down for a while and went to prepare.

So, Xiao Yan sat here bored and waited while holding Xiao Yi, who was full of disgust with the look of this phantom beast.

However, while waiting, Xiao Yan suddenly noticed a strange gaze, and immediately turned around with his brows slightly wrinkled, and then was stunned for a moment.

Because he saw, not far behind him, a pretty girl with long green hair, staring at him with big eyes, and even a sliver of saliva fell from her small mouth.

Xiao Yan was inexplicably seen by the green-haired girl, and just wanted to get up.

At this time, the green-haired girl also walked up quickly, so Xiao Yan realized that her eyes were not looking at him, but at Xiao Yi in his arms.

"What are you doing?" Xiao Yan looked at the green-haired girl vigilantly.

The green-haired girl wiped away the crystal saliva from the corner of her mouth, her **** and white eyes burst out with extreme scorching emotions, she stared at Xiao Yi, and her delicate voice made people shiver.

"Little brother, sell this little beast to me!"

"No matter how much money, no matter what the price, I'm willing!"

"Buy Xiaoyi?" Xiao Yan frowned slightly, then said decisively.

"Don't sell it!" Xiao Yan shook his head and refused neatly.

He knew how cruel this little thing was in his arms, so he was sure that as long as he dared to nod, this little beast would slap him directly with one paw and slap him alive.

When the green-haired girl saw Xiao Yan's rejection, she was a little anxious, and hurriedly said, "Little brother, sell it to me! I, I will give you five million gold coins!"

"Even if it's an immortal rank fighting skill!" Gritting his teeth, he looked at Xiao Yi in Xiao Yan's arms.

She stared intently at Xiao Yi's eyes, as if she saw through the phantom shape at a glance, full of incomparable enthusiasm, because others could not feel Xiao Yi's power, but she had a unique way to know Xiao Yi in front of her, What an amazing little beast.

"Five million gold coins?"

"Immortal rank fighting skills?" Xiao Yan was obviously also shocked by the generosity of the girl in front of him.

You must know that five million gold coins is not a small amount, and that immortal-level fighting skill is even more priceless!

Xiao Yan carefully looked at the girl in front of her. From the green-haired girl's frantic eyes, it was obvious that she was not talking big, but that she was really able to come up with this huge sum of money.

But Xiao Yan still refused, don’t be hungry, just because Xiao Yi has been with him for so long, it has already become a brotherhood, and besides, Xiao Yi still has the identity of a fire elf, or take a step back and say, Xiao Yi However, those with unlimited potential can now rival the powerhouses of the Three Star Dou Di in their infancy! After that, that's great!

She was repeatedly rejected, and the green-haired girl stomped her feet in a hurry. Her fair forehead was sweating in a hurry. She looked down at her small hand that was as clean as jade. There was a light pattern on the back of her hand. Now this light pattern is exuding. Extremely intense burning sensation.

This light pattern can sense the bloodline of the source beast. The stronger the bloodline, the more scorching the light pattern will be.

And the burning sensation right now, even when she got "Xiao Han", never appeared.

In other words, the little beast in front of him, in terms of bloodline, is even stronger than her "Xiaohan" who has some Bingfeng bloodline!

? For her, this is simply an unparalleled attraction.

Xiao Yan looked at this pattern and suddenly remembered it.

The transplant technique of the Mo family on Dou Qi Continent is to transfer some Qi people's strange objects to himself, such as eyes and arms.

She couldn't help but be a little more vigilant towards the woman in front of her.

And seemed to sense the green-haired girl's intentions, UU reading www. uukanshu.com The clothes in her arms moved, and then an ice-blue bird emerged from her neckline with a bird's head, and the bird's eyes looked at Zhou Yuan with an extremely cold air.

The surrounding air is beginning to show signs of freezing.

And when the icy blue bird appeared, Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly froze, his brows trembled, obviously aware of a very strong threat, and he immediately looked at the icy blue bird with a solemn expression, and then Obviously, it is not simple.

"This girl is even more difficult."

Xiao Yan's eyes were alert. He was able to carry such a powerful little beast with him. It seemed that the other party was not an ordinary person.

In Xiao Yan's arms, Xiao Yi's squinted animal pupils also opened a little, swept the icy blue bird, the beast's mouth opened slightly, there was a faint jump of black light, and a low roar came from its throat. out.

Obviously, it sensed the hostility that the icy blue bird was showing towards Xiao Yan.

Facing Xiao Yi's warning roar, the icy blue bird also trembled, hesitated for a few breaths, and then slowly retracted her head again.

The green-haired girl looked at the strongest "Xiaohan", and she was shocked, her little face suddenly collapsed, it seemed that being hard won't work, so she looked at Xiao Yan pitifully.

Xiao Yan flashed a thought in his heart, stroked Xiao Yi in his arms, and finally shook his head and said, "Since you can see how extraordinary it is, you should also know that it is priceless."

"I won't sell it, so don't think about it anymore."

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, there was also a maid who had prepared all the things he had purchased before.

"If you don't sell me, I'll follow you!" The girl in front of her stubbornly said to Xiao Yan.

​​