Chapter 585: Xiao ethnic pattern embryo!

"Damn, how can this kid have such terrifying power?" Huoxin Tianyan felt a little condensed when he saw that his giant hand did not break Xiao Yan's attack immediately.

This attack of his own is enough to suppress the powerhouse of the peak Dou Emperor, how could he be intercepted by a mere human boy in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor!

Although he said that he was only a trace of the power of the holy flame, in the final analysis, this is also the power of the holy flame!

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan on the side, with all his strength, faced the giant hand of the sky that was resisting the Fire Heart Tianyan!

A sense of powerlessness came from Xiao Yan's body immediately!

"Break it for me!" Xiao Yan devoured a lot of medicinal pills as if he didn't want any money. Immediately, a stream of pure power erupted, and then all of them flooded into the Yihuo Square!

"Boom boom boom!" In the sky, the giant hand composed of countless rocks in the sky is extremely solid on the outside, but it is extremely hot inside. .

"Damn, the power of this holy flame is too terrifying, and it will only be me who will suffer for a long time... fight!" Xiao Yan said in a low voice.

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, Xiao Yan gave up his control over the ancient ruler of the different fire and the square of the fire, and his figure moved abruptly. Xintianyan shot away!

Because for Xiao Yan, offense is the best defense!

"This kid is really smart. He knows that a frontal attack can't stop me, so he switched from defense to attack, not bad." Huoxin Tianyan said slightly.

"Cough, cough... It's almost done. Although this kid is weak now, how can the person who is favored by the Golden Dragon King be normal?" In the next moment, Yan's voice slowly echoed in Huoxin Tianyan's mind. .

"Hehe, Yan, what do you know? I want this kid to know how powerful I am. Even if he merges with me in the future, this kid can always remember my power, otherwise..." Huoxin Tianyan said viciously.

"Be careful, he's going to attack." Yan said casually.

The next moment, Xiao Yan's figure suddenly appeared not far from Huoxin Tianyan.

Hands up and down, without the slightest hesitation, the huge soul power instantly surrounded Huoxin Tianyan!

"Huangquan Heavenly Wrath!" Xiao Yan suddenly drank, and a powerful soul force that directly attacked the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock surged out instantly and went away!

"Boy, this little soul power is of no use to me... and although the fighting spirit in your body is good, it is of no use to me."

"So if you want my approval, you should come up with something meaningful." Huoxin Tianyan said casually.

"In that case..."

"Three Mysterious Transformations of Heavenly Fire!" Xiao Yan's pupils flickered with a hint of doubt, and then he laughed.

Following Xiao Yan's voice, Xiao Yan's strength suddenly skyrocketed. After a while, his strength actually reached the late stage of the Five-Star Dou Di, and he forcibly raised two levels with this secret technique!

This is not the most important, the most important thing is that on Xiao Yan's forehead, a shocking Xiao clan pattern slowly appeared.

The mysterious clan pattern on Xiao Yan's forehead is quite obscure, but it vaguely reveals a strange aura!

"what?"

"This is?"

"Xiao ethnic pattern embryo?" The next moment, the figure of Yan who had disappeared suddenly appeared beside Huoxin Tianyan, and the two said in unison.

Taking advantage of the moment when Huoxin Tianyan was shocked, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, his figure exploded, and a terrifying offensive was launched in his hands, ready to attack Huoxin Tianyan!

"Kid, stop for me!" Just after Xiao Yan started, Huoxin Tianyan, who was in shock, suddenly trembled, and a barren aura swept out!

There was also a faint mark on Huoxin Tianyan's forehead that was exactly the same as Xiao Yan's forehead tattoo!

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan was shocked by this sudden scene, and a trace of blood spilled from his face, and then he stopped the movements in his hands.

"It really does work..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but smile when he saw this.

This Fire Heart Tianyan is too terrifying, only this clan pattern has some shocking power, otherwise Xiao Yan must be forced to use the immortal golden body and some life-saving means.

From the mouth of his master Jinlongwang, he knew that the position of his Xiao clan on the entire Doudi Continent was probably also the existence of a giant. In addition, there was a faint subtle connection in this Huoxin Tianyan, so Only then did Xiao Yan dare to rashly release the clan mark.

"Are you... a member of the Xiao clan?" Huoxin Tianyan's entire body shattered instantly, leaking out the khaki-yellow holy flame inside.

"The younger generation was promoted from the lower plane Dou Qi Continent, but he doesn't know the whereabouts of the Xiao Clan in this Dou Di Continent." Xiao Yan said respectfully.

"I need proof." Huoxin Tianyan said flatly.

"How does the senior need to prove it?" Xiao Yan asked rhetorically.

As soon as the latter's voice fell, the figure of Huoxin Tianyan disappeared strangely, and then appeared in front of Xiao Yan's rock.

"Shabu Shabu!" Huoxin Tianyan skipped directly in front of Xiao Yan with the sound of breaking wind.

It's just that a small scar appeared on Xiao Yan's face, and a drop of blood suddenly appeared.

"Gulu." After Huoxin Tianyan skipped over, he swiped directly on Xiao Yan's face, and some scars and bloodstains appeared on the palm of his hand.

"It's really the taste of the Xiao clan..."

"I miss it so much." Huo Xin Tianyan smiled slightly and then said.

"Are you all right?" Yan also followed Huoxin Tianyan and asked with concern.

"I'm fine, but I didn't expect to meet the descendants of the Xiao Clan here. I originally thought that the people of the Xiao Clan were given to them by the people of the Human World..." Huo Xin Tianyan looked at Xiao Yan in surprise.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Since that's the case, then the boys are considered to have passed."

"Yan, let's get rid of the original holy flame I believe this kid will be a good holy flame controller." Huoxin Tianyan suddenly said, but his expression was very memorable, as if Xiao Yan, the Xiao family The clan pattern evoked a lot of memories, and then all the power was integrated into the holy flame crystal and disappeared.

"This guy." Yan helplessly took Sheng Yanjing and said.

"Senior." Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly. As soon as the time for the Tianhuo Sanxuan transformation came, the strength returned to the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Di, and the clan lines also disappeared.

"Don't ask me, since you have obtained the qualifications for this holy flame crystal, you are ready to strip the source of holy flame from my body."

"But before that, I have to tell you that although the power of holy flame can give you extremely powerful power, when it is powerful, it means that your responsibilities are getting bigger and bigger." Yan looked at him seriously. Xiao Yan said.

"These... I already knew." Xiao Yan sorted out his breath and said expectantly.

"By the way, Huoxin Tianyan's attitude changed suddenly when he saw your clan pattern just now. I think it has something to do with your Xiao clan."

"I just remember that when Immortal Master Madwood got this holy flame, it seemed that one of your Xiao Yan's experts was the master of this Huoxin Tianyan..."

"That person seems to be called Xiao Mu." Yan suddenly remembered something and said.

"Xiao Mu?" Xiao Yan murmured, then wrote down the name, and stared at Yan with fiery eyes.

After so long, it is finally time to devour the holy flame!

Ask for tickets!