Chapter 522: Contaminated magic core and blood!

"damn it!"

"What on earth is this Soul Eater Talisman doing!" Xiao Yan forcibly suppressed the greedy intention of the Soul Eater Talisman in the palm of his hand.

"This thing is too evil, let's try this Soul Eater Talisman..."

"The reputation of this soul-devouring talisman in the ghost world is extremely loud, and there is no problem in thinking about it." Just when Xiao Yan was impatient, Long Yi suddenly spoke.

"Okay!"

"Soul Eater Talisman, don't you want to suck!"

"Then give me a good breath!" A roar emerged from Xiao Yan's heart, and then he stopped suppressing the Soul Eater Talisman in the palm of his hand.

Without Xiao Yan's suppression, a black mysterious rune suddenly appeared in Xiao Yan's palm!

The black rune slowly floated on the palm of his hand, glaring at the evil aura on the forehead of the Frozen Tianhu!

"Suck it for me!" In the next instant, the soul-devouring talisman in Xiao Yan's palm flickered slightly, and then flew towards the evil aura next to the demon core in the forehead of the Frozen Tiger!

"Sisi..." With the appearance of the Soul Eater Talisman, the evil aura at the demon core of the Ice Mark Tianhu's forehead trembled strangely, as if facing the power of the Soul Eater Talisman, extremely fearful!

"Want to run?"

"It's too late!" Xiao Yan's eyes were quick and his hands were quick. When the evil energy in the ice-marked Tianhu demon core had just changed, Fen Jue in his body was stimulated, and an unusually bright flame suddenly appeared, and then directly smashed the ice into the ice. Hentianhu's forehead was wrapped!

"With the disguise of this flame, they shouldn't be able to see it." Xiao Yan shook his head, and then directly lowered the Soul Eater Talisman in the palm of his hand to avoid being discovered by Mu Feng and the others!

"Shabu Shabu!" In just a short fight, the strange power that emerged from the Soul Eater Talisman directly devoured the evil aura surrounding the Frozen Tianhu Demon Core!

The next moment, the strange suction force released by this Soul Eater Talisman seemed to be unfinished, and then it covered the body of Frozen Tianhu, and then swept away the evil energy in his body. Only then did he return contentedly to Xiao Yan's palm. !

"Cough, cough..." As soon as the evil energy entered the body, Xiao Yan felt that his mind was changing, and a wave of fear emerged from the bottom of his heart!

"Protect your mind!"

"This evil spirit is best at eroding people's minds!"

"Once you are eroded by it, you will be transformed into a machine that only knows how to kill!" Just when Xiao Yan felt a little dizzy, Long Yi's voice was transmitted word by word in Xiao Yan's mind. Only then did Xiao Yan recover slightly.

"Boom boom boom!" The evil energy just entered the body, and the next moment it gathered on Xiao Yan's palm. At this time, a dark and evil black energy slowly appeared!

And that Soul Eater Talisman also appeared!

As soon as the Soul Eater Talisman appeared, a small vortex appeared in the center of the palm-sized Soul Eater Talisman. The terrifying suction force seemed to want to absorb this evil energy!

"I'm here to help you!" Xiao Yan sensed the intention of the Soul Eater Talisman, and immediately whispered something understanding, and then controlled the huge flame to force the evil aura in the palm of his hand!

"Don't die!" One teardrop kept dripping, Xiao Yan also found that this evil aura didn't seem to give in so easily, so he had to increase his strength immediately!

"Susu!" The soul-devouring talisman seemed to be determined to devour this evil aura early, and the aura was emerging. Coupled with the coercion of Xiao Yan's strange fire, the evil aura slammed into the soul-devouring talisman. among!

The evil energy had just entered the Soul Eater Talisman, Xiao Yan felt a variety of emotions such as death, fear, despair and so on from the Soul Eater Talisman!

"It seems that there are still many secrets in this Soul Eater Talisman. When I am strong enough in the future, I must completely unravel your secrets." Xiao Yan said slowly. The Soul Eater Talisman was put away, ready to get the magic core and blood essence.

"Susu!" Xiao Yan put down the jade knife in his hand, and took out the magic core.

"Sisi!" The snow-white magic core is like a diamond-shaped crystal, but what a huge power it contains.

A trace of ice strands continuously radiated from the demon core's body.

"It really is the ice-attribute demon core of the sixth-rank emperor!"

"But what is this black spot?" Xiao Yan slowly flipped the magic core, and then suddenly saw a pitch-black black spot on top of the magic core, and immediately asked in doubt.

"An evil spirit again?" After a careful realization, Xiao Yan also discovered the abnormality above the demon core.

"Damn, this evil aura actually nibbled at the Ice Mark Tianhu for so long... This Ice Mark Tianhu has not been assimilated for so long, so it can be said to be a character." Xiao Yan said slowly.

"Soul Devouring Talisman, **** it up for me!" Xiao Yan read it in his heart the next moment!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Since this Soul Eater Talisman quite likes this evil aura, it can be expelled effortlessly!

"No." Since the Soul Eater Talisman has just absorbed the evil energy, it has the ability to communicate with Xiao Yan in the slightest.

When Xiao Yan communicated with the Soul Eater Talisman, the Soul Eater Talisman was also very sure.

"How could it not work?" Xiao Yan was immediately puzzled.

"The Soul Eater Talisman has just absorbed that evil aura, so I'm afraid it already has some recognition for you, but if you want this thing to be truly recognized for your use, I'm afraid you'll have to rely on your groping!" Long Yi also said.

"My grandmother's, and my relationship has raised an uncle." Xiao Yan said indignantly.

However, Xiao Yan had no choice. Although there was a hint of evil on the magic core, there was no better choice. He could only carefully put away the magic core, and then slowly ran to the side. Next to the body of Frozen Tianhu.

"damn it!"

"This blood essence has also been eroded by evil aura." Xiao Yan took out the blood essence of Frozen Scar Tianhu with familiarity. There were ten drops in total, but among the ten drops, there were some evil auras of different degrees. !

"Forget it, refining Asahi Pill requires a second-grade emperor-rank pharmacist I still have some time away from this realm, but I really can't think of a way... After all, there is still a Soul Eater Talisman." Xiao Yan said slowly, and immediately collected the magic core and blood essence.

Until this time, the materials Xiao Yan needs to prepare to devour the holy flame have been completed!

The top of the desert mountain range!

Here, the boundless vast space!

A rather grand altar stands out of thin air!

Above the altar, there is a flat open space, and there is only a huge throne that is quite imposing!

On the throne, there is nothing surprising.

On the left side of the throne, there is a behemoth that I don't know what it is!

Right below the throne, a majestic figure standing in the sky suddenly appeared!

If Xiao Yan is here, then Xiao Yan is sure that this is the hand that Xiao Yan saw on the wall before!

At this time, the picture here is exactly the same as what Xiao Yan saw on the wall at that time!

A huge palm reaching down to the sky, slapped down!

Such a magnificent aura, I am afraid that the world can be torn apart!

Under the huge palm, a purple-gold figure raised its palm high, also palm to palm!

"Yep?"

"Why did the aura of the first layer of ice-scarred tigers in the desert mountain range disappear?" An extremely displeased look came out from his charming lips!

Ask for tickets! monthly pass