Chapter 113: Hand in hand!

?? "Humph! Old Man Yueyu, don't be ignorant!"

"Take Xiao Yan down for me!" Murray said in earnest.

"Senior doesn't need to intervene, I can solve it." Xiao Yan also said, this Yue Yu is so helpful to him, and behind him is the Yue family, Yue Yu can do this for Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan he can't always help him. Others are also involved.

The elites of the Mu family are selected and integrated by the elders of the family from the disciples with outstanding strength. In terms of strength, they can also be ranked around the top level of their seven major cities, and they cooperate with each other tacitly, usually More than a dozen people attacked, even if their opponents were stronger than some of them, it was difficult to resist. This time they attacked Xiao Yan's more than a dozen Mu family elites. Looking at the fighting spirit covering their bodies, their strength was obviously at the level of a three-star fighting emperor. .

"roll!"

Looking at the continuous sword shadows attacking from all directions, Xiao Yan's face turned cold, he snorted coldly, his palm suddenly grasped the handle of the ruler on his shoulder, his arm waved, and the huge ancient ruler of different fire was separated from his back again, and his toes tapped lightly. , The body suddenly turned like a spinning top, spinning at a high speed in an instant, and the black giant ruler, with a powerful energy, spread out from the point of standing.

Although Xiao Yan has consumed a lot of fighting qi in his body after more than ten days of refining medicine pills, the Dou Di strong man can naturally absorb the spiritual qi between heaven and earth to replenish himself, and don't forget that Xiao Yan is a pharmacist, and he lacks everything. There is no shortage of medicinal pills to restore vindictiveness!

"Ding ding ding!" Amidst the strong wind howling, where the figures meet, the sound of crisp metal intersecting is constantly heard.

"Bang!"

With a slight muffled sound, more than a dozen white shadows violently retreated from the place where they were fighting, and the soles of their feet slipped out of the floor for nearly a dozen meters before they stopped slowly and looked down at the broken long sword. The expressions of the Mu family's elites changed a bit. It wasn't just luck that this guy was able to defeat Mueller.

Xiao Yan's face gradually turned gloomy, and he turned to stare at Murray coldly: "What does the Mu family mean?"

"Mr. Xiao Yan, before you can clear your suspicions, I'm afraid you will go back with me."

"This is the meaning of City Lord Wu." Murray said lightly.

"It seems that a war is inevitable today"

Xiao Yan's eyes narrowed, Han Mang flashed in his eyes, his eyes slowly swept across the field, and then stopped on Murray, the palm holding the ruler handle tightened slightly, and he let out a long breath , the body is gradually relaxed down.

Sensing Xiao Yan's relaxation, Murray also breathed a sigh of relief. However, just when he thought Xiao Yan was going to give up his resistance, the latter's foot suddenly stepped on the ground. With the sound of energy exploding, his body suddenly froze. It turned into a black shadow and shot towards the Mu family elites in the square.

"Be careful, stop him!" Xiao Yan's sudden action made Murray's face turn cold, and he shouted sharply.

As soon as Murray shouted, Müller on the other side was the first to move. Dou Qi surged out of his body, his feet slammed on the ground, and his body suddenly swept across most of the square like an arrow from the ground. , the round palm curled up, and several sharp winds shot out. The strong wind entangled Xiao Yan's retreat, and such a fast and fierce method was indeed a powerhouse of the Mu family's seed level.

Xiao Yan's brows were furrowed by the sharp energy coming from behind him, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand suddenly plunged into the ground. .

"There are three laborers, Xiao Yan must be arrested today!"

Looking at Xiao Yan who was soaring into the sky, Murray shouted loudly and waved his palm. Behind him, the three oldest white-robed old men trembled slightly, but they slowly disappeared, and when they reappeared, it was already done. The triangle shape completely blocked Xiao Yan's retreat. Three surging fighting qi surged out from the three people's bodies, and the powerful oppressive force locked Xiao Yan firmly.

Above the sky, the three white-robed old men slowly fanned their fighting qi. Because of the huge fighting qi spilling out of the ground, the surrounding space turned out to be a little illusory.

"The three four-star Dou Emperor early stage powerhouses are indeed terrifying." Looking at the powerful fighting spirit behind the three white-robed old men opposite, Xiao Yan's face suddenly became a little ugly.

"Xiao Yan, be careful, these three are the three elders of the Mu family. Although they are only the strength of the four-star Dou Emperor in the early stage, they are twin brothers, and they are not inferior to the powerhouses in the middle of the four-star Dou Emperor!" Yue Yu shouted. The sound also sounded at this moment.

"Xiao Yan, let's capture it without fail. If we Wucheng wronged you, we will naturally apologize to you afterwards." Although Yueyu leaked the secrets of their Mu family's three elders, she didn't take it seriously. With the combined efforts of the three of them, not to mention Xiao Yan is the pinnacle of a three-star Dou Emperor, even if Xiao Yan is a four-star Dou Emperor, he cannot escape!

Immediately, Murray raised his head and looked at Xiao Yan coldly, as if he was winning.

"This matter is a personal grievance between our Wucheng and Xiao Yan. If anyone is taking action, then it is against my Wucheng, then we will not blame us..." Murray also looked at the people inside and outside the Yue Family Courtyard viciously. Obviously warning them.

"Father what should we do now?" Yueru also asked anxiously.

In the past, my father had a dark illness and there was not much time left. Yueru ran around every day for her father to find someone who could heal his father's condition, but the love between the children was put aside. Ru is also quite satisfied with Xiao Yan, and she hasn't met such an outstanding person for a long time, which inevitably moves the girl's heart. Who wouldn't want to find a good husband?

That's why Yueru said that whoever heals her father will marry someone else.

"Let's wait and see what happens, Xiao Yan should have his confidence not to let us intervene."

"Don't worry, I will take action immediately if the situation is not right." Yue Yu also comforted her daughter softly. Ever since she fell sick, Yue Yu has rarely seen her look like a little girl, and she immediately stood on the roof and watched Xiao Yan and the Mu family.

Murray's remarks were vaguely stern, causing the third elder of the Deyue family, Yue Yu and others to frown slightly and exchanged glances, all temporarily choosing to wait and see.

Seeing that no one came forward to stop him, Murray Jie was also relieved. As long as these strong men did not stop it, it would be easy to capture Xiao Yan. His eyes turned to Xiao Yan again, and he slowly raised his palm, wanting to order him. Take down.

"Take him!"

Murray waved his hand, staring coldly at Xiao Yan in the air, his palm suddenly waved down.

As Murray's voice fell, the three white-robed old men who were standing in front of Xiao Yan suddenly rose in aura, and the majestic pressure, like a thunderstorm that was about to come, enveloped the entire Yue Family compound. !

The inevitable war is about to break out!

Ask for a ticket

Four more today! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: