Chapter Vol 4 2255: Mysterious Domain is coming, Mysterious inorganic!

"Wong buzzing!"

Under this night, the starry sky above the endless fire domain is like a tidal wave of energy, emitting countless energy.

"Oh?"

"The soul power in the later stage of Yuanyuan Realm!"

Xiao Yan instantly calmed down, with endless glazed flames burning in his eyes, and then stared blankly at the starry sky.

With his eyes closed, the power of the soul in Xiao Yan's body was revolving, and unexpectedly, he discovered from this night that strange things like light seals were attacking from the distant shore.

"Brother Xiao Yan, what happened?"

Xun'er hurriedly quieted down, and looked at the starry sky above the endless fire domain with the same look of doubt, where there seemed to be a steady stream of power overflowing.

Xiao Yan did not answer Xun'er's question, but only vaguely noticed that the stars in the night actually formed a very strange scene, and it seemed that some creature was hiding in it.

"Hahaha."

"Is this the so-called Endless Fire Territory?"

"A mere territory that occupies four continents is also worthy of a 'domain'?"

In the starry sky, no one appeared, but under the attack of Xiao Yan's soul power, a transparent and invisible soul power whistled, and a sneering sound filled the air.

The sound of the cold hum is like an ancient Hong bell. It just appeared, and suddenly it caused a great uproar in the bodies of all the powerhouses belonging to the Endless Fire Territory!

"Soul means?"

"Crossing the void by means of the soul, what are you trying to do to my endless fire domain..."

After the sudden voice of the soul spread, two extremely mysterious and mysterious mists spread out, covering the entire starry sky. The mist was filled with a hint of spirituality, and the fluctuations contained under it were extremely impressive.

It turned out that there is the power of reincarnation making it noisy?

"Let's go, Xun'er."

As soon as the voice fell, the two disappeared together, facing the night starry sky.

"Boom!"

This voice just fell. Above the headquarters of Endless Fire Territory, an ancient Hong bell vigilantly sounded. Countless powerhouses appeared in this starry sky at the same time. The terrifying power of the starry sky actually made them feel an unprecedented fear.

That kind of aura seems like an ethereal soul power, but it has a genuine reincarnation aura, which makes people shudder!

"This is the starry sky of my endless fire domain. If your Excellency breaks in rashly, we have the right to kill it directly."

Feng Wan'er stepped out of the crowd first, and immediately the majestic power within her body roared out, making the whole world buzz.

"Hehe, I didn't expect that in the endless fire area, it would be possible to have reincarnation-level powerhouses in charge. It's really a misstep."

"But just by virtue of this ability, it can't stop us."

"Teacher, let's do it... Since this continent is secretly coveted by countless powerhouses, let us be the first leader."

"You remember, in this world, the weak eat the strong, and the weak are not qualified to own such a huge territory..." The heavy voice fell, and suddenly two silhouettes were condensed by countless soul forces in the fog of the soul.

Those are two near-transparent energy bodies, completely constructed from soul power, one is old and holds a disc in his hand, and the other is quite young, but the soul power that condenses the two bodies turned out to be rare." Huayuan" realm!

Moreover, it is still in the late stage of Yuan Huajing, this kind of momentum is appalling!

"Guru..."

"Feng Lao, these two are the two in the human world called Xuanyu."

"The elder is Xuanji, the head of the Xuanyu clan, who is a quasi-double reincarnation rank, and the other is his disciple Xuan Fengzi, who is quasi-reincarnation."

"It is said that the strength of this Xuanwu has reached the quasi-double reincarnation level, and in his hand he is in control of an artifact called the Destruction King Plate!"

On the side, Hun Tianhao raised his head and looked at the figures of the two souls with a pale face. That kind of reincarnation coercion made those who were not strong enough to feel an irresistible coercion.

"Artifact?"

"Destroying the Heavenly King Plate?"

"This thing doesn't exist on the list of artifacts in the human world. In my opinion, it's just a false name."

When Feng Wan'er heard this, she directly denied it.

In the Great Thousand Worlds, there are only eighteen artifacts recognized by the human world, and each of them is famous, but it is not something that such a strong person can compare at will.

"The overall strength of Xuanyu is slightly stronger than our Endless Fire Territory. It should be that our Endless Fire Territory has developed too rapidly over the years, which has caused many other forces in the Great Thousand World to be jealous. I thought it was a rumor, but I didn't expect it. ..." Hun Tianhao was ashamed.

"Don't worry, everything belongs to me."

Feng Wan'er nodded to a group of strong men behind her, and then the majestic breath of reincarnation swept out.

After Xiao Yan's return, the dark disease in Feng Wan'er's body has been healed, and now the triple reincarnation level strength can be regarded as the true background of the Endless Fire Territory!

"Xuan Moji, your master and apprentice are also considered to be prominent figures in the Great Thousand World. Now you have rashly used your soul power to cast a spiritual body and step into the starry sky of my endless fire domain. What are you trying to do!"

Feng Wan'er stepped out one step at a time, and her majestic triple reincarnation strength was undoubtedly on display.

"Triple Reincarnation Rank?"

"Master, the information is wrong."

Xuan Fengzi, who was beside him, looked at Feng Wan'er in surprise. After a long time, he retracted his gaze, and then raised his palm and rubbed his forehead. Even though the latter was already in the wind, the real reincarnation pressure was a real third-order. !

Moreover, under Feng Wan'er's terrifying cold hum just now, it actually caused a heavy feeling of dizziness in his head!

Triple Reincarnation Stage!

"I can't think of the fact that there is a triple reincarnation-level powerhouse hidden in the Endless Fire Territory But this is the end of the matter, so I can only give it a try."

"I use the power of the soul as a guide to condense the shape!"

"Gather spirit bodies!"

The icy voice sounded, and the two transparent souls suddenly became more and more solid, and they directly turned into two figures.

Constructing a spirit body with soul power is a big means, but it can only volatilize 80% of the power of the body, and once this spirit body suffers any damage, it will undoubtedly return to the body, or even increase in geometric multiples.

"I belong to the Endless Fire Territory, enter a state of defense, find all suspicious persons, kill without mercy!"

Feng Wan'er's voice fell, and she also stared at the two in front of her. The power of reincarnation filled her body. For her, it was too easy to deal with a quasi-double reincarnation rank powerhouse.

It's just that with her keen sense of smell, she can find that there are some extremely obscure auras in this star space. That kind of power is more tyrannical than ordinary reincarnation, at least with her triple reincarnation level. strength, unable to cope.

"Xuanyu is mysterious, so let me have a good meeting. This so-called Endless Fire Territory, how can He De and how can he be a king by himself?

A vast voice emerged, and a rare murderous intent appeared on Xuanji's face, as if he was bound to win for everything that followed!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: