Chapter Vol 4 1232: 7 Diversion soul cup

"If that's the case, where do I need my help?" Xiao Yan heard the words and interjected. After all, he is also a fairyland soul now. Although his strength is in front of the Soul Eater and the Ghost Son, he is like playing a family, but for resurrection I am afraid that no one is better at refining the body than himself.

"You kid, now you know you care about your master?" The Soul Eater scolded with a smile.

"Hehe, Sir Xiao Yan doesn't have to be like this. The master is different from your human beings. Our ghost world creatures have been soul bodies since childhood. When our strength reaches a certain level, we can automatically cultivate human bodies."

"And the resurrection in our ghost world only needs to complete the power of the soul, or even complete the lost source. As for the body, it is trivial for us." Ghost Son said.

Until now, Gloomy Soul Son carefully looked at Xiao Yan, but what made Gloomy Soul Son strange is that although this guy's strength is only in the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortal, there is a feeling that Gloomy Soul Son can't see through!

"The Xiao clan is involved too much, and I can't reveal too much to Lord Xiao Yan." You Soul Son shook his head and said.

After the two of them finished speaking, it was now transferred to the Master of Soul Eater. At this time, only the Master of Soul Eater was the most anxious.

"To supplement the power of the soul, only some simple medicinal materials are needed. Although it is rare, I will live on Xiao Yan's body next time. It is estimated that it will not be difficult to find."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"However, as for the source of my soul that I lost when I was burned by the power of holy flames by the Lord of Souls, there is nothing that can't be restored." Lord of Soul Eater said with a scheming look.

"What?" Xiao Yan and You Hunzi said at the same time.

Xiao Yan came to the ghost world for the sole purpose of the Master of Soul Eater. As long as the matter of the Master of Soul Eater is resolved, then Xiao Yan will go back to Dou Di Sifang Continent, continue to look for Xun'er and resolve Xiao Yan's century-old contract as soon as possible. Even Xiao clan secrets.

"Seven crossing the soul cup." The Lord of Soul Eater opened his mouth slightly.

"what?"

"Qidu Inducing Soul Cup?" And as the understatement of Soul Eater's voice just fell, Gloomy Soul Child's face couldn't help but turn ugly.

If it is other things, then the ghost son naturally has a lot of ways, but for this thing, I am afraid there is really no way.

"The Qidu Yinhunzhan is almost the treasure of Li Soul Territory. It is placed in the hands of the four major academies that control the entire Li Soul Territory under the master of Li Soul."

"Even if the Lord of Li Soul wants to use it, I am afraid that it must be approved by the Four Great Courts, and the efficacy of this thing, I am afraid that no one except the Lord of Li Soul knows."

"But those four courtyards are the very top forces under Li Soul Territory. Even if it is my six-star Dou Xian's strength, I am afraid there will be no return." Ghostly Soul's face was not very good-looking, and he said word by word.

"Haha, it's great to have a goal."

"And for me, if I want to return to the peak, it must be this thing, because I have seen a detailed record about the Qidu Diversion Soul Cup from an ancient book." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"Lord, leave this matter to me." Ghost Soul pondered for a while, and then said.

"Forget it, leave this to me."

"As the top forces in Li Soul Domain, the four courtyards are bound to be heavily defended, and it is definitely not possible to come here clearly."

"Now the ratio of Eastern Continents is imminent. If you win the ratio of Eastern Continents, you can go to the ratio of Four Continents. If you win the ratio of Four Continents, you have the opportunity to enter the Four Great Courts." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"This way... is it really possible..." But the ghostly soul's eyes floated uncertainly.

"Trust him, this little guy has brought me a lot of surprises." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"Yep."

"Master, I won't go with you this time."

"In order to prevent Li Soul Territory's senior management from discovering your trace, as soon as you leave Icefire Island, I will lift the seal and return to Soul Devouring Territory, so as to contact Master Hao Ni'er. After Master Xiao Yan successfully joined the Fourth Academy, Carry out the plan to **** the Qidu Diversion Soul Cup."

"When the time comes to take away the Qidu Inducing Soul Cup and help the master recover his strength, it will be time to settle accounts with Li Hunyu." You Soul Son spoke slowly, his voice full of joy.

"Yep."

"But before planning, let's mention the strength of this little guy." The next moment, the Master of Soul Eater smiled.

"There seems to be some familiar fluctuations on him?" Hearing this, Gloomy Soul also smiled slowly.

The next moment, Xiao Yan heard the words, and he no longer hesitated, and directly took out the dragon blood crystal from the ground.

"Earth Dragon Blood Crystal?" Seeing this, Gloomy Soul couldn't help but exclaimed in surprise.

He is very clear about the value of this thing, but the people in the ghost world are disordered, and because of the soul body, most of them are not suitable for using Earth Dragon blood crystals for body forging.

"There should be a place suitable for the volatilization of dragon blood crystals in this island of ice and fire, right?" The Soul Eater said slightly.

"Master, yes." The ghost heard the words, and then said slowly.

"You take him there."

"Take him to the Blood Pond and come back. You and I still have some things to negotiate." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"The disciple has thanked the master." Seeing this, Xiao Yan also directly bowed his hands and gave a big gift to the Master of Soul Eater.

Without guessing, Xiao Yan knew that after the dragon blood crystal forged his body, he was obviously going to practice the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God. If the Master of Soul Eater was on the side, it would inevitably be leaked. Although Xiao Yan did not think that the Master of Soul Eater was a Such a person, but the action of the Soul Eater made Xiao Yan quite grateful.

After all, no matter what, on the one hand, my uncle taught me the treasures of the dragon clan, and on the other hand, I was the master of the soul eater who protected him. In this case, it was a good way to avoid suspicion, otherwise such trivial matters would be swayed by those of the dragon clan in the future. Yu Huai's old antique knew that it was undoubtedly another headache.

"Okay, let's go."

"I just happen to have some things about Soul Eater Domain that I want to instruct Ghost Son." The Soul Eater Lord smiled.

"En." Ghost Soul nodded slowly, and then that touch of soul power directly wrapped Xiao Yan, and then turned into a stream of light, heading towards the outer layer of Icefire Island.

The fifth floor of Ice and Fire Island.

"This is..." And even if the ghostly soul is a trace of soul power, it instantly avoided the perception of the other guardians and easily came to the fifth floor.

After arriving on the fifth floor, Xiao Yan suddenly discovered that there was an incomparably huge pool in front of it!

The pool is oval in shape, and the seemingly transparent pool water slowly exudes a mysterious mist, which is quite mysterious.

"I've already set up the barrier, and the barrier time is long enough for you to absorb the dragon blood crystals and other things."

"When the handover between me and the master is over, the master will come over, and the master will always be attached to your body until you successfully enter the four courtyards of Li Hunyu." Ghost Soul said.

"Senior, don't worry, this junior will naturally try his best." Xiao Yan nodded slowly after hearing this.

"I'm still very relieved about the master's vision... But you should try not to reveal the identity of your Xiao clan."

"Because I have been imprisoned for all these years, this guy from Li Hunyu and the center of the human world are very close, and there is always a premonition that it is not good for your Xiao family." Gloomy Soul Son shook his head and said, without stopping, directly Returning to the first layer for a stream of light.

"Dragon God Nine Transformations, Earth Dragon Blood Crystal!"

"Fighting Soul!"

"This time, I must become stronger!" And being said by Nether Soul Son, Xiao Yan's determination to become stronger became stronger and stronger!

There is a chapter that will be posted at 12 o'clock. I am in the hospital with my friends. I don't know how many times.

Thank you for your tips and support. Today's update will be at 1:00 pm.