Chapter Vol 4 1500: 3 Star Dou Xian mid-term!

Once the time has passed, it will be five days.

For five days, Xiao Yan stood motionless in the mid-air of the mausoleum, absorbing the pure power refined by the Heavenly King's possession continuously, and under this absorption, the Dou Core in Xiao Yan's body also emitted bursts of joy. close to saturation.

"Huhu."

"It's about to break through." At a certain moment, Xiao Yan took a deep breath, and suddenly his eyes slowly opened, the Dou Core in his body continued to expand, and the Dou Qi inside became extremely turbulent.

"Bang bang bang!" A muffled humming sound continued to emanate from Xiao Yan's body. After a short while, Xiao Yan's breath was also a natural breakthrough to the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal.

This seems to be a natural progression. During the period of the battle with Sky Poison Sha, Xiao Yan almost fell down, and in the end, he even paid the heavy price of losing a wing of the undead ghost fighting spirit.

"The middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals is really not comparable to the early days of the Three Star Fighting Immortals."

"As of now, I am afraid that I will have no problem dealing with some ordinary three-star fighting immortal late stage powerhouses." Xiao Yan threw two punches at will, and fierce winds emerged everywhere, his aura was much more tyrannical than before.

"Not to mention that although the strength has broken through, the losses in this battle are a bit heavy." After a few breaths, Xiao Yan also calmed down and carefully analyzed the cause and effect of this battle.

Using the fighting spirit, the power of the Great Heavenly Seed and the Holy Flame, although the Heavenly Poison Bracer was reluctantly inflicted a lot of damage by injuring one thousand enemies and eight hundred, the fighting spirit was forcibly cut off by one wing. For this reason, I am afraid that the undead ghost can't be used for a short time, and the undead ghost is different from other fighting spirits. Because it is related to the holy flame, it cannot heal itself, and can only be repaired by Xiao Yan, so in this case, there will be no fighting. With the existence of the soul, Xiao Yan's trump card is undoubtedly a lot less.

However, on Xiao Yan, the four fingers of the sky are now controlled to the level of the third finger. If they successfully control the four fingers, I am afraid that they will not be too much in the face of the four-star fighting immortal. In addition, the three fortune-telling punches, and the soul interference fighting skills, even It is Xiao Lei's soul clone many means.

It can be said unceremoniously that Xiao Yan's lack of preparation for this battle is the fault, otherwise he would not have paid such a heavy price.

"Forget it, anyway, the undead ghost bird has something to do with the undead fire. When the Demon Suppression Prison is over, it will naturally be able to heal."

"Next, it's important to cultivate the Heavenly King Seal first, so that the competition ends." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his eyes gradually became brighter, and then he directly took off the exquisite milky white scroll in his hand and began to examine it.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan's palm gently spread out the scroll, and suddenly a soft light came out, and this light was not only extremely soft, but also carried an unquestionable tyrannical pressure, permeating the in the air.

"The Seal of the Heavenly King." At that time, the dazzling light directly transformed into a conspicuous handwriting in mid-air, and each handwriting contained incredible tyrannical power.

"The Seal of the Heavenly King, attacking fighting skills, equal rank, the pinnacle of holy rank." These few words, however, all revealed the tyranny of the scroll fighting skills.

You must know that the fighting skills at the peak of the holy rank are quite lethal even against the four-star fighting immortals, not to mention that Xiao Yan is only in the middle stage of the three-star fighting immortals.

"The Seal of the Heavenly King is a tyrannical fighting technique that uses the seal as the main and the power as a supplement, and uses the wonderful handprint to call the power of the heavens and the earth, thereby forming a resonance and letting the energy of the heavens and the earth at its own disposal."

"The multiplication of the seal, with the help of the energy of heaven and earth, is enough to collapse the mountains and the ground, possessing unpredictable terrifying power." A few introductions described the seal of the heavenly king vividly and vividly.

"The peak of the holy rank is really a rare treasure." Xiao Yan smiled slowly and then did not hesitate. The dazzling soul power directly invaded the scroll. At that time, the complete cultivation system of Tianwangyin was like a surging river. into your own mind.

"Sisi." Having received such a huge cultivation method in a short period of time, Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a little pain in his head. Obviously, with his current soul power, reading the cultivation method so rashly is still somewhat dangerous.

"Let's start." With a soft whisper, Xiao Yan did not move, his eyes closed directly, and he carefully understood the cultivation method of the Heavenly King's Seal.

"Xiao Yan's strength has actually broken through to the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal." The four girls below also slowly woke up. With the help of the mysterious lines on the altar, their strength has also made great progress.

Yuan Yan broke through to the early stage of the three-star battle of immortals, and Liu Qing was still in the early stage of the three-star battle of immortals, but the strength of Yuan Hong and Duo Qifei had reached the level of completeness of the three-star battle of immortals. Xiao Yan, who was motionless among them, did not know why, but Xiao Yan seemed to contain some kind of extremely terrifying power, which made them shudder.

"Weng Om Om!" In an instant, the state of standing still did not last long, and Xiao Yan's palms slowly wriggled, his hands were folded, and the palms were tightly pressed together, and all of a sudden, ten fingers slowly danced, like a elf. A trace of a mysterious ancient strange handprint was cast out by him.

At the same time, with Xiao Yan's palm movement, the black mist that isolated the tomb up and down in this mausoleum also shattered instantly, revealing the mausoleum like an abyss below, but at this time, the evil The breath has long since disappeared.

"Is that the seal of the heavenly king, such a terrifying power, it can actually mobilize the energy of heaven and earth Xiao Yan displays it like this, I am afraid that the energy of heaven and earth here has resisted us, so it is only poured into He is alone."

"What a tyrannical fighting technique." Yuan Hong's eyesight was extraordinary, and he revealed the secrets at a glance.

"However, how do we get out of here now?" After a while, Xiao Yan was still evolving and being familiar with the seal of the Heavenly King, and the other four women's beautiful eyes kept flickering, because at this moment, with the evil aura completely disappearing, this piece of The space turned out to be like a dead place, unable to use the power of space, which made their hearts tremble.

"The key to leaving the mausoleum should be on this altar." After a while, Yuan Yan's cheeks pressed against the altar under her feet, and it seemed that she could vaguely hear the outside world through the ground of the endless altar.

"Everyone back away." The time for a few breaths had just passed, and Xiao Yan's pupils slowly opened, and a savage aura suddenly emerged from the palm of his hand.

"Heavenly King Seal!" With a loud shout, countless heaven and earth energies in the mausoleum rushed towards Xiao Yan's folded palms, and a hundred-zhang energy handprint containing mysterious power suddenly fell off Xiao Yan's body, thus directly attacking to the altar below.

"Boom!" Hit by such a tyrannical energy, the countless lines on the altar instantly shattered, and at the center, a door of light full of mysterious lines quietly emerged.

"This door of light is the door of space to leave the mausoleum and return to the Demon Suppression Prison."

"Everyone, let's go." The next moment, Xiao Yan's voice fell, and the five of them rushed forward to embrace each other.

The end of the ruins of the tomb of the King of Heaven also heralds the opening of a real good show in the Demon Suppression Prison.