Chapter Vol 4 1781: Jasmine Mercenary Group!

On that day, Xiao Yan left the young man's side directly, and immediately walked towards the city where the mercenary union was located.

In this city, there are not only mercenary unions, but also other places where strong people gather, similar to the Alchemist Association, etc. However, Xiao Yan did not want to reveal his full strength for the time being, so he pretended a little, Qiao Zhuang was An ordinary mercenary, whose strength is hidden, only revealing a star fighting immortal, and he left to the mercenary union after everything was done.

According to the description of the young man just now, it seems that there are some things in this sea area that are not normal, and the fish that the fishermen hunted back are not normal. It happened that the mercenary union members would go out to sea, so for Xiao Yan, joining A mercenary group traveling together can be regarded as killing two birds with one stone.

"Tsk tsk... This mercenary union is really generous." Just when he arrived at the gate of the mercenary union, he looked up and looked at the huge and domineering building, Xiao Yan couldn't help but speak.

The huge building is like a long sword all day long, and its shape is quite strange, but the conspicuous patterns on the walls of the building all reveal a solemn aura, and even some rather obscure aura diffuses slightly. , the strength of that hidden powerhouse is probably not inferior to Xiao Yan.

This mercenary union really lives up to its name.

"This lord..." Just when Xiao Yan hesitated, some figures at the entrance of the trade union who were in charge of receiving mercenaries spoke up.

One of the women's sweet voices emerged, she leaned forward, smiled at Xiao Yan, and even behind her, there were several dignified maids, obviously this woman's identity was not low.

Although they are all maids of the mercenary union here, but they have been here for a long time, they have also trained a pair of discerning eyes, and can distinguish some terrible guys in the crowd. They are all extremely accurate, and among the maids, there are three, six, nine, and so on. The red-clothed woman in front of her is obviously not low-level.

"En." Xiao Yan didn't escape, he said coldly, and then walked towards the inside of the mercenary union with rather light steps.

"Sir, please come with me." At this time, looking at the man in front of him, the woman in red said respectfully, she had the highest status among these maids, and being accepted by him was enough to show Xiao Yan's extraordinaryness.

Moreover, this guy has a faint and stern aura, that kind of aura can only be possessed by a strong person who is walking outside the scene or even on the edge of life and death, so he is respected by these maids.

After all, the scene is walking on the edge of life and death, and whether it is strength or wealth, it is far from being comparable to normal humans.

"I don't know if your lord came to the mercenary trade union because he wanted to issue a mission to summon thugs and guards, or to take up the mission to earn commissions." Just after entering the mercenary trade union, the maid in red brought Xiao Yan to a rather quiet elegant place. From time to time, he gently picked up the tea in the house, and stared at Xiao Yan's every move.

"I didn't expect that the Mercenary Union would have such a good thing..." Xiao Yan heard this, and nodded immediately. It seems that the next time he goes to find some monster blood or a place that is too dangerous, he can come to the Mercenary Union to issue a task and call Some thugs, after all, with Xiao Yan's current pharmacist skills, I believe they can find many strong ones.

"My lord, haven't you been in contact with the mercenary union before..." Seeing Xiao Yan's surprised expression, the red-clothed maid spoke gently.

"..." Xiao Yan heard the words, but did not speak, but his eyes became deep, and he stared at the maid lightly, and the dazzling soul power emerged like sea water.

"My lord... the little girl is wrong, I shouldn't have asked." The maid in red was slightly startled, and even her breathing became frozen. She had no doubt that Xiao Yan would be able to kill herself completely in the next moment.

"I'm here to take over the task, I'm in a hurry recently..."

"It's best to find a mission that can make a lot of money out of the sea." Seeing that the red-clothed maid was not talking, Xiao Yan casually played with the tea set on the table and gently waved his hand, but when Xiao Yan just used his soul power, he It was found that there was a rare wood attribute on this salary woman. I am afraid that this kind of power can only be possessed by the powerful royal family. I don't know why it would appear on a woman.

"Sir, you need to register your strength attribute information so that we can better collect tasks for you." Looking at the terrifying figure in front of him who was smiling and hiding a knife, the red-clothed maid whispered.

"Yan Xiao, Samsung Fighting Immortal..." Xiao Yan thought for a while and said, in order to prevent unnecessary trouble, he concealed his real name and strength.

"Okay... If your lord has other sub-professionals, similar to the pharmacist formation mage, it will be quite popular." The red-clothed maid secretly wrote down the information in her heart, and just pushed the door and left.

"That... I'm still a fourth-grade immortal pharmacist." Hearing the maid like this, Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Sir, wait a moment..." Hearing Xiao Yan's joking voice, the maid's delicate body suddenly shook, and then she quietly pushed the door and left.

"What a terrifying guy, just the soul power just now, I am afraid that it is more than the fourth grade... It seems that this guy is quite a mysterious guy, only adults can decide." After the maid finished speaking, she walked towards the back Leaving in the hall, obviously similar to Xiao Yan's level, must be decided by the real manager.

Ten minutes later, inside the mercenary union.

"Ugh……"

"Why haven't pharmacists dared to go out to sea recently, and pharmacists can't stand the toss?"

"It's just like the flowers in the greenhouse, so what is respectable, in my opinion, let's go home." At this time, in a hall inside the mercenary union, here is the daily registration and release tasks of the mercenary union. Many mercenaries and powerhouses will gather here at the venue for the mission.

Of course, the special treatment like Xiao Yan, only some guys with tyrannical strength or tyrannical background can enjoy it.

"Yulong, don't say a word, after all, this matter is still a strange sea issue." After a while, one of the three men said vigilantly.

The three men are quite ordinary in appearance, but the fierce evil spirit on their bodies is hard to hide. The man in white clothes is quite violent, the man in blue clothes is quite mysterious, and the man in black clothes seems to be the first of the three, both in terms of strength and behavior. Pretty decent.

The status of a pharmacist, let alone in the mere Heavenly Star Continent, might be placed in any human realm.

"But if there is no pharmacist, we can't go out to sea at all. The kind of monster wind in the sea can only be dealt with by the soul power of a strong pharmacist."

"We've lost everything, and this time it's hard to pick up..."

"Woooo..." The man in white just wanted to say, but his companion, the man in black, covered his mouth and nose.

"I heard that you are going to sea?"

"Can you count me as one?" For a while, Xiao Yan's figure came slightly to the three of them and stretched out his palm with a smile on his face.

These three guys were naturally the best mercenary group that the maid in red had found for Xiao Yan.

"Hey This brother, we are just kidding." The man in black came out and said to the field.

"Boom!" For a time, Xiao Yan didn't bother to talk nonsense with him, the spiritual palace in his body wriggled, and the soul power of the fairyland level spread gently.

"Xian... Wonderland soul power?" Seeing the terrifying formation of the black-shirted man in front of him, the three of them couldn't help but be surprised.

"Dear Alchemist Your Excellency, you are welcome to join our Jasmine mercenary group. The guys in our group will handle the rest of the formalities for you."

"Tomorrow morning, we will pick you up and go to sea. The destination is the sea area. As for the purpose and reward, allow me to keep it a secret first, and I will tell you in person tomorrow."

"Do you think this is okay?" While speaking, the man in black also smiled and stared at Xiao Yan and the maid in red beside him.

Those who can be received by the red-clothed maids are probably strong people with different skills, so the black-clothed man has no doubts.

"Yan Xiao, it's a pleasure to work together." The two held their hands together and parted after a while.

"Trouble you." After a while, Xiao Yan said to the maid in red next to him, and Xiao Yan left here quite leisurely.

"This guy is a little scary... inform Elder Gu and the others to leave tomorrow." Seeing Xiao Yan's leaving figure, the three men spoke softly, and the man in Tsing Yi who had said nothing before whispered.

The vast sea, the danger is unknown.