Chapter Vol 4 1716: Devour begins!

"The Furnace of Ten Thousand Ghosts!"

"Bloom!" The King of Ten Thousand Ghosts, who was in a panic, suddenly distorted his delicate face like a beautiful human man, and then roared.

He knew that he couldn't let the Master of Li Soul eliminate all the resentment power of tens of thousands of ghosts so smoothly, otherwise what awaited him would be failure.

"Boom!" As the voice of the King of Ghosts fell, a black flame appeared out of nowhere in the entire void, and soon the countless ghosts that had already permeated the entire space were shrouded as if they were being captured. Focus on yourself and put everything into it.

The ten thousand ghost melting pot, this is the unique power of the ghost kingdom powerhouse. It can gather all the soul power together, and use the melting pot to refine and self-explode, and burst out the destruction wave that is not lost to the top fairy art. The power of fairy art has long been reached. It is enough to threaten the seven-star or even eight-star level, and the power of the top immortal arts, and enough to obliterate the real eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse, even the master of the soul, can only temporarily retreat.

"Weng Om!" The evil furnace transformed by the black flames is about several meters in size, but it hides an extremely mysterious evil aura. From the outside, it seems to be indestructible, and every time a ghost is absorbed, the black flame furnace becomes The extremely weak dark evil lines on the top will deepen a lot. Once the dark evil lines around the black flame furnace are completely bright, I am afraid that the eight-star Douxian perfect powerhouse can only fall below, after all, that level of power , heaven and earth can learn.

"You did remind me a lot of past events. In return, I will show you what a real feast is!"

"Generals, this time, your efforts and sacrifices have not been in vain!"

"Because you will eventually witness the rebirth and transformation of a supreme being here!"

"Reincarnation!" The unruly and domineering arrogance, from the mouth of the master of the soul, a moment later, the body of the master of the soul, directly and slowly left the island, slowly floating in the air, and immediately there was no ghostly wrap around him. Instead, it is a touch of pink energy, like an elves, surrounding the Lord of Li Soul, with him as the main and the king, it seems to be cheering and cheering for the return of the king.

"No...impossible!"

"Break me!" Seeing Lord Li's actions like this, the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts roared frantically as if he had seen some extremely terrifying scenery.

These ghosts do have a deep relationship with the Lord of Li Souls, but they are dead souls. It is precisely because of some special methods of the King of Ghosts that they have come to life in a very special way, and their strength has long been lost. If it wasn't for the deep resentment for the Lord of Li Soul in their hearts, but this resentment dissipated without a trace after the Lord Li's words, even watching the Lord of Li Soul who was about to devour the holy flame and began to evolve , These ghosts have a tendency to help Zhou and abuse them, and the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts is in chaos.

"Boom!" After a few breaths, the dazzling black flame furnace was condensed, and the power of countless ghosts was completely fused and refined. At this time, the ten thousand ghost furnace was only the size of a palm, and the whole body was filled with a chilling horror. Fluctuating, the whole body of the black flame furnace is wrapped by an invisible force, and even the void collapses instantly. Its power is no less than a top fairy technique. Once it explodes in the retreat here, let alone the desert hinterland, or even the entire The West Shrine will be affected.

"The Lord of Souls."

"Go to hell!" Looking at the increasingly mysterious Lord of Souls, the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts did not hesitate at all. When he raised his hand, the dazzling black flame furnace in his hand, with bursts of evil aura, directly faced the Lord of Souls. Projected away.

Like a meteorite landing, the aura of such power and such aura makes one's pupils shrink tightly!

"Boom!" A deafening voice filled the entire void. At that time, the black flame melting furnace roared away like a vicious dog at the Lord of Soul Li.

"King of Ten Thousand Ghosts, don't do unnecessary struggle. Today is the day of my breakthrough. You should stay and witness the birth of the superpower." The Soul Master smiled slightly, his laughter was quite soft, but it was full of awe.

"I'll see how you can resist my attack." Listening to the understatement of the Lord of Souls, the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts still said without giving up.

Even though the power of the Ten Thousand Ghosts Furnace has been weakened by the Lord of Souls, at this time, for this guy, it still has the power of destruction.

"Lovesickness, the power of lovesickness." Lord Li Soul raised his brows slightly, and while he spoke, bursts of pink power ripples slowly emerged from under his feet, and immediately decorated the entire void.

The pink acacia power just emerged, and it was like a viscous liquid, which directly wrapped the black flame furnace, making it unable to move at all.

"The power of holy flame?"

"How is that possible..." Watching the pink energy ripples spread, a breath of awe filled the entire void, looking at the black flame furnace that combines the power of tens of thousands of ghosts to be so unbearable Hit, the look of the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts has finally become ugly Wow! "Without any hesitation and indecision, the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts knew that this time he could only return without success.

Due to his own reasons, the Lord of Li Soul can only become the purest soul body and cannot condense the human body, but this is also doomed that he can only devour two holy flames that ghosts can devour in his life. Beyond this category, the strength of the Lord of Li Soul is already recognized by the Lord of the Thousand Worlds at the perfect level of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal. Once he has mastered a holy flame, his power will take a qualitative leap.

After a while, the Black Flame Furnace and the pink power gently flew towards the body of the Lord of Li Soul, and it was obvious that they wanted to devour the Black Flame Furnace and turn it into nourishment for their own promotion!

"Not good!" Seeing such a cunning Master of Soul Li, the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts finally lost his voice in horror. Until now, King of Ten Thousand Ghosts knew that he was tricked by Master of Soul Li.

It seems that the evolution of swallowing has been going smoothly, but this is all the master's strategy. It seems that the master of the soul needs something before his own success.

After a while, there was no suspense in the battle between the two. The King of Ten Thousand Ghosts was easily subdued by the Lord of Li Soul. Unfortunately, the Lord of Li Soul did not intend to obliterate him, but put him aside. The ghost king always felt that it was not only himself who was calculated this time, but when he thought that in order not to expose himself, let Soul Mietian enter here and extradite him by way of sacrifice, and even paid so much price, in the end. It was only for the dowry of the Lord of Li Soul, and the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts was completely unhappy.

"Here is the place where the Master of Soul Li retreats, so be careful." For a while, with the end of the battle between the Master of Soul Li and the two, the figures of Xiao Yan and the two also came here together.

The real highlight, kicked off.