Chapter 418: Intense auction!

In private room No. 1, there are also very familiar figures.

Sitting here is the third prince Xuanmu.

"Nine Yin Demon Insect... It is said that this thing was quite rare in the ancient times, and almost most of the poisons in the world can be solved. If there is such a treasure, it is also the poison sect to deal with the wild land. I have some confidence." Xuanmu also thought deeply.

"Third prince, although this thing is good, we still have to keep the funds for the auction of the last thing, and it must not be garish." An elderly man beside Xuanmu also spoke slowly.

The old man was dressed in linen clothes, with white hair and beard, and his appearance was very ordinary.

"What Uncle Huang said is very true... But this thing can still be fought for." After Xuan Mu finished speaking, he also put his eyes on the crystal platform.

In the second private room, Xuan Shan and Lao Zhuo also sat down slowly.

"Old Zhuo, what is this Nine-Yin Demon Insect..." Xuanshan also asked, because even if they were far apart, Xuanshan could still get the chubby Nine-Yin Demon Insect from the chubby Nine-Yin Demon Insect in the hands of Blood Rose on the crystal platform. A very cold force was felt in it.

"Haha, these Nine Yin Demon Insects are rare things."

"But for us, it's not very useful." The old man also stroked his white beard.

"That old man, why are we coming to this auction...Aren't we going to the desert area..." Xuanshan was also extremely enthusiastic, obviously compared to this coveted auction, the place full of crises made him more attractive obsessed.

"Hehe, you're just too persistent. The desert area is not as simple as you think, a place full of dangers... And this auction, I heard that there are some incredible things, so I'll take you to see it." He also smiled slowly, but he was very satisfied in his voice. Although his disciple was a prince, he did not have the habit of being spoiled, and he had the enthusiasm like a man of steel.

In the private room No. 3, a man with a very lean complexion was also sitting in it slowly. If Xiao Yan was here, he would definitely find that the person sitting in the private room No. 3 was the one who had agreed with Xiao Yan to go to the desert area. stall owner!

Besides this lean man, there were two other people in the private room No. 3, one was a woman and the other was a middle-aged man.

The woman squeaked out her skirt, which perfectly set off her figure, but the undulating twin peaks on her chest were extremely spectacular, and the other man was just like the average person, the only difference was the conspicuous scar on the man's forehead!

It can be seen that the middle-aged man and the stall owner also have great respect for this woman.

"Leader, this time we found an alchemist. The rank is the peak of the first rank of the emperor, and the soul power has also reached the peak of the emperor's mortal rank." The stall owner also slowly said to the woman.

"Oh?"

"It's actually an alchemist at the peak of the emperor's mortal rank...and the rank is quite high."

"I remember that none of the alchemists in Xuan Santian had the guts to go to the desert."

"Coyote, where did you find this man?"

"How about the details? Is it reliable?" The woman also cast her gaze, which had been staring at the Nine Yin Demon Worm on the auction crystal stage, on the stall owner named Coyote.

"Reporting to the commander, this person's name is Xiao Yan, a disciple of Fenxiang Pavilion. It is said that he was born in a small city on the Xuanling Continent, and in the previous points looting competition, although he was tricky, he killed the real deal. A twin ghost emperor who is comparable to the human eight-star fighting emperor level." The coyote also respectfully said.

"Bang bang bang!" The rather delicate teacup on the woman's palm was also shattered instantly. The strange thing was that after the cup was shattered, there was no trace of debris, but only a trace of mist.

"It seems that this desert area should be very interesting!"

"Go on, prepare things in advance, and leave as soon as the auction ends!" The woman also stood up suddenly and said.

"Yes, Captain!" The coyote responded and left the private room, obviously to prepare something.

In the private room No. 3, the woman's beautiful eyes moved slightly, and the corner of her mouth seemed to be whispering something: "Holy Flame... You can't escape this time."

The man on the side seemed to notice the fiery heat in the woman's eyes, and then he also said, "Head, these Nine Yin Demon Worms, can we grab them?"

"Although this thing has a lot of uses, it's not enough to make our hearts go, let them go." After the woman finished speaking, I was going to do it again.

In private room No. 4, two figures also appeared here.

"Father, this is a good thing, we can't let it go!" It was Sun Xiang who was just talking to Xiao Yan and the others. As for the middle-aged man in front of him, he also had a big oily belly, and then a pair of With an oily face, he obviously looks like a wealthy person.

"Hehe, I told you earlier, it's a troubled time, don't cause me trouble, otherwise..." Although he is fat, the middle-aged man is now the head of the Sun Family in Xuanling City, a powerhouse at the level of an eight-star Dou Di, so whether it is to let go Nowhere is it to be underestimated.

"Let them fight for this thing first... Let's wait and see what happens." After the big fat man finished speaking, he closed his eyes and ears and stopped talking.

Sun Xiang also snorted coldly, and then stared at the blood rose on the crystal platform, the corners of his mouth moved slightly, and a hint of evil thoughts emerged spontaneously.

"The background of this Blood Rose is a bit powerful, so don't mess around." The big fat man also discovered some of his son's other thoughts, and immediately said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I know, I know." Sun Xiang heard the words and said very impatiently, but Sun Xiang still knew that since his father was so instant, then this Blood Rose was definitely unable to move, and it was worth swallowing the saliva immediately.

"Everyone can start raising the price, and each price increase must not be less than five million." Blood Rose also gave everyone a chance to breathe and discuss after she just said the price. .

"15 million." In the private room No. 1, bids were also slowly made.

"Twenty million!" A cold hum also came from private room No. 4.

"Tsk tsk tsk, this is really a big handwriting..."

"As soon as the shot is made, the price will be increased by 10 million. It seems that it is inevitable..." The voice in the No. 4 private room also came out.

"This is…"

"Forcing the sound into a line?"

"Just the power in this voice, I am afraid that the auctioneer's strength will not be lower than that of the Seven Star Dou Emperor. UU read www.uukanshu.com" Xiao Yan also suddenly discovered.

What made Xiao Yan a little depressed was that there seemed to be some other power in this voice, which was like a toxin, but Xiao Yan didn't perceive it carefully.

"Twenty-five million." A very deep voice also came from private room No. 31.

"Thirty million." The senior sister in the private room No. 4 seemed to have moved her eyelids slightly, and then opened her mouth.

Because the voice in private room number 31 just now had an aura that was quite familiar to her.

"Forty million!" In the private room No. 20, a burst of laughter appeared instantly.

"Fifty million!" In the private room No. 4, there was also a blunt voice.

"Sixty million!" The figure in the private room No. 31 was also moving.

"Senior sister, we can't add it anymore, we are here this time for the last thing." The little junior sister on the side said extremely worriedly.

"70 million!" In the private room No. 4, the senior sister was also increasing the price.

"You won, hahaha." The people in private room No. 31 also laughed.

"Bastards, people from the Viper Sect, next time you will look good!" The auctioneer in the private room No. 4 also cursed secretly, and then sat down directly.

"The people in Private Room No. 4 offered 70 million yuan, but is there anything higher than this?" Xue Qiangwei also saw the vigour of the three of them, so she did not speak, but said when no one was raising the price.

Ask for tickets!