Chapter Vol 4 1946: The third remnant picture of the Holy Flame List, the reincarnation of heaven...

"What the **** is going on?" Looking at this extremely mysterious forest area, and seeing the bustling ancient trees with humble attitudes crawling quietly like a servant, Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering.

Not to mention that the substantive murderous aura of the hundreds of monsters in the emerald green passage just now was quelled by this sound, plus all the power in his own body that came into this forest failed, and the Xiao clan in his body had all failed. The restlessness of the bloodline, etc., in Xiao Yan's body, countless questions plagued him, but now the situation, obviously can only take one step at a time, after all, here is the demon emperor guiding him to come, this guy should not harm him.

"Come here." A light voice sounded slowly in Zaidu, and the voice twisted and flowed out from the depths of this forest.

As soon as the voice came out, everything fell silent, the demonic energy in the entire forest went silent, and countless lush life breaths swept out, nourishing Xiao Yan's body, making Xiao Yan feel like a spring breeze, extremely warm.

"Let's go and have a look." After thinking for a while, there was no result, Xiao Yan could only move slowly.

"Weng Om Om!" Walking along the way, along the forest path surrounded by countless flowers, plants and trees, Xiao Yan could feel the countless ancient auras on both sides. In addition to the demonic aura, there were also many tyrannical auras. His breath, among those breaths, there was actually less hostility and more gentle and familiar fluctuations, which were extraordinarily friendly.

"Crash!" With a sound, the sound of calm water flow emerged, and the forest path also came to an end. At first glance, in this plain lake, the water surface was crystal clear, but the lake water exuded a special Fragrant and suspicious.

"Strange, where did that sound come from?" Xiao Yan stood blankly on the edge of the lake without stepping into it rashly, and glanced away.

"Huuuuu!" Xiao Yan's eyes were just looking at the mysterious lake in front of him, and he suddenly saw a piece of land that was only about 100 meters in size in the center of the lake.

And that piece of land was bizarrely floating on the surface of the lake, and even a stele several tens of feet high stood in it, and at this time, the golden rays of light danced like leaves on this piece of land.

"Weng buzzing!" At this moment, Xiao Yan's body, the blood of the Xiao clan was violently tumbling, as if there were their Xiao clan people around, Fen Jue in the body did not know what force was pulling it, and it turned out to be running fast!

The most bizarre thing is that the amber rock soul fire and the immortal flame fused with four-color flames in Xiao Yan's body, both of them diffused out of Xiao Yan's body uncontrollably, and immediately suspended tremblingly in front of Xiao Yan's chest, The monstrous fighting spirit is vented!

And the source of all this seems to be just the mysterious land in the center of the lake.

"Come here." Just when Xiao Yan was extremely puzzled, a golden beam of light emerged from the land of the lake easily, and immediately brought Xiao Yan's body and came directly here.

"What's the situation?" Just when he came to the land in the center of the lake with the help of this mysterious power, Xiao Yan found that there was something else besides a stone tablet that stood up from ancient times.

And this stele is nothing special, it's just the same as any other stele, but it makes Xiao Yan feel that the stele has another mystery.

"Xiao Yan, the descendant of the Xiao family, pays respects to the senior." After a glance, he found nothing, Xiao Yan clasped his fists and respectfully opened his mouth to the stone tablet in front of him.

"..." However, after a long time, no voice responded to Xiao Yan, and even the original voice that guided Xiao Yan disappeared.

"Weng buzzing!" At this time, the amber rock soul fire and immortal flame all over Xiao Yan's body burst out with a solemn and solemn aura, and immediately stared at the back of the stone tablet.

"Xuuuu!" Xiao Yan followed and saw that there was nothing unique about it. Just when he was about to turn his head, two groups of flames burst out, and there seemed to be something behind the stone tablet.

Being attacked like this by the second group, at this time, behind this seemingly innocuous stone tablet, a golden beam of light loomed.

"Come out!" Xiao Yan just glanced over, and suddenly cold sweat broke out involuntarily, and snorted coldly.

"Pfft." Xiao Yan's shout just fell, and the golden light beam behind the stone tablet slowly fell off, and immediately flew towards Xiao Yan.

"Not good!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan cursed in his heart, but he couldn't care about other things at this time. After all, when he entered this mysterious forest, his power seemed to be sealed, and he couldn't take the initiative to use it!

"Shasha." The golden light group suddenly stopped when it was close to Xiao Yan, and immediately under Xiao Yan's stunned gaze, the golden light slowly dissipated, revealing its original appearance.

This is a map.

To be precise, it is an incomplete map.

On the map, countless ancient and complex characters were recorded, which Xiao Yan had never heard of before. Adding in some other scenery, Xiao Yan frowned and thought for a while.

"What the **** is this?"

"Could it be that this is what our seniors of the Xiao clan left behind?" Xiao Yan did not rush to catch this map, but looked at it carefully.

This is a yellowed remnant picture, I am afraid it is quite old, and in addition to some complicated words, there are three figures.

The three figures stood on the left, with their hands raised high and the corners of their mouths slightly open, as if they were chanting some ancient incantation.

On the other side, you can also vaguely see three pairs of arms raised like them seems to be carrying out some kind of ancient sacrifice, but the map on the right looks like it is missing and mutilated .

This residual image should be divided into left and right halves, and the one in front of Xiao Yan is the left part.

After looking at it, I found that where the center of the map was divided, a round object like a scorching sun was hanging on it, and the whole was at the highest point dragged by everyone's hands!

"Pfft!" Xiao Yan still wanted to wait and see, but the soul realm in his body was violently tumbling. Obviously, the true face of this thing has exceeded the limit that Xiao Yan can sense now. If he continues to explore rashly, I am afraid...

"Oops." Just when Xiao Yan gave up in doubt, Amber Yan's soul fire was not under Xiao Yan's control, he held his breath and slammed into this remnant picture.

"Don't..." Xiao Yan roared, but found that he couldn't control Amber Flame's soul fire at all.

"Weng hum!" With a sound, the ancient Sanskrit sound slowly emerged, and with the action of Amber Flame Soul Fire, a scorching heat beyond heaven and earth swept out from the three figures on this map.

But the scorching sun that hung high was falling off little by little. The golden fire fox was added with golden ancient patterns, like a real god's mansion descending. That kind of oppressive power made Xiao Yan unable to help but worship.

"Golden flame? Six figures correspond to six..."

"Could this be... the Reincarnation Flame of the Heavenly Dao ranked third on the Holy Flame List?"

"How... how is that possible?" Looking at the golden fiery fox that suddenly appeared above the yellowed ancient map, Xiao Yan's whole body softened, and he was directly suppressed by this terrifying aura that surpassed the sky and the earth, but his Looking at this remnant with a complex expression and shocking eyes, it caused a monstrous wave in my heart!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: