Chapter Vol 4 1858: Come on, he's a hero!

The awe-inspiring and sacred grand palace, like a full moon falling from the sky into the mortal world, with an irresistible sacred atmosphere, turned into an unattainable divine mansion, even the entire space, countless mountains, trembling, It seems that once the Tianmu Palace falls into the mortal world, this territory will instantly turn into dust.

The tens of thousands of splendid buildings behind Mekal trembled slightly and fell to the ground little by little. What kind of brilliance was that?

Can the power in a human really be so powerful that it is prohibitive?

Big enough to mobilize all the energy between heaven and earth!

Within this riddled barrier of light, countless mountains are buzzing, and the bright sun in the sky seems to have absorbed all nutrients. All the creatures in the barrier seem to be slowly exhausted at this time. The power has been completely deprived of Merkal!

"Give it to me!" Hundreds of thousands of human beings who came out of the sanctuary watched the strange evil bead in the sky about to collide with the Forbidden Technique Heavenly Palace. There was a sourness in their noses, their pupils burst red, and a grudge appeared on their bodies. Whether the strength is Dou Di or Dou Xian, they are all blasting away at the sky. For a time, the mighty force forms a majestic wave, with countless completely different forces, and they go away. !

Even if this power is insignificant!

Even if this power is vulnerable in Mekal's eyes, for the homeland behind them, at this moment, no one backs down!

"Forbidden..."

"Break me!" Seeing the temple slowly descending on the sky, Xiao Yan's demon armor disintegrated instantly, the power of the demons on his body faded rapidly, and even Xiao Yan's vindictiveness, holy flame and soul power became wilted for a while !

It seemed like a simple move just now, but the fusion of demon power and holy flame was a shocking move, no less than walking around the gate of death and returning by luck, and only Xiao Yan knew what the strange beads contained. Such power.

"Boom!" After the blink of an eye, strange evil beads and forbidden buildings came quietly.

"Devil...fall!" Seeing the forbidden spell coming, Mekal was at a height below zero, the angel wings behind him kept stirring up, the entire barrier of light thundered and thundered, and the wind and clouds changed color, which was no different from the real hell.

There is no vitality, even all the flowers, plants and trees show an extreme withered disease, darkening and turning into dark gray, their power has been stolen by Mekal, and all of them are injected into the forbidden building.

The forbidden building is intricate, but the golden holy pattern contained on it is like the pattern of judgment carefully engraved by a real angel, imprisoning all evil in the world!

"Dong dong dong!" The two just contacted, and the endless holy light descended. Those holy lights were mixed with countless sacred breaths. Every time they spread out from the sky and hit any mountain trees along the way, the latter would be instantly wiped out.

"Bloom!" Watching the forbidden art building wrap up the evil beads in a force of suppression, it feels like the evil beads are imprisoned in a palace of death, completely blocked by countless sacred chains, unable to break free!

But so what?

The combination of the devil and the holy flame, wouldn't it have only so much power?

"Crash!" Xiao Yan's voice fell, as if he had used up the last bit of his energy. On his arm, the demon blade flashed with unparalleled evil. Immediately, his body jumped, and with the help of his last strength, he shot at the angel. Go and try to kill the angel!

"ended!"

"The devil is after all..."

"Pfft!"

"Boom!" There was a gloomy smile on the corner of Mekal's mouth. Just as he was about to speak, he saw a strange bead, like a gorgeous firework, in the forbidden building in front of him. With a bang, it exploded completely!

And with the explosion of this weird bead, the two powers of the amber holy flame and the dark green demon power are venting their emotions!

The power of holy flame, the sacred breath of light, is no less than the power of angels. Adding the power of demons, at this moment, Mekal's heart shrank involuntarily, his heart began to speed up, and a shock filled his heart!

The forbidden technique has also drained all her strength, and the outcome of this battle will be completely decided at this time!

"impossible!"

"Destroy me!" Looking at the dazzling brilliance of the evil beads that have been bound to the temple building, the dazzling brilliance continues to bloom and spread, and after a while, it has become so huge that the temple building can't resist, it seems that the next moment will The Temple of the Forbidden Technique was completely broken, and Mekal began to panic. The angel wings behind him began to shake violently uncontrollably, and the holy angelic powers were injected with angel feathers.

"Mekar, you are unforgivable!"

"Just use your life to pay homage to those innocent human beings who died in your hands!" Xiao Yan's icy killing intent swept across the sky, his entire body tensed, and the only demon arrow on his arm was like a crossbow arrow that broke away from Gong Xuan. It blasted away!

As for the semi-forbidden temple building above the sky, after only supporting it for a moment, because it could not bear the power of the evil beads, it was completely shattered, and a shred of radiant fragments fell from the sky powerlessly!

And that enchantment of light was also completely defeated by the bead of evil!

"I'm an angel, you can't kill me!"

"Otherwise the Holy See will never let you go!"

"Hahaha...Devil, this time, I won. See you next time. Mekal will definitely get back all the shame today!" Seeing that Xiao Yan only had the power of the last blow, Mekal suddenly went crazy 's smile.

Although he is now at the end of his force, but with Xiao Yan's current state, the demon arrows are enough to obliterate him, but he has no extra power to lock himself, and he can escape from here with the help of angel wings!

After all, he still won today, but Mekal also knows that this time he took it lightly.

"Not good!" Xiao Yan's speed was extremely fast, but it was too late to chase after Mekal, because he had to control the demon's arrows, and there was no extra power to reverse the direction!

And once the angel runs away this time, I am afraid it will bring unimaginable disasters, whether it is for the Endless Fire Territory or the Tianxing Continent!

"Xingchen... holy prisoner!"

"Little fairy!"

"The world of wood, the holy wall!"

"Tianxue Lock!"

"..." At this moment, in the void below, one after another roared and roared, which was enough to make one's blood boil, like a fierce beast that killed red-eyed beasts violently, the majestic power was like a tide, instantly locked on Mekal!

"Weng Om!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan, Lin Yunshu's body was surrounded by the power of stars, forming an unparalleled holy palace of stars, and a wooden holy wall composed of emperors, which directly imprisoned Mekal, unable to move at all.

"Blessings from the stars!"

"Xiao Yan, we can't kill the angel, please do it!"

"Also ask Lord Xiao Yan to kill the real demon!" In the dark crowd below, countless humans said in unison.

"Weng buzzing!" The dazzling power of the stars fell off Lin Yunshu's body and slowly lingered around Xiao Yan, repairing the many scars on Xiao Yan's body, like a holy garment of stars, which enhanced Xiao Yan's breath. to the top!

A body blessed with the power of an angel cannot be shaken by humans, but it is not for Xiao Yan!

On Xiao Yan's body, the dark green demon arrows became bright, and the evil light on his body changed from dim to bright with the help of the star clothing.

"Go to **** and repent!" With the blessing of the star clothing, Xiao Yan's strength was soaring, his body trembled suddenly, carrying a demon arrow, without any pause, directly pierced through the angel's body of the angel Mekal!

Even though she has angel wings, and even has angel power to protect her body, under her own demon arrows, she has already become no different from a piece of tissue paper!

"Boom boom boom!" The demon arrow pierced Mekal completely The bright red blood dripped from Mekal's body, even now, she still couldn't believe that she would die in the In the hands of an unknown person.

"You are such a filthy soul, you are not worthy of your actions and you will get the devil's food!"

"Destroy it completely." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the amber flame and soul fire rippling out, entwining a faint light in Mekal's body, and there was nothing left of the burning after breathing.

"Just use your blood to repair this space." After destroying Mekal's body and spirit, Xiao Yan wrapped the remaining blood in holy flame, and was assisted by his own holy flame, dripping like holy rain Falling down, for a while, the void poured by the blood of angels gradually became quiet, and even the void full of holes was completely repaired by the blood of this extremely holy angel.

After doing all this, the power in Xiao Yan disintegrated instantly, the power of the devil disappeared, and he fell from the sky like an ordinary person.

"This time, I finally succeeded." Not wanting to pay attention to these things, Xiao Yan's eyelids became heavy, and when he was in a coma, he finally muttered, and his voice suddenly disappeared.

"Little guy... you are the hero of our Star Continent." The emperor carefully caught Xiao Yan's figure and couldn't help saying.

"Lord Xiao Yan!" Then the hundreds of thousands of mighty human beings roared from the bottom of their hearts. The voice was long and long, lingering in the sky for a long time.

Obviously, the current Xiao Yan's status in their hearts has already surpassed that of the emperor and princess!

The trip to the Tianxing Continent also came to an end quietly at this time.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.