Chapter Vol 4 1759: Due to the hearts of the people!

"Crash!" Ever since Xiao Yan used the domain to include the Demon Empress of Poison Temple, Xuan Santian's sky has returned to normal, but no one knows who wins or loses.

"Bang bang bang!" For a time, the outside world did not have the leadership of the Poison Temple Demon Empress, and with the sudden influx of Wan Huo Sect's four-star fighting immortals and five-star fighting immortals, the battle situation has become without the slightest suspense.

"Sister Cailin, are you alright?" As the battle between good and evil slowly ended in the sky, a rather playful figure came gently behind Cailin and smiled sweetly.

"You girl." Looking at the beautiful person in front of her, Cai Lin also smiled.

Cailin knew Mu Yingying's feelings for Xiao Yan, but unfortunately Xiao Yan kept running away because of herself and Xun'er, but in the end, Mu Yingying offered sacrifices to let Xiao Yan understand everything. Yingying's resurrection is enough to show that Xiao Yan is a kind and righteous fellow, and it also proves that Cai Lin's understanding of Xiao Yan has not changed.

"It's okay... take a rest, wait for him to return in triumph." Cailin's palm slowly floated up, holding Mu Yingying's slender jade hand, standing together in the sky, and Mu Yingying slowly smiled because of this scene. , it seems that the two have reached some connection at this moment.

"Report to the Queen..."

"There are a total of 3,700 evildoers, and they were all beheaded, and nothing escaped." After a while, dozens of people from Huoyi and some high-level officials from Xuantian came to Queen Medusa. He opened his mouth and said, obviously after the battle just now, they can understand that although this seemingly glamorous woman is only a five-star fighting immortal, the fierce aura contained in her body is not even a six-star fighting immortal.

"Everyone came from afar, it's hard work."

"Hua She'er, take everyone down for a good rest." Cai Lin politely smiled at Huo Yi's group.

"Thank you Queen." Huo Yi and the others heard the words, and slowly walked towards Xuan Santian's habitat, and they didn't need to do the rest for the time being.

"Masters, please come back."

"The **** team, clean up the scene, and send another guard to check Xuan Santian's protection formation and damaged facilities."

"..." Since the orderly orders were issued from Cailin's mouth, many people behind them nodded and followed suit.

"Bang bang bang!" Along the entire sky, there were only Cailin and Mu Yingying. After a while, a huge crack suddenly opened in the sky, and Xiao Yan's body immediately emerged.

"Huhu...I'm finally back." Seeing that the two women in front of him were at peace, and that there was no danger in this piece of Xuantiantian, which contained some strong feelings, Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"Let's go, go back first, and have a long-term plan." Cailin and Mu Yingying smiled sweetly at him, and immediately left without waiting for Xiao Yan to face the Mountain of Mysterious Spirit.

"Tsk tsk... Did you reach a consensus in such a short period of time?"

"Shouldn't you let me sleep in the woodshed..." Xiao Yan could only helplessly shake his head, then followed.

At the end of the war, all the evil people who attacked the Xuanling Continent, including the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple, were all killed, and Xuantian Santian also became tyrannical because Xiao Yan brought the strong people of Ten Thousand Fire Sect, and a huge number of people became tyrannical. Surrounded by the Xuanling Mountain, the guards here are impassable, just like the palace compound, which can only be entered and cannot be exited.

The mountain of Xuanling, on the top of the mountain.

The Mountain of Mysterious Spirit was originally a huge mountain. Several serpent-shaped palaces emerged on top of it, which set off its majesty. On top of this mountain, Xiao Yan’s huge statue of hundreds of meters stood quietly, and countless roads outside the palace were all connected. Go to the top of the mountain for worship.

"This statue... It's really delicate and slightly warped." At this time, a man and two Qianying walked slowly on the steps, looking at the huge statue in front of them, they couldn't help but say.

"Of course, this is from Elder Zhu." As she spoke, Qian Ying, who was quite tall, smiled.

"I don't know what happened to Zhu Lao and Yan Chi..." Xiao Yan also wondered after hearing this.

"There are many disciples of Xuantian San, after you left, many of them went back and left here, including Mu Feng, Qin Xin and others, but strong people like Zhu Lao are still guarding the burning incense. Pavilion, to continuously cultivate talents for our Xuanling Continent."

"As for Senior Yan Chi, he just went into seclusion not long ago, saying that he is preparing to break through the barrier of the Four Star Fighting Immortal."

"..." Familiar figures continued to emerge from Cailin's mouth, while Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying listened quietly.

"By the way... Where's Yueru?" After a while, Xiao Yan suddenly asked after hearing the situation of these partners and teachers.

I remember that when she fought against Xuanling Emperor, Yueru helped her a lot, why didn't she see her this time?

"Yueru..."

"Since the catastrophe of the Xuanling Continent ended and you left in a hurry, Yueru has disappeared..."

"I have secretly asked her master, and it seems that she entered the... fairy world based on the inheritance of the Fairy Moon." Cai Lin said with difficulty, and her expression was a little gloomy.

"Immortal world?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and suddenly said in surprise.

Although there are few strong human beings in the immortal world, they are all strong among the strong without exception.

"Forget it, I hope she's all right, send someone to the edge of Xuanling Continent to take care of the Qingcheng Yue Family."

"Let's go, it's time to go back." As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan immediately took the lead, heading towards the top of the mountain.

On the top of Xuanling Mountain, this is a quite quiet manor. The manor is quite quiet, and the terrain is huge. The heaven and earth are rich in spiritual energy. Usually, it is basically a place of retreat for Cailin. Now Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan They also lived together and came in, and it was a lot of fun.

In the pond and pavilion in the back garden of the manor.

"Now all the forces on the Xuanling Continent have completely surrendered to us during the time you left Among them, many teachers of your division have contributed greatly." In the pavilion, Cailin was seated dignifiedly, and Mu Yingying was quite playful, sitting in the futon, stroking the jade piano in her hand, looking quite like a lady.

"I also brought back thousands of elites from the ghost world. These guys are all born and die, and they are trustworthy... and their strength is basically on the rank of Fighting Immortals. Compared with the overall strength of the Xuanling Continent today, they still need to be trusted. A lot of tyranny." Xiao Yan also knew what Cailin meant, and immediately opened his mouth slightly.

"Other forces don't need to worry, all the super sects in Xuan Santian can absolutely be trusted. In addition, we have a lot of new good guys from the Snake People, this time should be able to help you." Cailin With a slight smile, she said, obviously during the years when Xiao Yan left, she did not relax for a moment, and just now completely ruled the Xuanling Continent. I am afraid that only she knows the hardships involved.

However, Cailin was indifferent by nature and naturally would not say these things easily. Now that Xiao Yan has returned, he can naturally retreat to the background slowly, and he can be a little lazy.

"Thank you for your hard work. When I build this place into a shelter, I will go down and pick them up." Xiao Yan looked at Cailin tenderly, and the concern in his words was obvious.

"En." When Cailin heard the words, her delicate body was shocked, and she said with a nasal voice.

"But next... what are you going to do?" After a while, Cai Lin and Mu Yingying asked Xiao Yan in unison as if they had negotiated beforehand.