Chapter Vol 4 1740: Soul Killer vs Soul Eater!

"Boom!" The entire desert hinterland turned discolored, and the strong fluctuations generated by the two reincarnation powerhouses, Lord of Soul and Lord of Soul Eater, completely shattered the entire space. First release https://https://

"Break this seat!" Seeing the blood-colored chains with an unstoppable evil aura, slaughtered at him, the Soul Eater stomped heavily on the void, and then countless spells on his body emerged, directly against him. Roaring away.

These incantations seem weak, only the size of a thumb, but without exception, they all fell out of the Soul Eater Talisman, and the power contained in them is enough to shake the world!

"Kacha!" With a sound, the seemingly indestructible blood-colored chains were directly smashed by seemingly insignificant black incantations, turned into traces of black light, and dissipated between heaven and earth.

"It seems that your so-called reincarnation... is not complete." Seeing that a random blow from the black incantation completely wiped out the attack of the Lord of Soul Li, the Lord of Soul Eater's mouth slowly surged, and he said softly.

"Master of Soul Eater, don't be too happy too soon!" Listening to Master Soul Eater's contemptuous words, Master Li Soul couldn't help clenching his teeth, roaring, and the blood clouds rolled around under his feet, as if there was something terrifying Something is about to be born.

Through the simple battle just now, the Master of Li Soul knew that the current Master of Soul Eater is also a real reincarnation realm. Although he has not stepped into the first-level reincarnation realm, there is still a big gap between his own reincarnation and the latter's reincarnation.

After all, the Lord of Li Soul casts the road of reincarnation through holy flames and the blood and blood of countless strong men. On the other hand, the Lord of Soul Eater steps into reincarnation step by step. There are naturally many gaps between the two. This disparity, in the battle, the Fang is vivid and vivid.

"It seems that I can only use that thing... Otherwise, the Soul Eater Lord under the reincarnation is now adding the increase of the Soul Eater Talisman. I am afraid that today, there will be a lot of misfortune." come out.

"Use any other means, otherwise..." The Lord of Soul Eater stared at the Lord of Li Soul with a smile, and the Soul Eater Talisman that had already been branded on his forehead continued to spread out black lines. The power of devouring slowly burst out.

"Master of Soul Eater, you forced me, I didn't want to use this thing." Seeing the confidence in the corner of Master Soul Eater's mouth, Master Li roared viciously.

"Come out to this seat!" Without any hesitation, Lord Li Soul suddenly took out a rather exquisite scroll from under his sleeve.

The scroll as a whole showed a strange black color, and just after it appeared, this space was filled with a strong sense of unease.

The scroll is like a circular slip, with countless tiny lines engraved all over its body, which can be vaguely distinguished. Those lines turned out to form an extremely ferocious ghost, and the ghost is monstrous and vicious, as if guarding the scroll. something inside.

"This is..." At this moment, the Lord of Soul Eater flashed a dim light all over his body, and said vigilantly.

The Soul Eater Talisman is one of the twelve evil soldiers in the ghost world. Its power is naturally close to that of the gods in the human world, but it is only because of the power of both the current Soul Eater Lord, the strange scroll in the hands of the Li Soul Lord. When it appeared, my heart trembled involuntarily!

"Come out, Soul Killer!" Looking at the doubts on the face of the Lord of Soul Eater, the Lord of Li Soul laughed frantically, and as the voice fell, on the black gloomy scroll, an illusory ghost thousands of feet tall , was directly torn down from the scroll by the Lord of Soul Li, and suddenly with an evil and monstrous magic power, tried to attack the Lord of Soul Li.

"Kacha!" The Master of Soul Li's hand was quick, and he grabbed the scroll abruptly. For a time, a delicate knife that touched an inch or so slowly floated in front of him, but with the appearance of the knife, the hideous ghost disappeared in an instant. , In the whole sky, there is an extremely dignified depression!

This small knife is definitely not ordinary!

"This is..." Hao Ni'er below opened her beautiful eyes and stared at the black knife tightly, a sense of fear arose spontaneously.

"Senior sister, is this?" Xiao Yan also felt the gloomy aura on the black knife that could destroy everything, and immediately asked.

"Soul Destroyer Sword, the ninth of the twelve evil soldiers in the ghost world."

"This knife was forged by a certain reincarnation powerhouse in the ghost world in his life, and it is known as killing all undead ghosts and ghosts."

"Once it is touched by its attack, only the soul will fly away, even if it is a strong person at the reincarnation level." Hao Ni'er raised her eyebrows, clenched her cold palm tightly, and said nervously.

The Lord of Soul Eater has the blessing of the Soul Eater Talisman, and can basically achieve an immortal body, but even so, once he is cut by the Soul Destruction Blade, I am afraid that it is stronger than the Lord of Soul Eater, and it will be seriously injured or even fall in an instant!

"Soul Destroyer... It's hidden deep enough." Looking at the exquisite knife exuding supreme power in front of him, the Soul Eater still smiled slightly.

"Soul Eater, it's over."

"From now on, the ghost world will be my era. Let me inherit everything for you."

"Hahaha!"

"Behead this seat!" The roar like a madman resounded throughout the world.

"Soul Destroyer is indeed tyrannical, indeed a lot more tyrannical than my Soul Eater Talisman... But with this, it's not enough..." Seeing the Master of Soul Eater, who was holding the winning ticket, the Master Soul Eater smiled.

"Soul Devouring Talisman, Swallow the Divine Realm!" Without any extra action, countless black incantations directly and completely wrapped the entire void, and the power of devouring immediately filled the entire desert!

The domain of the Lord of Soul Eater is based on the Soul Eater Talisman. It used to be swallowing the sky and devouring the earth.

In the black realm, the terrifying suction force that is enough to devour all things continues to emerge, but this force is completely different from the power displayed by the Soul Killer.

After performing such a terrifying blow, after a while, the Lord of Soul Eater still did not stop. He knew that alone might not be enough to defeat the Lord of Li Soul. At that time, he would also have something in his body. The most yin and evil things are born slowly.

"Soul-killing knife, slaying ghosts and gods!" Without any hesitation, the Master of Li Soul held a black knife in his hand, and a mouthful of blood gushed out on it. Suddenly, the black knife was like a demon, and a dazzling black light erupted. With the blade, it moved towards Soul Eater. The Lord roared away.

"teacher……"

"Master..." Seeing the Lord of Souls in such a world-destroying posture, the Lord of Soul Eater, who was as quiet as a stubborn stone in the Swallowing Heaven Realm, many of Soul Eater's henchmen below couldn't help but murmured. There was a hint of concern in it.

Although Tiantian Divine Realm is tyrannical, compared to a soul destroying knife, it is still a little bit worse!

And in the battle of the reincarnation-level powerhouse, such a small gap is enough to determine the real victory or defeat! New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest computer: https://

"It seems that this battle is over." At the beginning of the battle in the sky, Xiao Sensheng in Xiao Yan's body laughed, because only the reincarnation powerhouse can perceive that the Soul Killer Saber is indeed not powerful. The vulgarity is enough to completely obliterate the Lord of Soul Eater, but at this time, within the main body of the calm Soul Eater, an even more sinister force, like an ancient dragon, slowly awakened.

Even that power, compared to the local power displayed by the Soul Destroyer Sword, is only stronger or weaker!

For a time, the entire shattered desert hinterland trembled, as if it would explode at any time, and the battle between the two reincarnation powerhouses had also come to an end.