Chapter 321: Weird figure!

After Xiao Yan, Mu Yingying and Xiao Yi came out of the Dou Di River Hall, Xiao Yi and Mu Yingying went back to Wuzhuju, where they lived. After Xiao Yan came back, they could also set off towards the Xuanling Emperor Pond. , As for Xiao Yan, he went non-stop towards the place named Zhu Lao.

When Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying and Xiaoyi were saying goodbye, Mu Yingying also whispered to herself.

"Xiao Yan, be careful, I heard that the old man called Zhu Lao is very eccentric..." The moment Mu Yingying spoke, her eyes were also uncertain.

Xiao Yan was walking on the road alone and couldn't figure it out. When did Mu Yingying become so good?

Five Bamboo Residence is Mu Yingying's residence.

"do not know why……"

"Every time I approach Xiao Yan, there is always a feeling of peace of mind in my heart..."

"Brother, what did you say this is..."

"It's been so many years, why haven't you gone back..." Mu Yingying also stared blankly into the distance, and then murmured.

But what no one noticed was that when Mu Yingying stared into the distance, her entire pupil became extremely transparent, and an azure flame also appeared in her pupil.

The azure flame seemed to burn everything.

Xiao Yan also walked towards the place where Elder Zhu was, and then he didn't care about this strange change in Mu Yingying, but he was thinking in his heart.

Since this Zhu Lao can become the elder in their human palace, his strength is also extremely terrifying, and from Mu Xuzi and Mu Yingying they are respectful to him, it can be seen that this is called Zhu Lao. The status of the elderly is definitely not low.

"This old Zhu is really strange. He is obviously the elder of our Human Palace, but he lives in the Heavenly Palace..." Xiao Yan remembered the route that Mu Yingying told him. Along the way, he also encountered many Heavenly Palaces. The strength of these disciples is also quite good, but this is not what Xiao Yan cares about, and immediately goes to the place Mu Yingying said.

Since this old Zhu is the leader of the team to go to the Xuanling Emperor Pond this time, he must have something to do with himself, so he is on his way non-stop.

However, Xiao Yan came to the boundary of the Heavenly Palace. After walking around, he was quite helpless. After all, it was the first time that he had come to the Fenxiang Pavilion Heavenly Palace. Even if Mu Yingying explained her route again and again, she was quite concerned about the route. It's unclear, after all, the complexity of this Heavenly Palace is far beyond Xiao Yan's imagination. There are many streets and alleys.

Fortunately, Xiao Yan asked many people along the way, so he didn't get lost.

However, Xiao Yan also found that when he said the word Zhu Lao, the eyes of the disciples in this Heavenly Temple instantly became extremely embarrassed, as if the word Zhu Lao had some kind of magic power.

"Senior brother, how do you get to the place where Zhu Lao lives..." Xiao Yan also came to a crossroad, and then hesitated where to go. At this time, a figure also appeared in Xiao Yan's line of sight, so Xiao Yan also asked forward.

The person Xiao Yan asked was a slightly slender man. He was dressed in cyan clothes that highlighted his figure incisively and vividly. His hair was coiled and tied with a hairpin, like a gentle boy.

It was just that Xiao Yan also discovered that this man had a rather strange aura, and what puzzled Xiao Yan the most was that the man in front of him had very white skin, like a girl!

"Cough cough cough..."

"Why are you looking for Elder Zhu?"

"Old Zhu can't see outsiders, you can go back quickly." A clear voice also came from the figure in the man's attire, which seemed quite out of place.

"This person seems a bit strange..." Xiao Yan's huge soul power also found something wrong with the man in front of him.

A man, the one who walks and looks like a man is obviously not a man, and his skin is so white, with the addition of the voice, the figure in the man's attire is very likely to be a woman!

"It was Zhu Lao who asked me to come to him." Xiao Yan also couldn't care whether the figure in front of him was a man or a woman. After all, this is the Fenxiang Pavilion where the powerful are like clouds. If you think about it, if you come from other forces, you will not be able to escape this Fenxiang Pavilion. The inner power of the eye.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Your kid's strength is also good, how can you deceive people at such a young age?" The voice of the figure in the man's attire also raised a few decibels, and then said to Xiao Yan.

The identity of Zhu Lao, even in the three halls of heaven, earth and people, is well known to everyone.

This old Zhu has not recruited disciples to take care of them for decades. He has always been in the state of wandering clouds and wild cranes. How can he meet such a kid now...

"Senior brother, why am I lying to you?" Xiao Yan was also devastated and said in a depressed tone.

The figure in front of the man dressed in attire, Xiao Yanguang sensed from his breath that he knew that he was a strong five-star Dou Emperor, so Xiao Yan also gave him due respect, after all, this is also the Burning Incense Pavilion, and Xiao Yan has nothing to do with him. Gratitude, don't make trouble.

"Ah, don't waste my time."

"Old Zhu's residence is right here, turn left and go to the end." The figure in the man's attire also said, and then hurriedly walked out, ignoring Xiao Yan at all.

"Humph!"

"Although my father and the others kept it from me, they still heard it from the bed..."

"I heard that there is a rookie disciple who has obtained the immortal body of Dou Di Hanoi, but I want to see where it is..." The figure in the man's attire also walked towards Xiao Yan's direction.

"It's really scary..." Xiao Yan didn't hear the words in the man's attire, and immediately looked at the figure who was far away, and shook his head secretly. This figure should be a woman, but I don't know why she dressed as a man, but Seeing that she can walk freely in this Burning Incense Pavilion, and her strength has reached the five-star Dou Emperor, she is not low in status.

However, after taking a brief look at it, Xiao Yan also headed towards the place that the woman said.

Xiao Yan walked slowly, and found that the buildings around him were all connected together, forming a rather spectacular scene from one room to another .

"Oh……"

"It's the end..." Xiao Yan also came to the end of the road at the next moment. At the same time, a wooden house exuding strange fluctuations also appeared in Xiao Yan's eyes.

"This wooden house seems to contain some strange power..." Xiao Yan also stood blankly ten meters away from the wooden house.

The next moment, Xiao Yan's mental power also quietly diffused out of his body, and probed towards the surface of the wooden house.

"This……"

"It's actually the fluctuation of spiritual power..." Xiao Yan also stared blankly at the wooden house in front of him, an indescribable feeling spontaneously arises!

"Hehe, the little guy is finally here..." A slightly lazy voice also came from the wooden house slowly.

"What a terrifying power!" When Xiao Yan heard this voice, the first thing he felt was that the fighting qi in his body instantly solidified!

Even the divine movement core inscription deep within the body exudes a tremor!

That's right, it's the tremor!

Although Xiao Yan doesn't know the preciousness of this divine movement core inscription, but it is quite high to think about it. If Xiao Yan can cause such a situation, then the strength of this old Zhu can only be said to be unfathomable!

"Wait for you for a long time..."

"Come in, little guy." The lazy voice continued, and at the same time, the tightly closed wooden door of the wooden house slowly opened.

Ask for tickets!