Chapter Vol 4 1638: Talk and plan!

"Ni Er, I haven't seen you for a long time..."

"This is your little junior brother." Sensing that the void in front of him was squirming, a beautiful figure emerged. The Soul Eater did not turn his head, but still kept his eyes on Xiao Yan's continuous help in healing. He only spoke slightly, but his voice was full of Filled with a sense of relief, it is clear that there are thousands of words in the word Ni Er.

"Teacher..." Perceiving this familiar voice, Hao Ni'er's beautiful eyes were filled with tears.

The importance of the Master of Soul Eater to Hao Ni'er is probably only clear to her. If it wasn't for the Master of Soul Eater, I am afraid that Hao Ni'er would have already fallen in other places, and there will still be the current Agent of Soul Eater Domain.

"Wait a minute, let me settle the injury in your little junior brother's body." Seeing Hao Ni'er like this, the Soul Eater was talking, and he naturally knew the character of this girl.

"En." Hao Ni'er stood silently aside, her head lowered, thinking about something.

On the other side, Xiao Yan's internal injuries were healed by the Master of Soul Eater with all his strength, and he recovered seven to eighty-eight, making Xiao Yan calm down.

Originally, Xiao Yan felt that the meridians in his body that were shattered by the energy fluctuations of the Eight-Star Dou Xian level this time would probably take a lot of time and medicinal pills to repair. Xiao Yan was deeply shocked by the recovery of all his injuries.

"Cough cough..." In an instant, the Master of Soul Eater pulled his hands back behind his back. After a while, Xiao Yan's breath calmed down, but a slight cough emerged from the corner of the Lord of Soul Eater's mouth. The breath of the Lord is a little weak.

"Teacher... Are you okay?" At this time, Hao Ni'er asked cautiously.

Ever since she escaped from the Earth Spirit Pagoda and came here, Hao Ni'er found her teacher's aura, so she came here alone without telling the crowd on the spaceship, and she finally caught up, otherwise her teacher this time situation will become unavoidable.

Now, the Master of Soul Eater is using his source power to heal Xiao Yan, and the Master of Soul Eater was originally a seriously injured body, and now he is using the power of his source to heal Xiao Yan, so Hao Nier couldn't bear it. She felt distressed, but she knew her teacher's character and didn't say anything.

Now that the healing of the two is over, Hao Ni'er speaks softly.

"Junior Xiao Yan, I have seen Senior Sister." Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly stood up and clasped his fist at the ordinary woman in disguise in front of him.

At this time, Hao Ni'er did not show her true face, but disguised herself as a plain-looking woman, in order to hide her breath.

"Young junior brother, you don't need to be more polite." Hao Ni'er also smiled sweetly when she heard the words, and then her jade hand slowly attacked Xiao Yan.

"Squeak." With a sound, Hao Ni'er's white jade-like palm slowly clung to Xiao Yan's, but the ancient jade ring on the jade hand vibrated Weng buzzing, as if something was happening.

"Si Si Si!" In an instant, a chill from the depths of the soul swept through the body!

Xiao Yan's pupils are now tightly shrunk, and he has forgotten where he is. He just feels that he has been involved in a realm of ice, and all the power in his body has been imprisoned. In this white and ice world, Xiao Yan is like a Ants are generally small.

"This is Ni Er's power, don't worry." After a while, the voice of the Soul Eater rang out, and Xiao Yan's restless heart suddenly eased.

"This little junior brother is from the Xiao clan?" After Shunxi, Xiao Yan's entire body of ice was fleeting, and he immediately retreated from the ancient jade ring in Hao Ni'eryu's hand, and Hao Ni'er gently retracted his palm. Going back, he looked at Xiao Yan in surprise and said.

Those who can be accepted as disciples by the Master of Soul Eater are all geniuses out of ten thousand, and the word Xiao Clan is enough to prove Xiao Yan's extraordinary.

"This guy is indeed a descendant of the Xiao clan, and he is also a native descendant of the birthplace of the Xiao clan's lower realm."

"At the beginning of the Second World War, I was involved in the turbulence of space, so I went to the Doudi Continent. It was because of this little guy that I was harvested and helped me all the way. I am now." The Lord of Soul Eater said lightly. .

"En." Hao Ni'er heard the words and nodded lightly, but at this time, Hao Ni'er, who had always been indifferent, actually had a much more favorable impression of this little junior brother. After all, Hao Ni'er and the Soul Eater had an extraordinary relationship. Er has regarded the Soul Eater as an indispensable thing in his life. Xiao Yan's actions have undoubtedly won a lot of trust from Hao Ni'er. This move also laid some foundations for Xiao Yan to dominate the world in the future.

"Okay, let's not talk about this, it's all over now." After a while, the Master of Soul Eater laughed and shook his shoulders.

"Teacher, this thing... Could it be the Qidu Diversion Soul Cup?" After a simple inquiry, it was confirmed that Xiao Yanhe's true identity and the Master of Soul Eater would be fine, except for the injury to the source. Hao Ni'er stared at the delicate lanterns above the soil.

"It is indeed this thing." The Soul Eater replied.

"This thing is said to help you restore your full source power..." Hao Ni'er said with a smile, carefully holding the exquisite lamp.

"This thing is indeed recorded in this way, but whether it really uses such power, we have to use it before we know it." At this moment, the Lord of Soul Eater also opened his mouth and said, obviously if he restores his complete origin, then this time the Second Domain In the war, Li Soul Territory will definitely lose.

"The method of using this thing is already in my mind, but I just need to find a quiet place. After all, these restorations take a lot of time." Looking at such a mysterious Qidu Soul Tractor, the Soul Eater murmured. road.

"Teacher, now half of the army in Soul Eater Domain has taken your 'Soul Eater' spaceship to the territory of Li Soul Domain. It will be a quite quiet paradise." Hao Ni'er said at the next moment.

"Spaceship support..." The Soul Eater heard the words, turned around slowly, and muttered.

"Crack!"

"Teacher, the trip to Dou Di Continent and the ghost world, how much trouble have you been bothering."

"This is the source fire of Ghost Face and Soul Flame, as well as the Holy Flame Crystal. If the teacher can absorb him, then he will enter the dream realm, it will be a matter of course." After the blink of an eye, Xiao Yan's chest rose and fell violently. The cyan liquid flame was wrapped, and cyan crystals appeared in one hand, and Xiao Yan immediately looked at the Soul Eater with a smile and said with a smile.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"This is... the source of holy flame and holy flame crystal of ghost face and soul flame?" At this moment, Xiao Yan, who had already determined that Hao Nier had a lot of goodwill, came to such a place, which made Hao Nier feel a sense of difficulty in his heart. A look of confidence.

This guy is actually willing to strip out the source of holy flame, isn't he afraid of losing his source and unable to improve his strength in the future?

Or……

The favor of the Lord of Soul Eater has far surpassed that of Holy Flame...

A trace of doubt remained in Hao Ni'er's heart for a long time. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network