Chapter 109: conflict!

?? Above the sky, the raging energy storm finally slowly dissipated after lasting for more than ten minutes, and as the storm dissipated, this collapsed space gradually completed its self-repair and warmed it up. The sunlight poured down from the sky again, shining on the top of this mountain.

As the storm dissipated, all eyes turned to the sky in an instant, only to see a young figure standing in the air, and the previous terrifying energy storm could not be hurt in the slightest.

In the sky, sensing the dispersing storm, Xiao Yan's tense body slowly relaxed, his fists clenched, and a numbness spread from his fists.

The power of Xuan Molei was also somewhat unexpected to him. From the contact just now, Xiao Yan understood that if he hadn’t reached the peak of the Three Star Dou Di this time, he would rely on the power of different fire and the constant power of different fire. The strength of the ancient ruler, I am afraid its end, it will not be so good.

Looking at the golden demon puppet that slowly and invisiblely exudes terrifying power in the air, Xiao Yan's face also smiled.

My Golden Demon Puppet has finally been tempered.

"Is this the Dan Lei attracted by the emperor's medicine pill, it's really powerful..."

Xiao Yan praised in his heart, but although the power of this mysterious magic thunder was amazing, after being weakened by his own attack, it was absorbed by the golden demon puppet. Obviously, the number was not large, but it finally allowed the golden demon puppet to complete its evolution!

Therefore, after the last black thunder was shot from the thunderclouds in the sky, the thick black clouds in the sky also slowly dissipated.

"Roar!"

At the moment when the black cloud dissipated, the golden demon puppet below suddenly roared up to the sky, and then its burly body suddenly burst into a dazzling golden luster, and an amazing energy fluctuation surged out of its body.

"It seems that there is still some gap between the real peak golden demon puppet, but this is true, the current golden demon puppet is also comparable to the powerhouse of the late four-star fighting emperor..." Looking at the terrifying expression in the air The golden demon puppet of power, although the golden color is dazzling, but if you look closely, there are still some places that are not completely converted into golden color!

But this is enough, and if you think about it a few times later, you will be able to reach the real golden demon level!

With a plan, Xiao Yan also smacked his lips, and then directly put it into the ring, which was a trump card for him in the future.

After doing all this, Xiao Yan's eyes also returned to the medicine cauldron.

Inside the fiery red medicine cauldron, a dark red medicinal pill saw the dissipating thunderclouds in the sky, as if it had wisdom, and the residual flame in the medicine cauldron instantly emerged into a huge fire dragon, trying to break free from the medicine cauldron. !

"boom!"

As the energy fluctuations controlled by the medicinal pill in the medicine cauldron became more and more violent, after arriving, the huge fire dragon whimpered suddenly, and the huge body actually burst open in the eyes of many amazed eyes.

The medicine cauldron exploded, the flames flying all over the sky, and then the dark red medicinal pill in the medicine cauldron also broke free from the medicine cauldron and wanted to escape!

At the moment when the fire dragon's body swept away violently, a streamer suddenly swept out of its body, and finally, under the cover of those radiating flames, it quickly rushed towards the sky.

"Want to run?"

However, just as this stream of light just swept out, Xiao Yan laughed loudly, his body flashed, and he appeared in front of that stream of light like a ghost, his big hand directly facing the latter and grabbed it .

"Roar!"

Facing Xiao Yan's grasp, that stream of light rapidly expanded, and in a blink of an eye it turned into a monstrous beast with an extremely large body. Its huge claws made a loud cracking sound, and Xiao Yan slapped it with a slap. past.

"boom!"

When the fists and palms collided, the ferocious beast suddenly screamed, and the huge body flew out quickly.

Seeing the giant beast shot backwards, Xiao Yan smiled and chased after him again.

Seeing Xiao Yan chasing after him again, the giant beast burst out with a strong light again, and its body also shrank rapidly. In the blink of an eye, it turned into a figure, and the light dissipated, Xiao Yan was immediately stunned, because there, Another "Xiao Yan" stood in the sky.

"Interesting, is this the emperor's medicine pill, and it can still turn into a human shape."

Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan couldn't help but shake his head with a smile. If he was allowed to escape from the first-order imperial elixir, it might turn into something strange. Of course, the bigger It is possible that other powerhouses would sense the difference, so they directly grabbed a bite and swallowed it. Although the first-order Tian-level medicinal pills of the emperor’s grade have wisdom, their real power cannot be compared with Xiao’s. A strong man like Yan competes.

"Roar!"

The emperor-grade medicinal pill that changed into "Xiao Yan" obviously refused to be easily absorbed by Xiao Yan, so he could only keep roaring at Xiao Yan.

"Let me go..." The Emperor Pin Medicine transformed into a shadow of three thousand silks hanging down.

"Xun'er..." Xiao Yan murmured as he looked at the emperor-grade medicine pill in the sky, and couldn't help but feel a little moved.

"Huh?" Yue Ru was also shocked by this sudden scene in the sky. This imperial medicinal pill could actually transform into a human form, but as a girl's intuition told Yue Ru, Xiao Yan stared at the imperial medicinal pill shop sluggishly. The girl who changed, that girl must have something to do with Xiao Yan...

Yueru also stared at the woman with three thousand silks hanging down in the sky in disbelief, and Yueru's beauty couldn't help but be inferior...

Such a change in the sky also attracted a lot of strange eyes. The Emperor Grade Medicine Pill, even the presence of these master refining medicine masters, is difficult to see, so when you see this When the medicinal pill could actually turn into a human shape and spit out human words, it was a little amazed.

"Bang bang bang!"

Xiao Yan was also sluggish for a short time, and the three thousand thunderbolts smoothly performed to the extreme, appearing in front of "Xun'er" like a ghost, and then stretched out his hand to grab it.

"Xun'er wait for me, I will improve my strength as soon as possible and go to find you!" Xiao Yan murmured in his heart, and then without hesitation, he attacked the "Xun'er" in front of him!

"Xun'er" seemed to look at Xiao Yan in horror, and just wanted to run away, but Xiao Yan had already placed an extremely powerful soul restriction on this world, and the power in his body suddenly weakened, obviously Xiao Yan He did his hands and feet in the refining flame, and in the blink of an eye, it turned into a dark red elixir.

On top of the dark red medicinal pill, the rich medicinal incense was scattered everywhere, and then a young man with a heavy foot on his back reached out and instantly put the dark red medicinal medicinal powder into a delicate jade bottle.

At this point, the people present are also clear that this imperial medicinal pill has finally been successfully refined.

At the main entrance of the Yue family, Mueller and the man in gray smelled the incense that filled the sky, and then slowly raised their heads, Mueller's pupils shrank tightly, and looked at the figure in the sky and said, "Xiao Yan? "

"Good boy, let's find it easy, this time even Wu Huan's revenge is avenged!"

Before Xiao Yan could make a sound, the man in gray next to Mueller stood up out of thin air and complained to Xiao Yan who had just taken the medicine pill!

Selling cute and rolling for tickets~...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: