Chapter 681: Ghost Realm = Soul Race?

"Soul body?" Being exclaimed by Xiao Yan like this, Mu Yingying and Qin Xin's beautiful eyes suddenly exuded a look of shock!

Soul body!

This is a state that can only appear if the powerhouse after the fall relies on the power of the powerful soul. Otherwise, the fall of the common powerhouse is the real death!

However, the power of the soul is strong, but it can condense the soul body when it falls, so as to wait for resurrection!

"Susu..."

"Boy, you will pay a heavy price for your stupidity!" Yinmu's colorless and transparent soul body suddenly let out an extremely angry voice, Yinmu could not wait to swallow Xiao Yanhe!

"Isn't this guy supposed to be the subordinate of the nine ghost emperors in the ghost world, how could he be a soul body..."

"Is it a coincidence..."

"But I remember a lot of soul bodies collected from the Soul Clan. Is there any connection between this Ghost Realm and the Soul Clan?" Xiao Yan thought quickly in his heart.

The actions of the Soul Clan on the Dou Qi Continent, they are arrogant and domineering, searching for various soul bodies all over the continent, and they themselves are composed of soul bodies, so they can help them break through a higher level with the help of powerful soul bodies.

"What's your relationship with the Soul Clan?" After a short thought, Xiao Yan said directly, his voice just finished, his eyes fixed on the soul body of Yinmu!

Although in the Xuanling Continent and Xuantian Santian, I have not heard the news of the ancient eight clans, but Xiao Yan is vaguely aware that it seems that on the Doudi Continent, the Xiao clan has always been a very taboo word. , and the soul clan is an extremely huge force, and the reason is unknown.

"When you are dead, you will naturally know!" Yinmu snorted coldly, and then instead of covering up his soul body, there was a hideous smile on the corner of his mouth, and then the terrifying black ghost energy shot directly at Xiao Yan. go!

"There must be some connection between this ghost world and the soul clan!" The next moment, Xiao Yan was also able to confirm his guess, and immediately dealt with Yinmu directly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Soul clan?"

"Isn't this a force on the road outside the Xuanling Continent?"

"It is said that the powerhouses within this force are like clouds, with very high status and status. I don't know how Xiao Yan is related to them." Qin Xin said well-informed.

"Soul clan, I remember hearing from my brother back then that this force must not be provoked and must be kept away..." Mu Yingying said slightly in her heart.

"Strange, how could this person from the ghost world be a soul body?"

"Is it a coincidence?"

"There is also the soul clan, it seems that we must grab control of this body in this Luoling Mountain, I always feel that I can't lie to this kid for long, and this kid seems to have an extremely terrifying aura about to wake up! "Xinyan was hiding in Xiao Yan's body, and naturally he could feel something different in Xiao Yan's body.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan and Yinmu's attacks slowly spread out, but Xiao Yan struggled to deal with each attack, because the strength of this Yinmu soul body actually reached the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor. level!

"Boy, where did the Ghost Emperor's heart go!"

"Don't challenge my few patience, otherwise..." Many of the terrifying attacks from Yinmu did not seriously hurt Xiao Yan, and some only caused some fur, and immediately became a little exasperated.

"The ghost emperor's heart is naturally in my hands, but compared to the ghost emperor's heart, I want to get the information in your mind more!" Beside Xiao Yan, an extremely bright sea of ​​fire burned violently!

"Bastard!" Seeing this, Yinmu cursed loudly, but he didn't know that this sea of ​​fire had just been set up by Xiao Yan while Yinmu and Mu Yingying and Qinxin were fighting.

This sea of ​​​​fire is a formation, the level of the formation is not high, but the flame of this sea of ​​fire is extremely huge, fighting in such a sea of ​​fire, Xiao Yan's power will be increased to the greatest extent, as for the yin wood, it is Weak as much as possible!

"I really underestimate you!" Yinmu laughed slowly, then instead of avoiding the fierce burning sea of ​​flames, he stared at Xiao Yan.

"Are you ready to go all out?" Xiao Yan laughed while playing with a trace of Emperor Yan in his hand.

With the existence of the Emperor Flame Sea of ​​Fire, Xiao Yan has enough confidence that it is not difficult for him to defeat the Yin Wood in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor with his current strength in the late stage of the Six Star Dou Emperor.

"Sususususu!" Yinmu let out a very strange smile, and then the gloomy sound of breaking wind continued to sound in this fierce sea of ​​fire.

"This guy, what the **** is going on!" Seeing this, Qin Xin heard this voice, and the emotions in her mind became uneasy, and even vaguely became violent!

"Ghost hand!" At the next moment, dozens of ghost faces suddenly appeared on Yinmu's transparent soul body!

Above the grimace, there are all kinds of emotions, some are unwilling, some are arrogant, some are evil!

"Abandoning ghost qi and attacking with a soul body..." Xiao Yan stood on top of the Emperor Flame Sea of ​​Fire Formation, and there was finally a dignified look in his eyes. From this, he felt a dangerous fluctuation. .

"This attack is so evil." Seeing this, Qin Xin's heart tightened slightly, and then she spoke.

"Evil?" Seeing this, Mu Yingying glanced at Qinxin and then at Xiao Yan.

"Usually fighting, most of them don't make a dead hand. Unless you go out to practice, everyone will only learn until you reach it, but this Yinmu's attack is to abandon the fighting spirit and use the soul power to attack!"

"The soul is the most vulnerable part of human beings. Once there is any damage, I am afraid that it will directly become an idiot or fall!" Qinxin wondered how Mu Yingying didn't know when it was so simple Immediately opened his mouth.

"Boy, go to **** with remorse!"

"The matter of the ghost world and the soul clan is not something you can know." Yinmu's ghastly figure exploded directly, and the arm, which had been condensed by dozens of soul bodies, directly attacked the direction where Xiao Yan was located. , that momentum is strong, I am afraid that it is full of the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor!

"It seems that your ghost realm and soul clan do have some shameful activities, but forget it, they are old rivals anyway." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and then the brilliant twenty-three-color flames on his body were directly extinguished and replaced by It's a khaki power.

The khaki-colored power just appeared, and suddenly this space shook extremely clearly. I don't know if it was because of Xiao Yan's khaki-yellow flames that just appeared or something else!

"Holy Flame?"

"How is that possible!" The next moment, Yinmu's evil strike directly attacked the khaki-colored holy flame on Xiao Yan's body, and then Yinmu made an unbelievable sound!

"It's actually... Sheng Yan?" In addition, besides Mu Yingying already knew about it, Qin Xin's eyes widened!

"It's me."

"Yinmu, fall with remorse." Xiao Yan said in a soft voice, but the next moment, a brighter source of holy flame emerged directly, and then wrapped around Yinmu's body.

At this moment, the fear of death truly emerged in Yinmu's heart!