Chapter Vol 4 1319: To the mysterious man!

"You two, please come in." Duan Tianfeng said slowly to Xiao Yan and the mysterious man.

Xiao Yan's identity and strength are naturally obvious to all, but that mysterious man has been very low-key since the beginning of the competition, but no matter how low-key, every time he encounters a tyrannical opponent, he will win, plus all kinds of things, Hence his mysterious identity.

"This guy seems to have a rather strange aura..." Liu Qing looked at the mysterious man shrouded in black robes and wondered whether it was because of the light element's foreknowledge of evil or intuition.

There is no rule in the competition that one must show their true face, which undoubtedly protects the privacy of some guys whose faces are injured and cannot be revealed, but at the same time, it also gives such an unidentified guy a quite appropriate excuse.

"Strange..." Duo Qifei heard the words, her beautiful eyes flickered slightly, but the countless people present did not notice that on Duo Qifei's wise forehead, a mysterious halo disappeared in a flash.

This mysterious halo did not appear in the past. Today, I met this mysterious black-clothed man who just appeared for a moment, but it was engraved with a hungry breath, which was more tyrannical than anyone present today, like the honor of all ages. Unfathomable.

"Hey... This guy's background doesn't seem to be normal..." The Soul Eater in Xiao Yan's body naturally noticed an abnormality in Du Qifei's body, but it was too far away to be sure.

Xiao Yan and the men in black rushed into the competitive mountain range, and a monstrous aura suddenly filled the air.

"The late two-star fighting immortals?" With his tyrannical soul power, Xiao Yan sensed the aura of the man in black, but what made Xiao Yan quite difficult was that in the aura of the man in black, there was a faint hint of A breath like a soul clan.

"Are you Xiao Yan..." The two of them did not stand in the sky this time, but on a rather empty flat ground in the competitive mountain range. The man in black spoke slightly.

"Who are you?" Being asked this way, Xiao Yan also knew something, and immediately opened his mouth.

"It is said that you are the favored son of Heaven on the Xuanling Continent. Our soul clan sent two strong men to the Xuanling Continent, but they disappeared strangely. I am afraid that this has nothing to do with you." The man in black spoke slowly. .

"Sure enough, he is from the Soul Clan!" Xiao Yan was immediately affirmed when the man in black said this, but the Soul Clan Fighting Immortal sent by the Soul Clan to the Xuanling Continent was directly obliterated by the Xuanling King, so Xiao Yan naturally did not know about this.

However, Xiao Yan is also surprised that this guy is so bright and really revealing his identity, isn't he afraid of attracting others to chase and kill him?

"Never mind, arrest him first and inquire carefully." The next moment, Xiao Yan didn't talk nonsense with the man in black either, and the dazzling flames filled the air, causing the whole space to be filled with a sense of unease.

"The tricky fire attribute..."

"But my mission this time is just you!" The corners of the mouth of the man in black couldn't help twitching, and then the breath of the late two-star fighting immortals emerged instantly.

The strange black qi and fiery red flame power just appeared, and the black qi was completely suppressed by the flame power. After all, black qi belongs to ghost qi, which is eerie and eerie, and the fire attribute is just its nemesis.

Feeling the cold and murderous eyes under the black robe, Xiao Yan's heart sank, and then without hesitation, the dazzling flame power condensed into a fiery red dragon directly in front of him, whistling, and blasted at the man in black. shoot away.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Susu..."

"Such a weak attack..." Seeing Xiao Yan's attack, the man in black burst into a strange laugh, and then his sleeve robe swung viciously towards Xiao Yan, and there was a sudden burst of strange black mist, which quickly disappeared from It emerged from the body, and finally formed a natural protective black mist around its body.

"Boom boom boom!" Letting Xiao Yan's flaming dragon contain such tyrannical powers will not help. After a while, Xiao Yan's flaming dragon will dissipate away. On the other hand, the black mist of the man in black is dark. Extremely.

Surrounded by black mist, the figure of the man in black instantly disappeared from Xiao Yan's field of vision. In an instant, the entire space became strange, with a gloomy wind blowing.

The strange black mist kept squirming and expanding in the space, and after a while, it expanded to a range of several hundred meters, and the figure of the man in black also blended into it, making it difficult to detect.

"Drink!" With a loud shout, Xiao Yan's eyes were bright, his figure bathed in flames, his fist suddenly smashed towards a void in the black mist.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan's fist contained quite terrifying destructive power. Where the fist attacked, a black shadow slowly emerged from the black mist. The confrontation between the fist and the shadow caused two substantial ripples of fighting spirit. Spreading out in all directions, the battle between the two caused a loud noise in the black mist.

Xiao Yan and the man in black were naturally indistinguishable, but the outside world caused waves of commotion.

The black fog of the man in black is extremely strange. The two were shrouded in the black fog and almost disappeared from everyone's sight. Only Duo Tianfeng and a few two-star perfect powerhouses could barely see the attack of the two, which made them feel The man in black couldn't help but feel a little bit of awe.

"The identity and strength of this man in black..."

"The owner of the valley wants to lay a long line and catch big fish, but I hope nothing goes wrong." Duo Tianfeng naturally knew the details of some people in black, but he didn't intervene too much Boom boom boom! "In the black fog, violent friction attacks continued to resound through the sky.

"No, I can't go on like this, otherwise this guy, I'm afraid..." Xiao Yan felt a tinge of unease in his heart, and then stopped his movements, a dazzling fire attribute grudge burst out from the body.

Because relying on Xiao Yan's intuition, the effect of this black fog is not only to strengthen the people in black in a similar field, but also to constantly eat away his grudge and even his soul power.

"Not good!" Seeing this, the man in black exclaimed in surprise, and then whistled away at Xiao Yan.

"Break me!" Xiao Yan didn't care about the 3721, just as he released the Dou Qi from his body, he exploded directly in the black mist.

"Boom!" An extremely bright fiery red fluctuation, like the afterglow before the end, was extraordinarily enchanting, and then slowly bloomed under the hated eyes of the man in black.

"Crash!" The hot flame engulfed the black mist instantly, and the black mist also melted rapidly, revealing the original appearance of the earth.

"It's really a tricky guy... No wonder he's being missed by our soul clan's almighty."

"Just warming up, let's end it here." Although the man in black was angry, he still had his pride, as if today, no matter how hard Xiao Yan struggled, he couldn't escape from his palm.

"Are you finally going to use the real means..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan felt a tinge of fervor in his heart. Obviously, Xiao Yan at this time, if he did everything he could, it would be a good idea to deal with the Three Star Fighting Immortals!

. Mobile version update fastest URL