Chapter 455: Tang Tang's plan!

"Let's go." After King Xuanling finished speaking, he stood up instantly, and then left to face Ye Mo and the three of them in the distance.

Seeing this, many strong men behind them followed.

"Let's go." After a while, Ye Mo and the three of them joined with King Xuanling.

"Yes." The crowd responded.

"Be careful, the strength exposed in this Charming Snake Tribe will inevitably disturb the entire nine tribes of the Medusa clan." Xuanling King Zaidu said solemnly.

Although there are eleven of them on this trip, and the weakest one is also in the early stage of the Eight-star Dou Di, the nine major tribes of Medusa must be extremely terrifying to be able to stand in a stalemate with their powerful Xuanling royal family for thousands of years. 's heritage.

"Even King Xuanling was dispatched... What are these people trying to do!" The two emperors, Black and White, thought in their hearts.

"No, I have to go back and discuss with Mei Ye, and I have to notify the other eight tribes immediately!"

"The strength of the two nine-star fighting emperors is probably unmatched in the entire tribe." The female old man said, and the two disappeared directly above the sky above the city wall.

Since the Black and White Shuangdi and King Xuanling did not fight against each other, they were frightened away by their aura, so the snake guards patrolling in the Charming Snake tribe didn't take it too seriously.

The city wall has returned to calm, but at this time, the Charming Snake Tribe is already under extremely tense alert.

"It's almost there." Not long after, a group of people appeared in the desert, headed by a woman, and a black-robed boy with a heavy ruler on his back, which was quite attractive.

It was the coyote who spoke!

After the group of them took out the water source from the desert oasis, and waited for Yan Xiao to refine the medicine pill, they came here non-stop.

This place is five kilometers away from the Charming Snake Tribe. With Yan Xiao, the terrifying alchemist's soul power disguised, the snake guards patrolling the city wall are also difficult to detect.

"Are we going to cross this city..." Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes moved slightly, and then she raised her head with a bit of bitterness, and a huge city wall dozens of meters high appeared not far away.

"That's right... it's here."

"If we pass through here, we are very close to the destination of our trip." Tang Tang took out the sheepskin map and said.

"I actually want to traverse this Charming Snake Tribe... an eight-star Dou Emperor, a Seven-star Dou Emperor, plus two Six-Star Dou Emperors, and three Five-Star Dou Emperors, if they all want to cross this Charming Snake Tribe, then The illustrious name of the Medusa clan is too illusory." The old man Dashui on the side said slightly in his heart.

"Senior, thank you for taking us into the depths of the desert. Now is the time to separate." Youth Dashan said to Tang Tang.

"Then let's go, but I still have to remind you that it is already deep in the desert, and you can see the powerhouses of the Medusa family everywhere." Tang Tang said.

"En." Hearing this, Dashan Dashui stood up instantly, and then headed off in a certain direction.

"Are you gone..." Yan Xiao said slowly.

"Well, let's go." Tang Tang said slowly.

"I have a question, I don't know if I can ask it." Tang Tang said in a low voice.

"Let's talk." Xiao Yan returned to his normal appearance after the two of them left!

The reason why I just used a black robe to cover it is to not be recognized by this Xuanshan!

"You seem to be at odds with the Xuanling royal family?" Tang Tang, as the head of the Blood Blade mercenary group, has extremely old eyesight!

Along the way, they met quite a few snake people. Although most of them were solved by the scarred man, from beginning to end, this Yan Xiao never took a shot!

And Tang Tang could see that the reason why this Yan Xiao was wearing a black robe was because of these two people.

"That's right." Xiao Yan said casually.

"Although I don't know why you have some friction with the Xuanling royal family, I have to tell you that the background of the Xuanling royal family is far beyond your imagination." Tang Tang said solemnly.

"Well, thanks, let's think about how to solve the problem in front of us."

"According to my perception, in the city in front of me, there are no less than three hidden auras alone!"

"These three breaths are only stronger or weaker than you!"

"If you want to go across it, it's like a fool's dream...Is there no other way?" Xiao Yan said after a careful sense.

"No... This is the closest road to our destination, and it's the only road."

"I got this information at the beginning, but it cost a lot of money." After Tang Tang finished speaking, her complexion was a little painful. Obviously, the so-called price made her feel so powerful as an eight-star fighting emperor. It must be extremely precious. s things.

"The tribe in front of me is called the Charming Snake Tribe. Among the nine major tribes of the Medusa family, although it is not ranked in the forefront, its strength should not be underestimated!"

"In the Charming Snake Tribe, the leader has the strength of the eight-star Dou Emperor's perfection level, the deputy leader has the strength of the eight-star Dou Emperor's initial stage, and there are countless other hidden powerhouses!" Wu Yu, a man with a scar on the side, pointed slowly. A spot on the sheepskin map said.

"Eight-star Dou Di is complete... Is the Eight-Star Dou Di in the early stage..." Xiao Yan murmured.

"Besides that, you have to be careful about the charm of this charming snake family."

"It is said that in the ancient times, there was an amazing powerhouse in the Medusa family!"

"The petrified pupil of Medusa emerged from this tribe." Wu Yu continued.

"Yes." Xiao Yan responded, and then his eyes rolled quickly.

"I don't know how to break through this... If it is forced, I'm afraid it would be extremely unwise." Xiao Yi frowned on the side. Obviously, the Eight-Star Dou Emperor Consummation and the Snake People powerhouse in the early Eight-Star Dou Emperor period, Ling Xiao Yi couldn't help it. There is a bit of pressure, after all, whether it is Xiao Yan or Mu Yingying, with Xiao Yi's character, if something really happens, she will definitely not give up on any of them!

"Although the Charm Snake family is extremely terrifying, at night, their sight is blocked, and their power will be reduced to the greatest extent. At that time, we will use the black cover to break through overnight!"

"As long as we break through here, we can almost say that we have reached our destination." Tang Tang said.

"That's it..." Xiao Yan nodded after hearing this, and then looked at Xiao Yi and Mu Yingying beside him!

At this moment, Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes moved slightly and she stared at Xiao Yan fiercely, which made Xiao Yan feel quite strange. As for Xiao Yi's words, she looked around with a harmless face!

"Then take a good rest. As soon as the evening arrives, break through the Charming Snake Tribe..."

"Wu Yu, when breaking through the Charming Snake Tribe, he will protect Xiao Yan at all costs. If he has any losses, I will ask you!" Tang Tang said coldly.

"Yes!" The scarred man didn't get angry and responded. After all, this is not the first time for the members of the Blood Blade Mercenary Group to cooperate with each other The division of labor and tacit understanding between each other are not comparable to ordinary people. .

Several people slowly opened up a place to rest hidden under the desert, and then directly rested in it, waiting for the night to come.

Xiao Yan was on fire, refining some medicinal pills to restore vindictiveness.

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yi just sat down and found that Mu Yingying's brows were raised, looking very charming.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's alright, it's just that my eyelids have been twitching recently. Maybe something big is going to happen." Mu Yingying said with dull eyes.

"Don't worry, there is my big brother." Xiao Yi smiled slowly.

"Speaking of which, you should be a fire elf... Fire elf is a wonder of heaven and earth, why are you willing to follow him..." Mu Yingying whispered.

"Maybe it's because he's my eldest brother. The eldest brother for a lifetime." Xiao Yi said with relief, and then in his mind, the scenes that happened on the Dou Qi Continent continued to emerge...

The Jinglian Demon Fire and Fire Spirit is reborn...

Erasing the intellect...

Getting to know Xiao Yan...

many difficulties...

Fighting Soul Heavenly Emperor...

Dou Di Continent.

Acquired the inheritance of the ancient emperor Tuoshe, was born with wisdom, and turned into a human form!

The birth of his little Yihuo elf can be said to be fantastic!

Here comes the fire spirit!

Ask for tickets!