Chapter Vol 2 786: Method

"Heavenly Demon Whale, you bastard!" Xiao Yan couldn't help scolding.

Since this guy is begging for himself, he can't have an attitude of begging others. He is so stupid to explain things clearly before leaving, but he just said a few words and just left!

"Forget it, since the Demon Whale has left, let's see how to enter Moonlight Island first." Xiu Qi said with a smile upon seeing this.

"Yes." Xiao Yan calmed down the next moment, and then the two went to investigate directly below the three islands.

"They've all been gone for so long, nothing will happen, right?" Mu Yingying's voice suddenly said at Yuanda where Mu Feng and his party were.

The few people at this time were surrounded by Xiao Yan's flames. Although they were also in the sea, they were not touched by the sea at all.

"Be careful!" At the next moment, Qin Xin said urgently.

"Boom boom boom!" Qin Xin just finished speaking, and suddenly not far away, an extremely ferocious giant wave suddenly slapped them!

"Break it for me!" Seeing this, Mu Feng saw the wooden sword in his hand instantly appear, and then the dark blue energy attacked it away.

"Crash." The next moment, the huge wave was broken by Mu Feng.

"Damn, where did such a huge wave come from?" Mu Feng said just after finishing his work.

"No, why did the flames outside our bodies become so restless, and even faintly felt like they were about to disappear!" After a while, Leng Fuyao suddenly stared at the gorgeous flames surrounding him, and then opened his mouth slightly.

"No, it must be Xiao Yan and the others who are in danger, otherwise this situation would not have happened to his flame."

"We must go and see!" Mu Yingying frowned and said.

"This..." Yue Ru heard the words, and she was not easy to speak.

"Let's go, go find Xiao Yan and the others, let's slow down." Seeing that these people had this thought, Mu Feng said immediately.

Although none of them could swim, the victory was surrounded by Xiao Yan's flames, so it wasn't too difficult.

And as Mu Feng and his party moved towards the bottom of the island to look for Xiao Yan and the others, the group of disciples from the super sect also slowly entered the ruins sea area.

"What about Xiao Yan and the others?" Qi Haoran just dropped out of the sky into the sea, and he was too late to be surprised, just looking around.

Qi Haoran's group, like Xiao Yan and the others, did not escape the strangely disappearing space channel, and immediately fell heavily into the sea area, enduring the tingling pain that came from their body.

"I don't know, I'm afraid they have already entered those three islands," said Qi Haoqing, the younger brother beside Qi Haoran.

"Let's go, you can't hold on."

"This time, if it succeeds, it's fine. If it fails, I'm afraid that with the character of King Xuanling, we will definitely not let our two brothers go." Qi Haoran knew the sinister nature of King Xuanling, and said immediately.

"Go!" After speaking, the two brothers got up and slowly swam towards the bottom of the three islands.

The disciples of other super sects, including some ordinary sect disciples, also fell into the sea, and immediately focused their attention on the three islands. They all knew that the real treasure was in the three islands. among.

"Strange, the sea area here doesn't seem to be the same as other places?" Xiao Yan and the two searched for a long time directly below the three islands, but they didn't find the reason. It was found that the water below the island was different from other places.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Xiao Yan!" After a while, Mu Feng and his group slowly joined Xiao Yan and the others.

"Are you all right?"

"I just found out that an extremely terrifying battle broke out on your side." Mu Yingying said with concern.

"It's okay, I met a guardian of the ruins, but fortunately there was no danger." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

Seeing Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying saying one thing to another, Yueru couldn't help but feel a little angry.

Xiuqi's sharp eyes naturally discovered the problem, and then she made a vigorous gesture to Yueru.

"Let's see how to enter the three islands first."

"The three islands are called Moonlight Island, Yutu Island and Guanghan Island. The fire of life and death I need exists in Moonlight Island, and the inheritance of Yueru is in Guanghan Island."

"But if you want to enter Guanghan Island, you must get a token on Moonlight Island or Jade Rabbit Island." Xiao said to the crowd.

"Since that's the case, then what are you waiting for? Moonlight Island in the community will take away the fire of life and death you need before going to Guanghan Island." Mu Feng heard the words and immediately wondered why Xiao Yan and the others kept circling here.

"I want it too."

"But it doesn't seem easy to enter Moonlight Island or Jade Rabbit Island."

"Before you came, we have already checked. There seems to be some kind of mechanism here. Otherwise, we would not be able to fly up due to the special restrictions on the air." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he slowly looked around, but found nothing. .

"Is it an agency?"

"I'm good at this, I'll do it." Just when everyone was at a loss, Leng Fuyao stepped forward and said to everyone.

"Whatever you are looking at, you all said don't underestimate me." Leng Fuyao snorted coldly as if he noticed the surprised eyes of everyone.

"Come and try, I don't think I can do anything." Xiao Yan took a step back, then gave his position to Leng Fuyao, and said casually.

"This sea seems to link three islands, but it's strange, why can't we enter..."

"What is the reason…"

"Seawater..."

"Jiankong, three islands." Leng Fuyao closed his eyes and thought slowly, as if he had a clue.

"This..." Based on Qinxin's understanding of Leng Fuyao, once Leng Fuyao closed her eyes, Qinxin knew that the matter was not going to end, and immediately wanted to interrupt her.

"Don't disturb her, she can do it." Xiao Yan shook his head and said something to Qin Xin.

"Okay." Qin Xin nodded when she heard the words, and then everyone pinned their last hope on Leng Fuyao.

However, at this moment, the mysterious rune on Yueru's forehead was slightly emitting a strange white light, and then the next moment, without Yueru's control, it suddenly swept away at Leng Fuyao.

"I think, I know what's going on?" As Leng Fuyao absorbed the mysterious power of Yueru, he immediately laughed coldly.

"What's going on?" Several other people heard the words and asked.

"If you want to enter the three islands, you still need Yueru." Leng Fuyao said.

"What do you need me to do?" Yueru didn't flinch when she heard the words, because since she entered the ruins, Yueru could feel that the mysterious rune on her forehead seemed to be related to many things.

"It's very simple."

"Try to release the mysterious rune on your forehead, it will take us to one of those two islands." Leng Fuyao smiled.

"It's that simple?" Xiao Yan was speechless when he heard this.

He and Xiuqi searched for a long time and couldn't find any solution. Leng Fuyao found the problem in such a short time.

"Try it first." After Leng Fuyao finished speaking, everyone stopped talking and all looked at Yueru with expectant eyes.

Ask for tickets!