Chapter Vol 4 970: hidden danger

"Three princes!" Wolf Dragon shouted while forcibly supporting the severe pain from his body.

But no matter how the wolf dragon roared, the Xuanmu still didn't move at all, like a dead thing that had lost all its aura.

This is also a helpless thing. After all, Xiao Yan's attack is not a joke. The strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor in the early stage uses the holy flame to drive the attack, and attacking a six-star Dou Emperor early stage without any defense, naturally can easily achieve instant kill.

"Die!" Xiao Yan looked at the rapidly falling Xuanmu. Naturally, he knew that this guy was close to death under his own attack, but Xiao Yan was obviously a guy who did things without leaving behind. The Henggu ruler suddenly lifted up, and a huge ruler appeared directly, and with another blow, the mysterious wood was completely dead.

"Xiao Yan, you are killing the third prince of the Xuanling royal family now, you will die!" Langlong watched Xuanmu so easily killed by Xiao Yan, and his body was extremely frightened.

"Hehe, don't worry, you can't run away either." Xiao Yan dealt with Xuanmu, and an attack was attacking the wolf dragon.

"Then let's die together!" And the wolf dragon watched Xiao Yan attack him, a smile appeared on his face, and then he exploded!

He knew clearly that this Xiao Yan was definitely not an ordinary sect disciple, and he was probably more ruthless than himself!

"Boom!" The dazzling power of flames formed a splendid hurricane over this mountain forest.

"What a terrifying attack, this attack, I'm afraid the wolf dragon blew itself up." At the seal at the entrance to the ghost world, Mu Tianyuan couldn't help but said looking at the gorgeous energy storm.

"It seems that this time we all underestimated this guy."

"I hope this sect competition will make us shine!" And Duan Yu was also pleased.

"Speaking of the sect competition, it should start soon!"

"No, you must go back quickly!" Mu Tianyuan seemed to have thought of something and said.

After speaking, everyone was recovering from their injuries, waiting for Xiao Yan to return.

"Eight-star Dou Di strong is really terrifying." Xiao Yan appeared in another place, carrying the dead Xuanmu in his hand, and said slowly.

The self-destruction of the wolf dragon just now, if Xiao Yan hadn't run fast, he might have caused a lot of damage to himself.

"Three dignified princes, I don't even have a ring, so buckle it." Xiao Yan scoured Xuanmu's body, but he didn't see anything of value.

"By the way, what about the residual picture?" Xiao Yan remembered what Xuanmu had just said, and immediately opened his mouth.

If Xuanmu had not just exposed the news of the remnant map, I am afraid that Xiao Yan would not have killed it. After all, the remnant map is extremely valuable and cannot fall into the hands of others.

"Pimple." Xiao Yan turned over Xuanmu's body hard, and after a while, he discovered the mysterious residual picture.

The remnant picture seems to be extremely tattered, without any strange aura, but Xiao Yan remembers it clearly. His uncle, the Golden Dragon King, has praised it very well, so it is definitely not an ordinary thing.

"Forget it, we'll talk about it when we go back. If such a huge movement disturbs the powerhouse next to him, it will be difficult to handle." Xiao Yan put away the remnants of the picture, and then a cloud of khaki holy flames emerged, directly facing the Burning away with the mysterious wood body!

If the grass is cut without removing its roots, it will grow again when the spring breeze blows!

"Uuuu!" Just when Xiao Yan's holy flame's power wrapped around Xuanmu's body and was about to burn, a ghostly aura suddenly burst out from his body.

"Sure enough, there is a lot of collusion with the ghost world."

"But this ghostly spirit is useless to me."

"Disappear completely!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the power of holy flame emerged, and then the body of Xuanmu slowly starved into ashes, leaving no trace behind.

After Xiao Yan finished all of this, he went back to meet with Senior Brother and the others.

In the distant royal family of Xuanling, King Xuanling was furious at this moment!

"Kacha!" King Xuanling had just arrived in the secret room where the soul cards were enshrined, and suddenly Xuanmu, including the soul cards of the three strongmen, Wolf Head Wolf Dragon, shattered!

"Hanako!"

"How is this going!"

"I need an explanation!" King Xuanling roared directly at the person guarding the soul card, but at this moment King Xuanling was filled with a **** aura, which was extremely strange.

"My king, this may be a problem in a certain link, I..." The old man known as Hua Rongzi felt bitter in his heart.

Before Qi Haoran's soul card was broken, his life was in jeopardy, and now the most favored third prince is like this, I'm afraid.

"My king, the third prince and the wolf-headed wolf-dragon went to the entrance to the ghost realm in the Forest of Death to seal the entrance. The two eight-star fighting emperors were escorting them. There should be no mistakes."

"I'm afraid there is something wrong with this soul card." Wen Zi also pretended not to understand and said.

"Hopefully nothing, if he has something..." King Xuanling cast a vicious glance at Hua Rongzi, snorted coldly, and disappeared here.

"The soul card is broken, I'm afraid it has fallen, isn't this King Xuanling's IQ not online?" Hua Rongzi looked at the departing King Xuanling and Wen Zi, not knowing why, but Wen Zi would intercede for him like this, which Hua Rongzi did not expect of.

"Oh, don't worry, the Xuanling royal family has been in a state of panic recently, I'm afraid I have to go out to avoid the limelight." After Hua Rongzi finished speaking, she said directly to someone with confidence, apparently planning to leave.

"Senior Brother, are you all right?" And at the seal at the entrance to the Ghost Realm of the Forest of Death, Xiao Yan returned here and asked immediately after seeing that the injuries of the seven people in the Heavenly Palace had recovered.

"We're fine."

"By the way, junior brother, aren't you going to participate in the sect competition, why are you here?" Mu Tianyuan asked.

"I sent a friend who happened to pass by here."

"Speaking of the sect competition, we just need to use the teleportation array here to go back."

"Hehe, I don't know if it's too late." Xiao Yan said with a grin.

But now, no one dares to underestimate this junior brother!

The mighty Eight-Star Doudi early stage powerhouse just now all fell in his hands Although there are many elements of luck and hunger, luck is also a kind of strength.

"Calculate the time, it should be too late."

"Let's go." Mu Tianyuan said, and then took everyone to prepare to leave.

"What should we do if we leave this seal?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask.

"This seal has been loosened now, I am afraid that only after we go back, let the elders of the sect come over." Duan Yu said.

After all, at this time, everyone was running out of lights, so they could only go back the same way.

"Then let's go."

"Using the teleportation array, you can return to the pavilion in a few hours." Mu Tianyuan smiled, obviously quite satisfied with Xiao Yan, his junior brother.

With him, this sect competition will probably be extremely lively!

Everyone supported each other and slowly moved towards the teleportation formation in another place, and the sect competition also had three days before it officially started.

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Yan, you can't think of it, all of your actions have been seen by me."

"When I tell my king, none of you will survive." And Xiao Yan and his group just disappeared, and suddenly on the ground, a figure of the Xuanling royal family slowly climbed up, the breath is extremely weak, but there is still a breath!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . . Mobile version reading website: m.