Chapter Vol 4 1389: Closing!

"The revenge of the Burning Soul Clan, let me take revenge." An evil voice suddenly filled out from the two-color pupils, and then filled the entire space. At this moment, You Huan's body had already turned into two-color pupils. among.

"Then let's see if you have that strength." Duo Tianhong restrained the energy above Lei Di's scepter and slowly opened his mouth. With his own strength, it was naturally not difficult to capture Youhuan.

"Strange... Although Tianhong's power is on par with Youhuan, his own battle armor and some other means, even the Thunder Elemental Heavenly Seed, have not been used..."

"He seems to have other plans?" Xiao Yan and the two were also outside the battle, but Xiao Yan wondered. Combining with some of the actions of the original Soul Palace, Xiao Yan was aware of it in his heart, but he did not speak.

"Boom!" The next moment, the attack of the two directly reached the critical point, and the shocking fluctuation was about to trigger.

"Crash!" Duo Tianhong raised the Thunder Emperor's scepter, and then with all his strength, he pointed at the two-color pupils in the deep evil vortex. At that time, a dazzling silver thunder power enveloped the Thunder Emperor. The scepter shot directly into the evil vortex, with a mighty and appalling force.

Condensing all the thunder power in the thunder world and the power of the Thunder Emperor's scepter, it instantly tore through the void, with an indescribable destructive energy, turned into a flash of lightning, flickering and swept away into the evil whirlpool.

"It's good!" Facing such a tyrannical blow from Du Tianhong, Youhuan was naturally unwilling to be left behind, he let out a loud cry, and then the two-color pupils also burst into waves of evil, and slammed into the Thunder Emperor's scepter viciously.

"Bang bang bang!" At the moment when the two collided, a terrible sound filled the entire Thunder Tomb, and the Thunder World was directly shaken by the aftermath of the battle, thus restoring the original dark space.

As for the high-altitude vortex, the thousand-meter-sized evil vortex is also disintegrating at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"not good!"

"Be careful!" In the sky, the Thunder Emperor's scepter wrapped in silver thunder and the two-color pupils stalemate for a short period of time, and the tyrannical energy ripples continued to spread, and the next moment, Xiao Yan burst out.

"Weng Om!" Duo Qifei didn't pay attention at first, until the two-color power in his pupils filled his side, and a touch of indifference emerged. Even when he came into contact with this terrifying power, the power in his body instantly solidified, and his pupils suddenly became frozen. All fell into a state of sluggishness!

"Hoohoo."

"Thank you." At the critical moment, fortunately he had Xiao Yan's soul power protection, otherwise there would definitely be some sequelae.

In the sky, the Thunder Emperor's scepter and the two-color pupils were constantly fighting, but above the two, like a scorching sun, a steady stream of bright thunder continued to emerge, and then they were blessed in the Thunder Emperor's scepter.

"Ah ah ah!" After a while, one of the two-color pupils turned out to be bloodshot cracks. On the other hand, the Thunder Emperor's scepter was shining brightly, and it was even damaged by the power of Thunder Sun and Thunder. The place is also restored as before.

Feeling the increasingly powerful and tyrannical threat above Lei Di's scepter, Youhuan's face was also ashen, and it emerged directly from one of the two-color pupils, turning into a black mist, and the screams were endless, even if he swallowed Youyou The power of Zun Huan Zun has returned to his peak state, and facing Du Tianhong, he also felt a threat of death.

"Bang bang bang!" As the power of Lei Ri and Lei Di's scepters became stronger and stronger, the ghostly evil vortex suddenly shrank, and it was compressed into a size of dozens of feet in a short time, and one after another screamed continuously. .

"Do not!"

"I can't just do it like this..." The next moment, in the dark mist, a roar began to roar, and the voice was full of unwillingness. Show mercy, and finally cross the evil vortex, slamming into its black mist viciously.

"咻咻!" At the moment of the impact, the phantom black mist collapsed in an instant, and the overwhelming azure aura and emerald green aura suddenly emerged from the black mist, and then ran away in the dark space. And go.

"Bang bang bang!" At the same time, Ershi's pupils were also suddenly shattered.

"It's time to end!" Looking at the phantom with such a sluggish aura, Duo Tianhong naturally wouldn't let the tiger return to the mountain. With a big wave of his hand, Lei Ri in the sky emitted a thunderous light in his eyes, and with his dazzling fighting spirit, he directly dispersed the phantom and escaped. The power is entangled.

When the silver thunder just touched the two-color evil aura, it was like the residual ice meeting the flames, and it melted rapidly, and the aura in the phantom black mist also rapidly weakened, and it dropped to four in a short time. Star Dou Immortal level.

"Humble humans..."

"Damn Duo Tianhong..."

"How dare you obliterate this emperor..." A roar continued to emerge from the black mist in a weak state.

"Don't worry, I'm still reluctant to kill you."

"Before I kill you, you are still useful." Duan Tianhong smiled slightly, as if he was supreme as the Thunder King.

"You wait, the army of our evil tribes outside the territory will one day completely conquer your great world, and at that time, your world will be completely ruined!"

"Hahaha." It seemed as if the end of the road was over, Youhuan roared, and then the two-color light spread away, looking at this appearance, it was like trying to escape!

"A mere four-star fighting immortal, and you are still seriously injured. If you escape from me, it would be a joke?" Duo Tianhong smiled slightly, and then the Thunder Emperor's scepter suddenly shook, instantly turning into a tyrannical thunder. On the chain, on the thunder chain, bursts of special and mysterious patterns slowly emerged.

"Not good!" Youhuan's heart suddenly shook, and then with the help of the two-color light, he ran away quickly.

"Feng!" A cold snort sounded like a king's fury just appeared, and suddenly the power of countless thunders emerged in this world, and then completely wrapped the body of the ghost that was ready to escape.

"Weng Om!" Youhuan's strength is tyrannical. After Duo Tianhong's two-color pupils were shattered, his source was damaged, and he had no choice but to be completely bound by Duo Tianhong's thunder chains.

"Let's see where you're going now." Duan Tianhong said with a slight smile, looking at the ghost who was tightly bound by the chains of thunder and motionless.

"The trip to the tomb of thunder should also be over." Watching the phantom defeat of the battle between the two powerhouses in the sky ended, Duo Qifei's eyes flashed and she smiled sweetly.

"I... where is this?" At the same time, Hua Fei and other figures outside the Leichi who were controlled by the evil tribe outside the realm also recovered all their spiritual wisdom after Yuhuan was bound, but their breath was extremely weak. That's it.

"It seems that they succeeded..." And Mingling Lei Jiao also smiled gratified.

However, in this situation, Fang is just a prelude to the storm!

.