Chapter Vol 4 2188: Elves messenger, 9 Xin?

Xiao Yan and the others were extremely fast, and returned to the Great Hall of Endless Fire after a few minutes.

When the three came to the hall, they saw a very strange man sitting in the hall.

This guy has yellow hair, and his clothes are very strange like a yellow leaf. There are velvety hairs on the ears, and the nose is much sharper than normal humans. There is a very mysterious aura all over his body, like a demon but not a demon, Inhuman.

Taking a closer look, the aura was only at the mid-level of the Eight-Star Dou Xian, but the aura on this guy, even the experienced Xiao Yan, was at a loss.

It seems that you have never come into contact with such a strange powerhouse, right?

"This one should be the famous Endless Fire Territory Lord, Master Xiao Yan, right?"

The man just saw Xiao Yan coming, looked at Xiao Yan carefully, and then hurriedly got up and said eagerly, his voice was extremely fast, and there was a trace of anxiety in his eyes.

"This is?"

Xiao Yan walked over to the first person, Cai Lin and Feng Wan'er were also sitting on the side, as if waiting for him.

"This guy came specifically to find you."

Cai Lin shook his head. This guy fell through the void dozens of minutes ago, and appeared strangely in the sky above the territory of the Endless Fire Territory. When he appeared, his aura was fluctuating. Obviously, he suffered a lot of twists and turns. , indicating that he wants to see Xiao Yan.

Originally, Cailin would not let such idlers disturb Xiao Yan, but some of the aura on this guy actually made Cailin feel a little familiar, so there was a scene where Xiao Yan was summoned before.

"Sir Xiao Yan, this trip is indeed abrupt, but there is no better way."

"Under the elves, Jiuxin."

The strange man hurriedly cupped his hands and said to Xiao Yan.

"The elves?"

Jiuxin's voice just fell, and several people around him suddenly spoke in unison. Obviously, these two words contain some huge information.

"Elves?"

Xiao Yan also wondered, obviously he had nothing to do with the elves.

"Elves are the most mysterious creatures apart from humans and monsters."

"They are more like the incarnation of nature, absorbing countless energies from heaven and earth, nurtured by the essence of the sun and the moon, and ingenious."

"There are quite a lot of divisions among elves, such as the gorgeous creatures who study witchcraft, and the female elves who are also charming..."

Feng Wan'er couldn't help but look at this guy a few more times, with no deep meaning.

"Sir Xiao Yan, don't get me wrong."

"Behind me are the fire elves."

Jiuxin opened his mouth and his voice became solemn. Obviously, this time he came here for something.

"Fire elves are the leaders of the elves. They control the unique power in the elves."

"Flame."

"Although the flames they control can't be compared to holy flames, they are unique. Even the reincarnation powerhouses are extremely afraid of the way of flames they practice in their hands."

Cailin had also seen it in some ancient books, so she couldn't help but explain.

"The fire elves?"

"Do you know a guy named Xiao Yi?"

Hearing Jiuxin's words, Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask, there was an emotional change in his voice.

It's been a long time since I said goodbye to Xiao Yi at the beginning, and the place where Xiao Yi planned to go after she left was also a family of fire elves.

"Lord Xiao Yan, this subordinate is here today for this reason."

"There are three major tribes in our fire elves. Every hundred years, they will gather together to compete and choose the heir of the next elves."

Jiuxin said intermittently, as if he had some concerns. After all, these things are the secrets of the fire elves.

"But it doesn't matter... what happened to him?"

Although Xiao Yan's voice was soft, his anger was slowly brewing.

"Brother Xiao Yan, it's alright."

Xun'er has quick eyes and quick hands, and hurriedly leaned over to Xiao Yan, soothing Xiao Yan's sudden anger, Xun'er naturally also loved Xiao Yi very much, but unfortunately, after the five emperors broke through the sky, they never saw them again.

"Sir Xiaoyi has returned strongly, not only with a new Saint Flame embryo, but also with some secrets in our clan. Under the shrewd leadership of Lord Xiaoyi, the weakest of our three tribes is the weakest one. support, began the road of construction and prosperity.”

"In the past few years, regardless of the various crises faced, it has been carried down by Lord Xiao Yi alone, and there are faint traces of confrontation with the other two major tribes."

"And the other two major tribes have been noble beings with the blood of the elf king since ancient times. When they noticed that Lord Xiaoyi was so talented, they couldn't help secretly join forces to suppress Lord Xiaoyi."

"Now the competition is imminent, the adults are difficult to deal with with only one person's strength. The elders in our branch accidentally learned that Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi are brothers, so the subordinates dared..."

"I want to ask the adults to help us to capture the heir to the fire elf patriarch!"

Jiuxin said directly.

"Is this the decision of your branch family or his decision?"

Xiao Yan was suddenly relieved, and immediately shook his head with a smile.

"Sir, this is our own decision."

"The strength of the candidates in the other branches of the Second Dao has already entered the cycle of reincarnation. Although Lord Xiaoyi is very talented, he is still under the cycle of reincarnation. In addition to worrying about Lord Xiao Yan, we have strictly ordered us not to search for Lord Xiao Yan privately... …”

"But now our branch tribe is on the decline. If the competition fails, the other two candidates will be wise, and I am afraid they will kill our entire branch tribe. With the blood of Lord Xiao Yi, I am afraid..."

Jiuxin said with a melancholy expression.

"That guy, I haven't seen him for a long time, actually became so strong."

"Tomorrow, I will go with you."

Xiao Yan laughed unrestrainedly, the heat and anger in his voice could not be contained.

"My lord, the place where the fire elves exist is extremely mysterious. It may take ten days to build a special space channel, and you will have to use the reincarnation powerhouse in your endless fire domain to make a move. I will point out the coordinates..."

Jiuxin heard the words and was overjoyed in a hurry, but after a while he scratched his head and said, after all, he was out of the clan alone to ask for help, so next, he had to rely on Xiao Yan's power to go back.

"Haha, it's okay."

"Then in the next few days, I'm afraid I will have to work hard for Feng Lao and others."

Xiao Yan nodded, naturally knowing that the fire elf is such a giant, for the safety of his own race, the place where he is stationed will change over time, so this situation is quite reasonable.

"It's okay."

"But the Fire Elf party I am afraid that only the domain owner can go there alone. Now the situation in the endless fire domain is not optimistic."

"Whether it's the three mistresses or other powerhouses, they are the backbone of the endless fire domain, and none of them are indispensable."

Feng Wan'er said worriedly.

"I am enough alone."

Xiao Yan said with a cool smile, he naturally knew their worries.

For ten days, Xiao Yan has been quietly cultivating his own strength, fire attribute, holy flame, thunder attribute, wood attribute, and the magician who has fallen for a long time. With the financial resources of the endless fire area, he only collected the second volume for Xiao Yan. Small fairy-level fighting skills.

A roll of wood properties.

A roll of thunder attributes.

A middle-level fairy fire attribute scroll in the ring of fire of the gods.

The three fighting skills are enough for Xiao Yan to squander among the eight-star fighting immortals. As for the more precious fighting skills scroll, I am afraid that Xiao Yan needs to work hard.

As for the alchemist and the soul power, I am afraid it will take a while. Thanks to the financial resources of the Endless Fire Territory, it has not been found. After all, for the soul power, whether it is a cultivation method or an attack method, it is too hard to find.

However, the amount of power in Xiao Yan's body today is a bit terrifying. The mere mid-term strength of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal, the combat power may not be able to be inferred by common sense.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: