Chapter Vol 4 1686: Dual realms and soaring combat power!

"Forget it, since this Undying Saint Tan space is so mysterious, let's take out the domain of the body first, and it will save a lot of time." With the departure of Xiao Zhuoma, Xiao Yan originally wanted to leave directly. Go, but fortunately, this place can last a month outside, so Xiao Yan intends to stay and completely solve the internal affairs.

"The source of undead fire is to break and stand up. Although this thing is mysterious and mysterious, it is also a great help. However, it seems that this thing is too tasteless for me. I am afraid that it will need to bloom in the future. Its brilliance." The gray flame on the palm of the hand slowly beat, Xiao Yan said with mixed joy and worry.

"I'm afraid it will be the Second World War. I don't know if the teacher succeeded..."

"It seems that before I leave here, I have to adjust my strength to the peak. After I go out, I can do my best for the teacher and the others." As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan suddenly clenched his fists slowly.

In the middle stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, coupled with the various means on Xiao Yan's body, he now has the capital to confront the enemy head-on. As long as he does not encounter a particularly abnormal six-star Fighting Immortal powerhouse, Xiao Yan can fight against it.

"Now in the body, the power of Xiao Lei's soul clone is as strong as mine, which can be described as a trump card. With the addition of the Dragon God's third-transformation tyrant's pattern defense, and the fire guard's **** of assassination, lurking, domain, fighting spirit..."

"However, the most important thing is these few holy flames. There is not enough time now. Otherwise, the products of the fusion of several holy flames will not be inferior to the top fifteen holy flames in power." Xiao Yan sensed the bright light in his body. A few holy flame flames, excitedly said.

However, this is something that can’t be helped. Although there are four holy flames in Xiao Yan’s body now, except for Mu Yingying’s holy flames that cannot be used, the other three are separate and not integrated. First, integration requires a lot of time. Second, It came to fear the powerhouses of the ghost world, because once the ghost face and soul flames fuse, the power released in an instant will make Xiao Yan fall into a real crisis, but if these three holy flames fuse, the new holy flames will probably not be better than the top ones. Fifteen's holy flame is weak.

"First adjust the breath to the peak, and then solve the two-domain war, look for Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation, Yingying, wait for me." Xiao Yan said contentedly, placing his palm on his chest, a trace of warmth emerged.

"Acacia Flame Territory, come out!" After a while, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly trembled, and the dazzling energy completely surrounded Xiao Yan like a tide.

"Crash!" With Xiao Yan's voice, a burst of pink power like ripples spread out in all directions with Xiao Yan as the center.

"Five Star Fighting Immortal late stage?" With the formation of the pink realm, Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly.

Because of the mysterious power of lovesickness in the Acacia Flame Domain, as early as in the semi-realm, it could weaken the enemy by one level and increase his own power by a small level. Xiao Yan was not too surprised by this.

"Is the range of the half-field only a few hundred meters?" After a while, feeling the extremely strong dominance in the field, Xiao Yan casually glanced at himself and the half-field was completely covered within a hundred meters, and said immediately.

"It doesn't matter, with my current strength, I can completely shape the half-field, but I don't know if anything unexpected will appear." As he spoke, Xiao Yan's palm filled with profound aura.

At this time, the fighting qi was still the normal red, but the tyranny of the fighting qi was several times that of normal people. After all, after being tempered by Xiao Yan's holy flame, the power would be appalling, but if Xiao Yan merged with the holy flame, the fighting qi would Using the fusion of holy flames instead, that kind of formidable power, I am afraid it is enough to achieve the real killing invisible.

"咻咻!" Brilliant Dou Qi continued to emerge from Xiao Yan's body, and immediately poured into the half-field of several hundred meters, the Acacia Flame Realm, and with Xiao Yan's actions, the pinkish pink inside this half-field was then injected. The space of color actually turned into a thick pink liquid, which immediately paved the way for a field with a size of 100 meters to a kilometer, and even this field was full of mysterious power.

"..."

"Huhu." A few days passed in a blink of an eye, Xiao Yan used his power quite lightly these days, and Xiao Yan found that only five-star fighting immortals can control the domain, and the repairs are only half completed in the past few days. In the realm, the fighting spirit required is far from being comparable to a four-star fighting immortal.

"This is finally complete, the Acacia Flame Realm in its true state." Xiao Yan was in it, looking down at this void like a master from a height below zero, and said with satisfaction.

Acacia Flame Domain in its true state, this is a pink void, the void is only a kilometer in size, but the gray flames and pink liquid filled everywhere inside make it extremely mysterious and dangerous.

In the Acacia Flame Domain, there is not only Xiao Yan's immortal fire breath, but also the power of pink Acacia that has been brought from the Acacia tree. The power of Acacia is mysterious and unpredictable, even Xiao Yan is just a half-understood.

"It's time to go." After a little induction, I found that Acacia Yanyu didn't change much after reducing the enemy by one level and strengthening me by one level. However, if others were involved here, Xiao Yan would be enough. Confidence kills it.

"Wait... this is it?" Just when Xiao Yan just put away the pink field Xiao Yan's whole body, a gray mist spread out, also the size of thousands of meters, but within the gray mist The power contained is actually suffocating.

"The field..."

"Undying Fire Territory?" Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, the Holy Flame Crystal of Undying Fire, which was hidden by Xiao Yan in the Dou Qi Sea, trembled abruptly, and a majestic message poured into Xiao Yan's mind.

"The realm of undead fire, the realm of undead fire. Having this realm is enough to "die" once in the true sense." After filtering the majestic information, some important words were extracted.

"Death once?" Xiao Yan wondered for a while.

"Death means being in the realm. If you are hit by a fatal blow from a powerhouse under the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, you can rely on the power of the undead fire realm to avoid it or be reborn." gushing.

"That is to say... If you encounter a fatal situation, you can rely on the power of this domain to avoid a fatal blow?" Xiao Yan said in shock.

"nice one……"

"The Undying Fire Domain can now withstand a fatal blow from a seven-star fighting immortal powerhouse, and the upper limit will become higher as the domain increases..."

"However, just one of the two fields consumes too much. I'm afraid you can only use one of them in a fight, but that's enough."

"Let's go." He glanced at the back lightly, and immediately Xiao Yan walked towards the outside world without any hesitation. .

At the same time, only six months have passed in the outside world, and in these six months, Li Hunyu has already been in a lot of war.

The real chapter was written just now.