Chapter 366: 2 Xiao Yan!

"Do you have a solution?"

"What can I do?" The woman also said slightly, and then said to Xiao Yan.

"Space attribute fighting skills, I know." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the palm of his hand suddenly changed, and the next moment he also displayed space shuttle.

The space shuttle handprint is the space fighting skill that Xiao Tian taught Xiao Yan in the Infernal Corpse Forest!

This kind of space shuttle handprint can travel through any space, provided that Xiao Yan has reached the space he traveled through!

"Shabu Shabu!" In the next breath, the space where Xiao Yan was standing also slowly wriggled, and then the next moment, Xiao Yan also disappeared in place, like a ghost, and disappeared silently.

"This is..." The woman was also overjoyed when she saw this. Obviously, this Xiao Yan could actually have such a profound space fighting skill. Now, there are some ways to take away the source of life stone.

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, the space not far away also squirmled in the same way, and Xiao Yan also appeared in the not-too-distant place quietly.

"Haha, how is it?" Xiao Yan also laughed.

"Although it is a space attribute fighting skill, it seems that this is not enough..." The woman didn't seem to be happy for a long time because Xiao Yan knew the space attribute fighting skill, she just kept her voice down.

Because the woman also knows the tyranny of the power of this broken space, so it is also the Tao.

"It shouldn't be..." Xiao Yan said slightly when he heard the words.

"What she said is true. Although she has the fighting skills of the space attribute, this broken space is not a joke. If you don't pay attention, you will be smashed to pieces..."

"This kind of shattering, even now I am powerless..." The Golden Dragon King also said.

"However, if you're not afraid of death, you can try it out." The next moment, the woman spoke slowly.

"Be careful in everything, first talk about what you need?" Xiao Yan also said, obviously the reason why this woman said she was not afraid of death must have some basis.

"The ten-meter radius around this Origin of Life Stone is the range of the broken space. Once ordinary people enter it, I am afraid that it will be instantly wiped out."

"But if you have space fighting skills, you can give it a try."

"Use space fighting skills to enter from the periphery of this broken space, directly approach the Origin of Life Stone, and take it away the moment you appear there." The woman also said with fiery eyes.

"What?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan was also surprised!

Even with Xiao Yan's concentration, he was immediately sluggish!

Entering the shattered space, what Xiao Yan means is not clear!

This shattered space is something that even Dou Xian level powerhouses are quite afraid of. Now Xiao Yan is only the strength of the middle stage of the four-star Dou Emperor. If this shattered space touches any trace, then Xiao Yan will only end up in the end. One, fall directly!

But not to mention, although he knows space fighting skills and can enter the surroundings of the source of life from the outside, but the moment he appears, he will definitely be under the pressure of the broken space, if it is not good , In an instant, he also ended up in ashes.

"Although I know it's a good thing, it's really good not to take it." Xiao Yan also scolded a few words secretly, and then he was also ready, always ready to act.

"Although this method is dangerous, fortunately there is a chance..."

"If we have two people here who know space fighting skills, it will be much easier and there will not be so many dangers." The woman also said slowly.

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he didn't care what the woman said. He took off the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, then took out some medicinal pills, swallowed it, and recovered his lost fighting qi. After all, only with sufficient fighting qi can Xiao Yan have the confidence to do this.

"Don't forget your emperor-level mortal-level soul power." The next moment, the Golden Dragon King also seemed to remember something, and then slowly smiled at Xiao Yan.

"The soul power of the Emperor Realm..." The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly remembered something, and then his face became excited!

"Yes!"

"I have the soul power of the mortal-level peak of this Emperor Realm, so..." The next moment, Xiao Yan also closed his eyes abruptly, carefully communicating the aura in the soul realm deep within his body.

"Shabu!" After a few breaths, Xiao Yan suddenly opened his eyes, and a smile slowly spread out.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The next moment, the woman's pupils shrank tightly, and then she saw two identical figures appear in front of her!

These two people are exactly the same in terms of looks and breath, and even the woman at this time can't tell who is real and who is fake!

"It's been a long time." As soon as the two Xiao Yan appeared, the woman was greatly surprised. The next moment, one of them, Xiao Yan, also bowed.

"I have been in the soul realm for many days. You only think of me now. You are quite incompetent for the title of master." Another Xiao Yan also said slowly, but he could hear it in his voice. Like best friends!

"It's no wonder I'm here, after all, I've just come here, and I don't dare to summon you rashly if I'm not familiar with this place, otherwise, if something unexpected happens..." Xiao Yan said.

"In this way, others can't tell the difference between the two of us, so I'd better change into a suit." After the other Xiao Yan finished speaking, he suddenly turned into a black suit!

"Which one of you is Xiao Yan, and who is..." The woman also had some difficulty distinguishing the two, because the two were one black and one white at this time, and their breath and even soul strength were exactly the same. No wonder this woman is like this. .

"Does it matter who is real and who is fake..." The white Xiao Yan also said slowly.

"Yes, you and I are one body, one is prosperous, and one is damaged." The black Xiao Yan also said.

"How about it, did you hear what happened just now?"

"Are you confident?" Bai Xiaoyan also asked What do you think. "Black Xiao Yan also smiled and said slowly.

"Then let's take a look together."

"Look at how terrifying our combined power is." The white Xiao Yan also said quite fiery.

The white Xiao Yan is the original Xiao Yan. As for the black Xiao Yan, that is, the avatar of soul power, although both of them have the strength of the middle stage of the four-star Dou Di, these two are still dominated by the white Xiao Yan.

"Master, let's start now." The white Xiao Yan also smiled slowly, and then said to the Golden Dragon King.

"Haha, you kid." Seeing this, the Golden Dragon King nodded with satisfaction.

The reason why Xiao Yan didn't summon this soul clone early was to hide this trump card!

Xiao Yan is confident, adding this avatar with the same strength as his own, and the immortal body, I am afraid that the six-star Dou Emperor powerhouses all have the power to fight!

It's just that Xiao Yan didn't use these methods, because these are also his own methods to suppress the bottom of the box, so he won't use them unless he has to!

If you don't make a move, it's already done. Once you make a move, it will be a thunderous situation!

"I have long heard that after the soul's power reaches the emperor's mortal level, it is possible to condense a clone that is indistinguishable from the main body. The clone has all the power of the main body. Now, it seems that it is true." Long Yi also said slowly.

"Let's start." The woman also said.

Ask for tickets!