Chapter Vol 4 1266: Arrived in Dongzhou!

"Whoosh!" The space ship emitted a sound of high-speed movement.

Since the three of Xiao Yan entered the space ship, the outside of the space ship was wrapped by a burst of silver light. With the help of the package of silver light, the power of space in the space teleportation formation suppressed and threatened the three of them. , turned out to be lowered to the lowest level, which gave Xiao Yan a new understanding of space ships.

On the deck of the spaceship, Xiao Yan stood here, looking through the silver light that enveloped the spaceship, looking into the void, not knowing what to think.

"You haven't rested yet?" After a while, a shadowy figure walked out slowly, with a very low voice, for fear of disturbing others.

"It's swiftly..." Xiao Yan heard the words, turned his head slightly, and saw the rain.

At this time, Yu Ran changed into a blue ruffle skirt. Her graceful body and exquisite lines were quite beautiful.

"It's so late and you still can't sleep, what are you thinking?" Yu Ran Ran came to the deck slightly and smiled.

"It's nothing, it's just some personal matters." Xiao Yan slowly shook his head after hearing this.

Now the strength is tyrannical, but Mu Yingying's resurrection, the healing of the Lord of Soul Eater, plus the 100-year agreement between the guardians of the Xiao clan, the search for Xun'er, and even the secrets and disappearances of the Xiao clan, clan lines, etc. A series of events suddenly flooded into Xiao Yan's heart in the dead of night, which made Xiao Yan a little worried for a while.

"I can see that you are not from the ghost realm, but from the other seven realms." Yu Ran's beautiful eyes stared at the void and said.

"Oh?" Xiao Yan couldn't help being surprised when Yu Ran said so.

"Don't be surprised, these are just some of my little skills."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"And we, Yuzong, are not from the ghost world. It's just that there is no place for us to live in the human world, so we have to come to the ghost world." Yu Ran Ran said.

"In the ghost world, although most of them are lonely ghosts and wild ghosts, fortunately, there are rules in the ghost world, so we are human beings, and ordinary people can't detect it." Yu Ran Ran Zaidu said.

"My father once told me that simplicity is very happy, and happiness is very simple."

"I hope it helps you."

"It's getting late, rest early, we're going to Dongzhou soon." Yu Ran Ran said a big push to herself, and then left slowly without waiting for Xiao Yan to speak.

"What should come will always come." Yu Ran Ran's seemingly casual words brought Xiao Yan an extremely tyrannical feeling. Xiao Yan heard the words and was silent for a while, then slowly opened his mouth and went down to practice. .

Xiao Yan has been condensing his spiritual palace and fighting core, and his soul power and fighting spirit are also becoming more and more solid, so this month has passed quickly.

"It stands to reason that we should have arrived in Dongzhou today, why hasn't there been any movement yet?" On this day, Xiao Yan sat on the bed and opened his eyes slightly.

"Crash." Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, an extremely terrifying energy ripple slowly radiated from the space ship.

"What happened?" Xiao Yan felt such violent energy ripples, and couldn't help coming directly to the deck of the space ship.

"Dongzhou...it's here." Xiao Yan had just arrived on the deck, but he saw the two sisters of the Yu family slowly standing on the deck. Among them, Yu Ran Ran's jade hand was gently raised, facing a pure white in front of him. Light mouth pointed.

"Finally... is it here?" Xiao Yan was relieved when he saw this. Through that light mouth, the dazzling aura of heaven and earth seemed to be more intense, and then a frenzy slowly emerged.

"Wei'er, control the direction of the space ship and drive directly out of the space channel. This is already Dongzhou's territory. If we don't stop, I'm afraid they will be mistaken for the enemy who invaded the territory." The next moment, Yu Ran Ran said slightly.

"En." Yu Wei heard the words, a silver light slowly radiated from her body, and then injected into the space ship.

With the injection of this power, the speed of the spaceship slowed down, and finally it slowly walked towards the light port.

"Boom!" With a loud noise, the hull of the space shrunk actively and quickly, and then turned into a silver scroll, and returned to Yuwei's hands. At this moment, they also came to the entrance to Dongzhou!

"Just fly out."

"Our Yecheng space channel and the space channel in Dongzhou are interconnected, so don't worry about the others." Yu Ran Ran and the three stood in the space channel, looking at the space exit in front of them, said.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, then his speed increased sharply, and he went straight to him.

"Weng Om!" Just came out through the exit of the passage, and suddenly bursts of dazzling light blinded the three of them temporarily, but the three of them could clearly feel that the power of space had completely disappeared, replaced by a burst of light. The extremely rich spiritual energy of heaven and earth, obviously they have left the space channel.

"This...is this Dongzhou?" After a while, Xiao Yan regained his vision first with his powerful soul power, then looked at the scene in front of him and lost his voice.

The three of Xiao Yan stood in mid-air, and at their feet was a circular altar that was hundreds of meters in size.

And this circular altar with a size of several hundred meters stands at the top of a mountain range, surrounded by extremely obscure and mysterious huge runes, appearing in Xiao Yan's sight.

"A space formation..." Xiao Yan smiled slightly when he saw this. The space formation in the altar below was obviously connected to Yecheng's space formation.

"Hehe, the old man Mo Yu, is the leader of this space formation. You are also the powerhouses who came to participate in the Eastern Continent Competition, right?" Just when Xiao Yan and the three were at a loss Below the altar, an old man wearing a yellow robe, the voice came out slowly.

"Mo Yu?"

"Samsung Fighting Immortal Early Stage?" But this voice alone made Xiao Yan feel terrified!

If it is said that Ye Yunqing from Kuyezhai and Mo Yu are the same strength in the early stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, but according to Xiao Yan's guess, I am afraid that Ye Yunqing, in the hands of this yellow-robed old man, will not be able to take a single move!

The powerhouses above Eastern Continent are far more tyrannical than those in Yecheng in terms of strength and quality!

"Master Mo Yu, in Xia Yecheng Yu Ran Ran, my father has always mentioned you." On the other side, Yu Ran Ran smiled slightly and smiled at the old man in yellow robe below.

Looking at the appearance, obviously there is some relationship?

"How is Sect Master Yu recently?" The yellow-robed old man Mo Yu smiled slightly when he heard the words.

"The sect master is okay, it's just that the sect has been busy recently, otherwise my father will definitely come in person." Yu Ran said with a smile.

"Hehe, in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian, and the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian, it seems that this time, Yuzong came prepared." The old man in yellow robe smiled.

"The three of you, come down, follow me to register the competition information, and then we, Dongzhou, will have our own accommodation arrangements for the three of you, and in one month, it will be the time when the competition of Dongzhou really begins." The old man in yellow robe said.

"Then there is Lord Lao Moyu." Yu Ran Ran thanked him gently, and the three of them landed instantly, followed Mo Yu down the mountain, and went to the place where the test was registered.

. steal incense