Chapter Vol 4 1617: The tyranny of the dragon sense!

"What exactly is this?" Xiao Yan stood quietly on the barren area, looking up at the imposing dark red coffin and the phantom of its thousand-foot dragon with difficulty, he couldn't help muttering to himself.

At this time, in this piece of land, the color of the thousand-zhang giant dragon's body is quite realistic, like nothingness and real existence, and layers of strange aura emerge around it, like clouds and fog, its head and eyes are tightly closed, as if in the In a deep sleep, the sharp hooks on the body opened their minions, as if they were afraid of something.

"This is the land of dragons, in other words, the place where dragons rest."

"But this guy doesn't seem to be a real dragon. After all, the dragon is a giant-like creature. Even if it falls completely, some old and immortal guys in the dragon will try their best to collect their corpses. Buried among the Hui people, because the dragons are full of treasures, they will not allow the corpses of their own race to be obtained by humans.”

"If the corpse cannot be returned to the dragon cemetery after the death of the dragon clan, it would be a shame for them." The Lord of Soul Eater turned into a black light, filling Xiao Yan's side and saying.

"This guy is a bit like the Dragon Blood Emperor." After a while, Xiao Yan frowned and said.

"Dragon Blood Martial Emperor... It seems that it is indeed." The Soul Eater heard the words and nodded slowly.

"Dragon Blood Emperor, I remember that according to some records left by the Golden Dragon King's uncle, this guy is not a dragon, but a human being, just because he absorbed the blood of the dragon by chance, and his body mutated immediately, so he became a human being. A strong man with dragon blood."

"His strength is about the level of a five-star fighting immortal, but the dragon blood and some records about the dragon in his body are envied by countless humans, and he never thought that he would be in the earth spirit pagoda." Looking at the void in front of him, Xiao Yan spoke slowly.

Now the Dragon God cultivated in his body is the real treasure of the dragon family. If he obtains some treasures from the Dragon Blood Emperor, it will also be of great benefit to his cultivation of the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God. At the peak, it is comparable to the existence of the Dragon God.

In the Great Thousand World, anything that has anything to do with the word "God" will attract countless human beings. The word "Dragon God" is obviously very attractive.

"There seems to be some treasure in the dark red coffin." After a while, Xiao Yan's eyes became hot, and through the huge dragon shadow, he vaguely sensed a fiery fluctuation in the coffin. This fluctuation seemed to Some are similar to the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God in his body, but they are too vague, so Xiao Yan is not sure.

"Wake him up..."

"He should be the guardian of the second floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, and the dark red coffin is probably the treasure here." After Shunxi, the Soul Eater said.

"A five-star fighting immortal-level powerhouse, and a powerhouse stained with dragon blood, this is too terrifying." Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering while listening to the Master of Soul Eater speak.

The Dragon Clan is a race with extremely strong defense and attack power in the Great Thousand World, so the power of this Dragon Blood Emperor is naturally stronger than that of ordinary five-star humans.

"Wake up." At the moment when Xiao Yan hesitated, a trace of black energy gushed out of the Lord Soul Eater's finger, directly hitting the illusory figure of the giant dragon.

"Hoohoho!" In an instant, the eyes of the thousand-zhang giant dragon suddenly opened, and an extremely angry roar spread out like a sound wave.

"Damn..." Realizing this scene, Xiao Yan's eyes became vigilant, and his eyes were fixed on the huge dragon shadow in front of him.

"Human...death!" Qianzhang Longying just woke up, as if being disturbed and sleeping, Longmu glared at Xiao Yan and roared.

"The first transformation of the Dragon God!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan did not dare to be sloppy. He immediately displayed the first transformation of the Dragon God. At that time, a hidden golden light flowed over his body, but Xiao Yan did not dare to be sloppy. It is also found that as his strength increases, the strength of the enemies he encounters becomes more and more tyrannical. The first change of the mere Dragon God increases his physical strength, and the second change of dragon sense can no longer cope with his enemies.

"Hoohoho!" At the next moment, in the dragon's mouth, a cloud of dark blue dragon flames emerged from its mouth like a meteorite, with the destructive power of the void and the extremely hot aura, blasting towards Xiao Yan. .

"This is too strong." Seeing this sudden attack, Xiao Yan's expression became solemn. Obviously, with his tyrannical soul power, Xiao Yan knew that with his current strength, it would be extremely difficult to deal with this attack.

"Weng buzzing!" In an instant, Xiao Yan didn't sit still. The first transformation of the dragon **** was displayed, and the swallowing flame and fire techniques were displayed in an instant. Normal racing.

"Humble human being, actually disturbing this emperor's deep sleep... Damn it!" The thousand-zhang giant dragon roared as he looked at Xiao Yan who was attacked by his own dragon flame and fled like a bereaved dog.

However, the body of this Qianzhang Longying is a bit strange. Above that empty body, there seems to be some rather gloomy black aura densely distributed, like a ghostly aura, which is quite terrifying.

And it was the suppression of these forces that made Emperor Dragonblood's strength somewhat weak. At this time, his power was only at the peak level of a four-star Dou Xian, far from the imposing manner of a five-star Dou Xian.

"By the way... the second change of the Dragon God, Dragon Sense?" After running away for a while, Xiao Yan suddenly remembered something and exclaimed.

"Since you don't run, then die!" Seeing Xiao Yan stop suddenly Qianzhang Longying did not hesitate at all, in front of the dragon's mouth, a scorching blue flame, and the dragon's breath suddenly emerged, as if The elf is beating fast, and this level of power actually makes this barren land reveal an extremely trembling fluctuation, as if it is eating the earth, so that the earth will shatter the void at any time!

"The second transformation of the Dragon God, the sense of the dragon!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan was unmoved, his eyes closed slightly, and the casting route of the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God in his body slowly moved, and then a tyrannical golden power quietly permeated Xiao Yan. on the body of inflammation.

"Relying on your own strength and dragon blood, can you imitate the real coercion of the dragon family?"

"The nine transformations of the Dragon God are really weird, but this kind of dragon sense doesn't seem to be of much use to the Dragon God sitting down and nine sons. After all, those guys have the power of the real Dragon King, but only a few The guy who talks from the other side has some miraculous effects." Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, the Soul Eater smiled.

"Weng Om Om!" After a while, Xiao Yan's body actually slowly disappeared in this world, and a golden dragon with a body that was more than a thousand meters tall suddenly emerged from the place where Xiao Yan disappeared.

The golden dragon, with golden dragon scales all over his body, is quite domineering, and the ancient questions on the dragon scales symbolize its mighty power, revealing the coercion of the superiors invisibly. .

"Dragon God sits down with the eldest disciple, the Golden Dragon King?"

"How is that possible?" Looking at the phantom in front of him, feeling the extremely realistic breath of the superior, the dragon-blooded Martial Emperor's body of the thousand-zhang giant dragon slowly gathered up and turned into the appearance of a middle-aged man, with blue flames surrounding his body, but his eyes Among them, there is an unbelievable look!