Chapter Vol 4 1371: 2 Star Douxian late stage!

"Hey!" Xiao Yan and the Master of Soul Eater kept wandering around in the Void Thunder Pond. After a while, they found Du Qifei's figure in a narrow space Thunder Pond.

This is a rather dark void. In the void, Duo Qifei's delicate body slowly stands in the air, her beautiful eyes tightly closed.

At this time, Duo Qifei was constantly lingering with gray thunderbolts. Obviously, these gray thunderbolts emerged from the thunder pool. Now they are absorbed by Duo Qifei, and a trace of tyrannical aura is constantly permeating.

At the same time, the token of reincarnation between Duo Qifei's eyebrows also showed a strange wave, as if something attracted him in this thunder pool, but that kind of wave was obviously not something that could be emitted by ordinary things.

"This..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan frowned, always feeling that this so-called big opportunity might have something to do with Duo Qifei.

"Master, what should I do now?" Xiao Yan endured the heat in his heart and asked slightly.

"Now, don't be in a hurry."

"It's better to wait for Du Qifei to wake up first, otherwise the strong awakens her cultivation state, which may cause some other effects on the token of reincarnation." The Lord of Soul Eater said after weighing it, after all, the token of reincarnation in Duo Qifei's body is no trivial matter. So naturally, they won't do strange things for their own selfishness.

"The power of thunder is so strong, I don't know if it can help me break through..." Xiao Yan nodded slightly when he heard the words, and then turned his eyes towards the thunder pool. Xiao Yan's heart trembled.

"Take advantage of these hours, you should also absorb the power of thunder. After all, there are reincarnators, and many of the power of thunder in this thunder pool will continue to gather here."

"Whether you can break through is up to you." The Soul Eater said with a smile. With his strength, he naturally noticed that Duo Qifei had absorbed the power of thunder and was saturated with the power of thunder, and the gray thunder surrounding her would not be absorbed if it was not absorbed. , I am afraid it is wasted.

"En." After a long time, Xiao Yan also turned around and murmured, with a smile in his voice. Although this gray thunder power did not know how it was generated, its power was stronger than Xiao Yan's fighting immortal tribulation or even It is the medicinal pill robbery that is stronger and more powerful.

"Since that's the case, let's start practicing. It won't take long for Du Qifei to wake up." The next moment, the Lord of Soul Eater said.

Xiao Yan nodded, then his toes lightly dipped in the void, and immediately swept towards Du Qifei. The power of Sheng Yan also emerged from the body in an instant, completely wrapping the body.

"Weng buzzing!" Originally, under the saturation of Duan Qifei's absorption of gray thunder, a strong thunder force continued to linger outside her delicate body, but when Xiao Yan approached, those thunder seemed to be surprised. , shot out like a silver snake, and attacked Xiao Yan's body like lightning.

"Dragon God's first change!" Xiao Yan didn't dare to be sloppy, after all, this level of thunder is no joke.

The first transformation of the Dragon God made Xiao Yan's body full of a faint golden luster, but after the display, no matter how tyrannical the power of thunder was, it did not affect Xiao Yan.

However, although these gray thunderbolts were tyrannical, when they came into contact with Xiao Yan's body, they were blocked by Xiao Yan's body's tyranny and holy flames. Only a dull sound was heard, and they instantly disappeared, leaving only a faint trace of it. Power poured into Xiao Yan's body.

"Pfft, puff." Seemingly aware of the sound, Du Qifei's beautiful eyes couldn't help but flicker, but he didn't open it in the end, still swallowing the power of thunder.

In the gray pool of thunder, the thunder of terrifying violent force kept beating, and every time it beat, it would cause waves of space ripples in the void, but the next moment, it was swallowed up by Xiao Yan.

At this time, in the Void Thunder Pond in the depths of the two, Xiao Yan was constantly absorbing the gray thunder, and his entire body was filled with gray thunder, like a gray dragon, and his body was filled with the power of unusually dazzling thunder. How tyrannical the power of thunder is, under the protection of Xiao Yan's first transformation of the Dragon God and Sheng Yan, it was also continuously refined by Xiao Yan and turned into a trace of the purest power that poured into the body.

In the gray void thunder pool, a Qianying and a man's body slowly came out, the thunder power on Qianying's body has slowly disappeared, as if it will wake up at any time, as for Xiao Yan, the violent gray thunder is crazy outside his body Roaring, one after another thunder beams that touched the thick arms of the arms, continuously diffused from the void, and then attacked Xiao Yan's body without any imposing manner, but this attack did not cause any fluctuations in Xiao Yan, as if it made The power in Xiao Yan's body continued to solidify.

In the Void Thunder Pond, I don't know why, the power of the gray thunder seems to be endless, so absorbed, a month has passed in a blink of an eye.

During this month, Duan Qifei’s aura has also stabilized, but his strength has soared to the perfect level of two-star Dou Xian, which makes Xiao Yan unable to help smack his tongue secretly, but Xiao Yan also gained a lot in this month. rich.

"Have you reached the limit..." After a while, Xiao Yan's pupils slowly opened, seeing that the Dou Core in his body actually had a hint of tyrannical resistance to the gray thunder beside him, he immediately nodded helplessly.

"Two Star Dou Immortal late stage." He stood up slightly and threw a few punches at will. A trace of gray thunder continued to flow out, making Xiao Yan's attack extremely tyrannical.

"Now, in the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian, with the fighting spirit, holy flame, and even the first transformation of the Dragon God and the soul fighting skills, I am afraid that if you encounter a real three-star Dou Xian, you can still fight." Feeling the pound in the body With the power of the scorpion, a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

However, Xiao Yan is still a little helpless. The improvement of his strength becomes more and more difficult the further he goes on. Only by relying on Fen Jue's mysterious characteristics and swallowing the holy flame can he exchange for the tyrannical power and find the holy flame, which is also a must for Xiao Yan. Indispensable thing.

"Weng buzzing!" At the next moment, Duan Qifei who was beside Xiao Yan suddenly opened his beautiful eyes slightly.

"The power of the reincarnator?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help being startled and became vigilant.

"Little guy, and the Lord of Soul Eater, it's really been a long time." A silver bell-like laughter slowly emerged and filled the entire void. At that time, the extremely tyrannical gray thunder around him was also quiet at this time. The grapes were in front of Duo Qifei. At this time, Duo Qifei, in her beautiful eyes, a gray energy slowly emerged, and even the token of reincarnation between the eyebrows burst out with a bright light.

"Lei Lord..." Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly with a little fiery lips, but his heart was shocked.

Mobile version update fastest URL: