Chapter 275: Youquan took action and stole the evil soul of the twin ghost emperors!

"damn it!"

"What is the aura of that black qi that actually makes me terrified..." Yin Xie also quickly calculated in his heart, and before he had time to think about it, the Ghost Emperor Armor covering his body exuded a very strong Thick ghost energy, trying to surround himself in groups to resist the power of the lotus of silence.

Without the obstruction of the sword light, the next moment, the lotus of annihilation also slammed into the black qi of the Yinxie body of the twin ghost emperors!

The black energy was condensed by the Ghost Emperor Armor, and its defensive power was astonishing.

Xiao Yan in the sky also shook his head and smiled slightly.

"Boom boom boom!"

Even if it is cut in half, the power of the Lotus of Silentness will not weaken in the slightest!

Because Xiao Yan was controlling the lotus of silence just now, deliberately weakening the outermost defensive power of the lotus of silence, in order to let the twin ghost emperors relax their vigilance, thus making a fatal blow!

But fortunately, Xiao Yan still succeeded. This evil evil never noticed Xiao Yan's small actions from beginning to end.

At this time, Yin Xie Zheng was stubbornly resisting the Lotus of Quietness.

"Boom boom boom!" The lotus of annihilation slammed into the evil's black air defense, and even without the slightest suppression, it exploded with a bang. Hundreds of feet of mushroom cloud!

And with the appearance of the mushroom cloud, the originally indestructible blood-colored vortex was instantly shattered by the terrifying high temperature and destructive power!

"Shabu!" The terrifying attacks continued to attack the evil spirits, but the evil evil spirits were extremely powerful, and even the Lotus of Destruction did not cause much damage to it.

It's just that with the complete explosion of the lotus of annihilation, the black energy attached to the lotus of annihilation is also facing the gathering of yin and evil!

"Bang bang bang!" The terrifying black qi instantly filled the black qi defense of the twin ghost emperors.

"This is..." The twin ghost emperors showed his powerful side at this time, even under the attack of the lotus of annihilation, he was able to cope with ease, because he did not dare to underestimate this power, but Although this power is powerful, it would be foolish to want to kill him.

It's just that when the black qi on the lotus of annihilation appeared on top of his defensive ghost qi, Yin Xie felt a heartbeat!

"What kind of power is this..." Because Yin Xie suddenly discovered that the ghostly qi that was originally defending the Lotus of Quietness and produced a terrifying explosion of flames, was rapidly weakening when the black qi was attached to it...

Yin and evil are clear, once the defensive ghost energy is eroded, then facing a terrifying explosion, the end is either serious injury or death!

At the same time, Yin Xie's face became solemn!

"damn it!"

"What the **** is this!" Yin Xie didn't have time to be surprised, the ghostly energy covering his body was completely swallowed up by the black energy!

Moreover, after the black qi devoured his defensive ghost qi, he had no intention of retreating at all. The next moment, it was also tightly attached to his ghost emperor armor!

"Shabu!" The black energy was attached to the Ghost Emperor's Armor, and Yin Xie felt that the Ghost Emperor's Armor, which was enough to resist the full blow of an eight-star Dou Emperor powerhouse, seemed to have lost its strength at this time, and it was the same as an ordinary piece of armor. clothes make no difference.

"Boom boom boom!" Just when Yin Xie was extremely surprised, a terrifying explosion also filled the air, and then with the help of black qi, Yin Xie's defense ghost qi and ghost emperor armor were useless.

"Boom boom boom!"

This lotus of annihilation was just condensed by Xiao Yan's strength at the peak of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, so even if it is the evil spirit of the eighth rank Ghost Emperor, without the slightest defense, if it is directly hit by such a terrifying attack, then the end is...

"Ah, ah!" Yin Xie really deserves to be a ghost emperor. When he knew that the black qi should not be underestimated and that he could not resist it, his figure moved, and he wanted to escape, but the black qi had already taken him away. Staying still, the evil spirits at this time, his pupils are also full of fear, and it was not until this moment that he knew that this black gas is of course the soul-devouring talisman among the twelve evil soldiers of the ghost world!

"How could a human being possess the Soul Eater Talisman!" Yin Xie also screamed hideously, but this cry was not heard by anyone except Xiao Yan.

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying attack was like hitting a dead target, forcibly attacking the twin ghost emperor's body!

"Successful?" The people on the ground were also shocked by this sudden scene, and they never imagined that Xiao Yan could suddenly turn the tide of the battle.

"Xiao Yan, you really succeeded!" Yueru also said slowly, letting go of her hanging heart!

"I knew this kid could do it." Mu Feng also said with a smile.

"I really succeeded by this kid..." The Nine Souls Monument also has a sluggish way. Obviously, no one could have imagined that a mere four-star Dou Emperor would actually be able to inflict heavy damage on the eighth-rank twin ghost emperors!

"This kid is not only good in strength, but also has a good temperament and sense of the overall situation..."

"He's the one who made the big deal." Chang Yu also laughed!

With the strength of these two, even if the vindictive energy in the body is sluggish, it is not difficult to find out that the evil evil had suffered such a terrifying attack from Xiao Yan.

"I originally wanted me to take action, but I didn't expect this kid to be so terrifying."

"Can't stay."

"Kill!" The terrifying killing intent also appeared instantly.

Then the next moment, the space around Xiao Yan twisted strangely, and then a black figure with a very evil aura also launched an attack on Xiao Yan at a very fast speed!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Shabu Shabu!" An arm in the figure stretched out, and then swung down at Xiao Yan, the terrifying palm print attacked the weakened Xiao Yan. Xiao Yan had just recovered, but he found it. A terrifying attack came towards him, and he just wanted to defend himself, but his soul power and spiritual power were exhausted, and a sense of powerlessness spread throughout his body.

"Xiao Yan be careful!" A coquettish anger sounded, and then an azure flame also instantly covered Xiao Yan's body, and then the terrifying palm print did not attack Xiao Yan I was shocked by this azure blue flame. The flames were stopped.

The power of the terrifying palm print and the azure flame also canceled each other out, but the azure flame actually had a trace of it strung into the black figure, and suddenly the black figure had to give up killing Xiao Yan and deal with the inside of the body. of that azure flame.

"Why does this azure flame have a familiar feeling..." The Golden Dragon King, who was hidden in Xiao Yan's ring, also whispered. Obviously, he had already discovered the attack of the black figure just now. If it wasn't for Mu Yingying's shot, Then he will definitely stop it.

"Xiao Yan, are you alright?"

"Be careful, this person is very strong." Mu Yingying also leaned over with the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, and then Mu Yingyingbei bit her lips and said to Xiao Yan.

"Thank you very much for what happened just now." Xiao Yan also said softly, and then some medicinal pills also appeared in his hands and walked away towards Mu Yingying.

Seeing this, Mu Yingying wanted to refuse just now, but she accepted the black figure in front of her, and then her lips parted slightly and swallowed it away.

"It actually failed..."

"let it go."

"Stop them, I'll protect the ghost emperor's soul!" said the black figure, and then behind him, a figure in black clothes also appeared.

"damn it!"

"A seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouse and a six-star Dou Emperor powerhouse?" Chang Yu's expression also became solemn.

"damn it!"

Ask for tickets!