Chapter Vol 4 1032: flaw

"Senior brother... I'm sorry." Xiao Yan looked at the incomparably evil Yin Tong in front of him, said something in his heart, and then prepared to attack.

But in the next moment, the face of Fen Tian, ​​the master of Fenxiang Pavilion, appeared in his mind. Obviously, this guy named Yin Yintong, but Fen Tian had been regarded as his own disciple for hundreds of years, could not have imagined that he would end up like this now. Xiao Yan still felt more or less regretful in his heart.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"The first foot!"

"Second foot!"

"The third foot!" Xiao Yan tried his best to dissipate other thoughts, and then a dazzling khaki light flashed from the Ancient Fire Eternal Ruler behind him.

"Plop." Three huge chi awns containing the power of holy flames attacked directly at the note pupil that appeared in front of the Gorefiend.

And Xiao Yi and the ghost-faced, soul-flaming spirit were not idle either, and the two of them burst out with a burst of dazzling attacks, attacking Yin Tong.

"These three guys, what a tyrannical attack..."

"At this level of attack, I am afraid that the peak Dou Di peak can only temporarily avoid it, but fortunately, Yin Tong is my painstaking work."

"Although the power of holy flame can't be integrated with our alien race, the power in this guy's body is extremely delicious..."

"As long as he can serve my clan, that's enough..." After the Gorefiend finished speaking, Yan Chi felt a sense of fear that came from within, but the others didn't notice it.

"Choke choke!" Facing the attack of Xiao Yan's three, Yin Tong, who was full of blood-colored pupils, did not seem to have the slightest fear, and took a step forward. Under his feet, an evil blood energy like thick smoke burst out suddenly. !

"Boom boom boom!" After Yin Tong finished all of this, he directly raised his hands in the sky, showing the momentum of the sky, surrounded by blood and energy, and forcibly blocked the attack of Xiao Yan and the three.

"This guy is too strong, isn't it?" Xiao Yi watched the three people's attacks were easily stopped by him, and couldn't help but say, at this time, after all, it was in the land of holy flames between the blood rivers, and Xiao Yi's strength was affected by it. It is not a small suppression, so it is naturally quite difficult to deal with this guy.

"This guy is very unusual, look at the blood around him."

"This thing is really the blood demon gold qi, and the blood demon gold qi is the source of the blood demon envoy. This note pupil has been demonized so thoroughly, I'm afraid..." Ghost Face Soul Yan also said that the pressure was greatly increased.

"Is there no other way?" Xiao Yan said unwillingly.

"There is no way to do it, but that kind of method may require a strong immortal warrior to use, and it is related to the power of the ghost-faced soul flame." The spirit of ghost-faced soul flame said.

"Senior, you..." Xiao Yan was also a little surprised when he heard this.

"Hehe, I'm just the Holy Flame Spirit guarding this Demon Town. As for the Ghost Face Soul Flame, I'll give it to you when you kill this Gorefiend."

"And you have a lot of familiar smells on your body," said Ghost Face Soul Flame Spirit.

"Yes." Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard this.

"Susu." But in the next moment, the calm note pupil, the figure suddenly swelled up, and then shot directly at Xiao Yan!

"Big brother, do a quick flash!" Seeing this, Xiao Yi felt the terrifying destructive power contained in Yin Tong's attack, and she was a little far away from Xiao Yan, so she couldn't push Xiao Yan away, so she could only scream.

"It's too late!" Hearing this, Xiao Yan frowned immediately, and then without the slightest delay, the dazzling Dou Emperor body suddenly appeared on top of his body, and the power of the khaki holy flame was wrapped around him, like a golden Mars!

"Bang bang bang!" The evil Yin Tong attacked without any bells and whistles, just came to Xiao Yan, then clenched his hands and attacked Xiao Yan.

And it was this kind of attack that caused Xiao Yan's immortal body to be severely damaged.

"Burning incense..." And Yin Tong's attack just landed, and suddenly a few words appeared in the corner of Yin Tong's mouth, which was extremely distorted, and the pupils changed indefinitely, which was quite painful.

"Senior Brother!" Xiao Yan heard the words, and naturally an indelible enthusiasm emerged. At this time, both of them were covered by such a terrifying attack, and the outside world could not detect it.

"Burn..."

"This...dangerous...go!" Intermittent voices emerged from Yintong's mouth, but Xiao Yan, relying on his strong perception, found that every time the senior brother Yintong spoke, the blood around his body became stronger and stronger, and even There is a faint trace of black energy constantly competing with blood energy.

"Plop." After a while, the two attacks were directly intertwined, and then a mouthful of blood spurted out of Xiao Yan's mouth directly by the force of the Yin Tong attack.

"Go away!" Seeing this, Xiao Yi's pupils became red, and her figure instantly rose, turning into a flash of fire, and she directly repulsed him by a lot of distance with the power of the sudden surge.

"Big brother..." Xiao Yi said immediately after fighting off Yin Tong.

"I'm fine..."

"It's just that a strange thing flashed in this guy's eyes just now..." Xiao Yan dissipated his immortal body and said slowly.

The feeling just now was extremely strange, but Xiao Yan believed that the current Note Tong, more or less, still had the last trace of spirituality in the body, and just now, it was obvious that the Note Tong spirituality was temporarily awakened.

"This guy actually still has the last trace of spirituality left in his body..." Just when Xiao Yan was surprised, the Soul Eater said.

"Senior, what's going on?" Xiao Yan hurriedly asked after hearing this.

"This guy, I don't know why, has experienced the possession of holy flame, and at this time he has the last trace of spirituality left, which is probably related to the ghost face and soul flame." said Soul Eater.

"Then why doesn't this ghost-faced soul-flaming spirit know?" Xiao Yan said.

"I don't know."

"However, if you can defeat him, I can temporarily suppress him. Although it can't save his life, it is enough to do a little trick for you to successfully bring him back," said Soul Eater.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Okay!" Xiao Yan heard the words, his pupils flashed with a hint of fighting intent, there are still many secrets about the senior brother Yintong, Xiao Yan didn't want to bury it like this.

"Big brother, what's the matter?" Xiao Yi asked, seemingly sensing Xiao Yan's abnormality.

"Senior Ghost Face, Soul Flame Spirit..."

"Let's work together to suppress him." Xiao Yan's heart flashed with solemnity, and then said.

"This guy... seems to have the power of Ghost Face Soul Flame..." And as Xiao Yan opened his mouth, the Ghost Face Soul Flame found that the evil note pupil covered in blood energy in front of him, but a trace of black sprouted under his feet. Gas, like ghost gas!