Chapter Vol 4 1773: The wood property of the forest!

"Lord Xiao Yan, thousands of meters ahead is the Tianyuan Mountains where the princess lives."

"There are hundreds of thousands of vassal subjects in the Tianyuan Mountains, and there are many forces. These guys are all loyal ministers who support the princess." The towering mountains in his heart laughed.

Everyone had just stepped past the guards of Tianxing City and entered it, but Xiao Yan found out that this so-called Tianxing City was just a warning on the outermost layer. The houses at the bottom of the thirteen mountain ranges are mostly guard residences used for patrolling. The core of Sky Star City is the vast thirteen mountain ranges. It is equivalent to one-fifth of Xuantiantian, which shows how huge these thirteen mountain ranges are.

"The third mountain range, this girl is quite powerful if you don't see it." Xiao Yan looked away and found that in these mountain ranges, many obscure auras emerged, even the auras of some old monsters, which made one's heart palpitate, and The fact that this princess can live on the third mountain range undoubtedly proves the potential and prestige of this girl.

"Go." They looked at each other and walked directly, but at this time, everyone was like ants walking at the bottom of the cliff. The Tianxing City at the bottom of the mountain range was surrounded by huge mountains that towered into the clouds. The ground of Tianxing City and the top of the mountain range were about 100 meters apart. The distance made everyone seem extremely small.

"It's a little weird..." Xiao Yan's soul power dissipated, and he suddenly noticed that a not weak force was slowly coming towards them, and said in surprise.

Sky Star City is just a few houses and city walls standing at the bottom of the thirteen mountain ranges, so the sight is dim.

"Haha, isn't this Lord Lin Qingwen... such a coincidence?" After a while, Xiao Yan and the others moved forward a little distance, and suddenly saw a man approaching.

The man was wearing gorgeous clothes, and at a glance, he knew that he was a member of the royal family.

"Our people?" Xiao Yan was not surprised, he just turned his head and asked Lin Qingwen, the warning in his voice was too obvious.

"No...Sir Xiao Yan, this guy is the subordinate of Prince Lin Feng in the Fourth Mountain Range. He has been arrogant and domineering in the entire Tianxing City, relying on his five-star Dou Xian consummate strength and his relationship with a little bit of royal blood. "Lin Qingwen shook his head and said, obviously this guy in front of him is quite annoying, but the victory is that this guy is very strong, and there is Lin Feng behind him, so they are not easy to turn their faces.

"Five Star Fighting Immortals is a complete Lin Hai..." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly.

"Sir, this place is no better than Tianmu City. Here, please hide your strength. This is not only for the sake of the princess, but also for the adults." Looking at Xiao Yan's smile, Lin Qingwen really felt an awe-inspiring killing intent. But still in a low voice.

Xiao Yan is a soul hall powerhouse who has truly killed a six-star Dou Xian perfection level. In Xiao Yan's eyes, this area is a complete five-star Dou Xian. Naturally, it is no different from an ant.

"That's right...then play with you." After raising his head and looking around these mountains, Xiao Yan also knew Lin Qingwen's good intentions and laughed.

Although he only has the mid-term strength of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, he is not inferior to the real Five-Star Fighting Immortal without using the means of swallowing the flames and amber rock soul fire.

"This is the new territory that Prince Lin Feng has just entered. If you want to pass from here, I am afraid you will have to pay a lot of money." Seeing Xiao Yan motionless, Lin Hai's sharp eyes flickered, and he said softly.

"Lin Hai?"

"Don't be presumptuous, this is the guest of the Seventh Princess. If you insist on blocking and wasting the Seventh Princess's precious time, you know the consequences." Lin Qingwen said sternly.

"Yeah... I know the consequences, but you don't have that chance."

"Muyu!" As Lin Qingwen's voice fell, Lin Hai suddenly laughed. After a while, the dim road and the 100-meter space were completely covered with lush trees.

"Pimple." With the appearance of this wood attribute domain, Lin Qingwen's aura suddenly dropped, and even a strong aura of life came out abundantly.

"Wood attribute... It's actually a terrifying means to suppress the fire attribute in my body faintly." Xiao Yan said in surprise.

"Lin Hai, what are you doing!" Lin Qingwen growled when he saw Lin Hai's strange behavior.

"As ordered by the prince, to kill the disciples who harmed the Seventh Princess, am I right, Xiao Yan?" At this moment, Lin Hai suddenly hid his whereabouts, and his voice came from the countless trees.

"Just because of this?"

"Although I haven't seen the so-called Prince Lin Feng, this kind of behavior is really disgusting."

"If you want to kill me, let that dog come over in person."

"Just like you, don't come out and be ashamed." Xiao Yan didn't take it seriously, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire appeared behind him, and smiled indifferently.

Even though this wood attribute field has a lot of suppression on him, the fire attribute in his body has been purified by holy flames. The power of fire attribute vindictiveness alone is more than ten times that of wood attribute power. Therefore, this This kind of battle is quite unsuspense.

"A sharp-toothed boy."

"The art of wood grows like crazy!" Seeing Xiao Yan's arrogant tone, Lin Hai shouted, and suddenly a green beam filled the 100-meter field. For a time, these trees turned out to be growing rapidly. In a short time, it was nearly a hundred meters long, and it was vaguely about to reach the halfway of the mountain range.

"The Seal of the Heavenly King!" Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan did not hesitate. He clasped his palms together. Strange and extremely bright rays of light, like the shining sun, roared towards Lin Hai. The level of attack power was so tyrannical that it might be enough to hit Lin Hai. Seriously injured!

"Good come!"

"Mu Yutianbi!" Seeing Xiao Yan's tyrannical attack, Lin Hai didn't have any fear, instead he smiled slightly.

"Crash!" As soon as Lin Hai's voice fell, the surrounding trees suddenly rose from the ground and moved directly towards his body, and vaguely turned into a giant green wall of light, like a stubborn stone. Lin Hai's body was completely wrapped.

"Boom!" The Heavenly King's Seal slammed into it. With its tyrannical attacking power, a conspicuous groove was carved out of the green light pattern wall. Unfortunately, in the end, the bright seal light slowly disappeared in the green light pattern. on the wall.

"It seems that the wood attribute of the Star Continent can be well-known. It is not unreasonable." Seeing that Lin Hai received his rather tyrannical blow so easily, Xiao Yan stepped on the ground of the domain and smiled slightly, but for Lin Hai The wood attribute field that was cast was filled with a hint of curiosity.

What is the difference between this guy's wood attribute and other powerhouses...

Why is his attack soft and weak like hitting cotton when it hits it.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.