Chapter 695: Still too hard

"What the **** are you doing!" Seeing this, Xinyan felt a sense of unease.

When Xinyan saw that her attack was easily blocked by Xiao Yan, she was immediately surprised.

This Xiao Yan's strength is only in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. How could he possibly take on an attack that was as powerful as the Nine-Star Dou Emperor?

This is impossible!

"The power of holy flame." Xiao Yan said softly, and then, in the holy flame crystal in his hand, clumps of thick khaki-yellow liquid suddenly emerged, and then all of them attached to Xiao Yan!

"Don't think that you can beat me with the power of holy flame, it's a fool's dream." Xinyan snorted coldly. Although the power of holy flame had a lot of suppression on him, if Xiao Yan wanted to rely on the strength of the late Six Star Dou Emperor to defeat him I'm afraid it's not enough!

"I don't know enough." Xiao Yan held the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in one hand. The dazzling Emperor Yan combined with the power of holy flames directly converged on the tip of the ruler, and bursts of cold light approached Xinyan.

The other hand directly held the holy flame crystal, and the dazzling holy flame power continued to overflow from it, making Xinyan's eyes quite red.

"Immortal body!" The next moment, Xiao Yan saw that the power in his body had reached saturation, and suddenly shouted!

Just as Xiao Yan's shouts had just ended, a body of a Dou Emperor with a size of a hundred feet suddenly appeared!

The appearance of the immortal body made Xiao Yan look like a **** of war!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Does the body of a fighting emperor..."

"Some people still use this thing, but this thing has been forgotten for many years." Seeing this, Xinyan couldn't help but be surprised.

However, he felt an invisible pressure on Xiao Yan's golden body of Dou Di. Obviously, this immortal body is not ordinary.

"If that's the case, it's barely a bit like that." Xinyan said slightly.

"Three Mysterious Transformations of Heavenly Fire!"

"Emperor's change!"

"The heart has changed!" Xiao Zaidu shouted.

Just after the shouting ended, Xiao Yan's strength, surrounded by his golden immortal body, suddenly skyrocketed!

"Middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Di?"

"It doesn't matter anymore." Xinyan was not surprised when she saw this.

With the strength of his own nine-star Dou Emperor, he possesses his own self-confidence. If even Xiao Yan's district seven-star Dou Emperor can't handle it, let alone conquer Sheng Yan.

"Clan Marks..."

"Get up!" There was a strange look in Xiao Yan's pupils, and then a mysterious clan pattern suddenly appeared on his forehead!

The rune is purple-red. With the activation of the clan pattern, Xiao Yan can feel that a strange force is rapidly being born in his body. Extremely obvious enhancement!

"Is this all your means..."

"Then I have to say, today is the time when you fell." Xinyan smiled slowly, her voice contained a hint of arrogance.

Obviously, even if Xiao Yan used all his means, he still couldn't make Xinyan fear!

"Come on!" Xiao Yan was already fully armed and used all the means he could only use to strengthen himself, but there was still a lot of gap between him and Xinyan.

No way, who made this guy the Spirit of Holy Flame?

Xinyan put away her contempt and stared at Xiao Yan vigilantly.

Although Xiao Yan used many means at this time, his strength was only at the mid-level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, but Xinyan would not remember any chance to turn defeat into victory.

"Guru!" A Xinyan immediately transformed and absorbed the power of the devoured dead beasts, and in a short period of time, the strength skyrocketed.

"Damn."

"This guy's strength, I am afraid, has reached the realm of Nine Star Dou Emperor Nine Ranks..."

"Moreover, it's not too low in Rank 9." Xiao Yan said with vigilant eyes.

"Go to hell!" At the next moment, Xinyan didn't hesitate, her figure exploded and shot directly at Xiao Yan!

The flames all over his body instantly turned into a sharp sword, showing its sharp edge!

"Immortal body!"

"Protect me!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, the dazzling power of holy flame and emperor flame poured directly into the golden immortal body.

Immediately, the immortal body absorbed so much distance, and when it collided, it collided with a size of nearly five hundred feet in a short moment!

"Boom boom boom!" Xinyan's dazzling power of life and death directly attacked Xiao Yan's immortal body!

The terrifying attack of Xinyan kept hitting the immortal body, Xiao Yan could feel that his immortal body was weakening at a rapid speed!

This heart rock guy!

This guy actually found a flaw when he used his immortal body before him!

"Although your immortal body is tyrannical, you still can't exert his power at this time, so..."

"Go to **** with remorse!" After Xinyan finished speaking, her face suddenly turned hideous!

"Rock Breaking Heaven Burial!" Xinyan shouted suddenly.

With Xinyan shouting like this, suddenly, a lot of rubble suddenly appeared in this boundless holy flame space!

I don't know where these rubble came from, but without exception, they all carry extremely tyrannical power!

"This heart rock..." Xiao Yan's heart was slightly startled, as if he felt a familiar force was rapidly approaching here!

The Shattered Heavenly Burial is the source of the holy flame of the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock!

It is a great trump card that uses the hottest flame power and earth attribute power mixed with the power of holy flame to compress the power of flame into the rubble, and condense it out!

"Boom boom boom!" In the sacred flame space, the volume of the broken rock burial brewed by Xinyan became larger and larger, and the death contained in it became more and more terrifying.

"The Rock Fragment Sky Burial, the bigger the size, the greater the lethality. With such a size, I am afraid that it will have the power to fight against the Nine Star Dou Emperor." Xiao Yan showed a helpless smile in his eyes.

Even if he is now in control of the holy flame, the immortal body is added to the body, the three mysterious transformations of the sky fire plus the clan pattern, and the means of pressing the bottom of the box are exhausted, it is still quite difficult to deal with Xinyan.

After all, Xiao Yan's current strength is at best the level of the middle stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor. If he were to deal with the Eight-Star Dou Emperor, he would barely have the power to protect himself.

"Boy, although your Xiao family is extremely arrogant in the entire Doudi Continent, but...

"You are arrogant and bad luck encounter me, in this case, the new hatred and the old hatred are counted together, let's die!" On Xinyan's palm dragged a terrifying stone flame composed of many broken stones group!

The power radiated from it, I am afraid it would be easy to kill a mere Seven Star Dou Emperor.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan's mind was condensed, the battle qi sea and soul realm in his body were spinning violently, and even the spirit realm in his body emitted a high-speed vortex, activating the core inscription of Shen Dong's life!

Xiao Yan's eyes shrank, although he felt a wave of death from it, but Xiao Yan was not a generation to sit still and activate his strongest state in a short period of time.

"It's still too reluctant." Xiao Yan smiled bitterly. Immediately, the dazzling emperor flames, holy flames, spiritual power and spiritual power all over his body rushed towards Xinyan!

"This ridiculous joke is over." Seeing this, Xinyan shook her head involuntarily, laughed lightly, and then slapped Xiao Yan with her palm!

At that time, a coercion from heaven and earth suddenly descended, suppressing Xiao Yan's breath.

The next moment, Xiao Yan's attack collided with Xinyan's attack, but Xiao Yan's attack was like an egg hitting a stone, and he couldn't help but feel weak.

Just when Xiao Yan was about to use some means of pressing the bottom of the box, a man surrounded by flames suddenly appeared in the holy flame space.

The flaming man smiled at Xiao Yan, then he took a firm footing with both feet, charged up, and blasted away at the rock-shattering burial stone group with a punch!

Ask for tickets!