Chapter Vol 4 1169: All destroyed!

"Yugan?" Hearing this amazing voice, several strong men in the tent all became vigilant.

Yugan's prestige and strength, as early as ten years ago, when he was promoted to the three-star fighting immortal, his prestige spread far and wide in the entire ghost king city. Although it is rumored that there is a hidden disease in his body that limits his strength, it is also a genuine three-star fighting immortal, and Their hammer mercenary group, the strongest is only a two-star fighting immortal, the gap between them can be described as a world of difference, it is no wonder that after hearing the name of Yugan, the top of the hammer mercenary group are all shocked.

"Head of the regiment, how can this be done?" But the voices from outside the tent were stunned, and several high-level officials of the Hammer Mercenary Group couldn't help but worry, and there was some fear in their words.

"Now with the end of the auction, the ghost king city is already in turmoil. This feather came here, I don't know why..."

"If you want to eat our entire Hammer mercenary group alone, you won't be able to support him." The head of the Hammer mercenary group said to himself, and then he opened the tent and went outside.

"Everyone of the Hammer Mercenary Group, I haven't seen you for a long time, and you are still so energetic." Yu Gan, dressed in a long robe, stood above the void in the tent and smiled at everyone.

"Hahaha."

"Who am I, it turns out to be the head of the Yu family." The head of the Hammer mercenary regiment laughed directly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The head of the Hammer Mercenary Group, named Yang Fan, is a genuine two-star Dou Xian early stage powerhouse, and the overall strength of the Hammer mercenary group is the possession of this two-star Dou Xian, which has established their status, even if it is At the beginning, Yang Fan angered the city lord Fengfeng, and he was not obliterated. This is the invisible damage of the two-star fighting immortal powerhouse.

"Yang Fan, I'm here this time just to borrow something from you. I don't know if it's feasible?" Yu Gan was still standing in the sky, as if he didn't have anything to do with the one-star Dou Xian perfection level powerhouses beside Yang Fan. Feared, he just spoke lightly.

"What?" There was a rare murderous intent hidden under Yang Fan's smiling face.

"Hammer mercenary group." Yu Gan smiled slowly, but that smile was as terrifying as a demon.

"not good!"

"Fei'er, hurry up!" The next moment, as Yugan's voice just fell, a strange force slowly emerged around him, directly wrapping Yang Fei and sending him away from here.

"What a terrifying power of fighting immortals..." Several strong men around Yang Fan couldn't help roaring.

"Let's go quickly, or it's too late!" Yang Fan was worthy of being the head of the regiment. At this time, he showed his commanding strength in the face of danger.

Yang Fan knew that since Yugan dared to do this, he must have used his resources. Moreover, with his three-star fighting immortal-level strength, I am afraid that in the ghost king city, it is difficult to find an opponent!

"The Hammer Mercenary Corps is just my stepping stone."

"Don't worry, after you die, the madmen and Lei Jiaqing's City Lord's Mansion will go down to accompany you."

"Hahaha." Yu Gan laughed loudly.

"Go!" The next moment, as Yugan's figure fell, an irresistible force suddenly radiated from his body, and in an instant, it turned into an energy barrier, covering the entire mountain range!

"This Yugan has such terrifying strength." And Xiao Yan, who was hiding in the dark, frowned at this moment, as if he was facing a great enemy.

Yugan's strength is true in the early stage of the Three-star Fighting Immortal. Even if he has the strength of a dark disease in his body, the pressure on Xiao Yan at this moment is not trivial. According to Xiao Yan's guess, I am afraid that he will desperately use the fusion of the three holy flames. It may not be able to kill Yugan smoothly.

The three-star fighting immortal powerhouse is so terrifying!

"Okay, look at this Yang Fan knows that he can't escape, of course he wants to use his self-destruction to win a little bit of life for the brothers in the regiment."

"But the two-star fighting immortals are like ants in front of the three-star fighting immortals. These are all useless efforts." The Soul Eater in Xiao Yan said.

"Yes." Xiao Yan agreed softly.

"Yang Fan just sent his son away secretly. Let's do business. Since they want to fight, let them fight." Soul Eater said with a smile.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan heard the words, nodded lightly, and then tried his best to suppress his breath, and walked towards a sparsely populated trail in the mountains. This trail was the passage that Yang Fan had just sent off his son!

"Old bastard, I have long known that your ambition is not small, but if you want to annex my hammer mercenary group, you will not pay any price..." Yang Fan saw that everyone was enveloped by Yugan's energy, and immediately said.

"All of you, did you die or did I do it yourself?" Yu Gan looked at the hammer mercenary group below and said with a high-spirited attitude.

"Captain, fight with him!"

"right……"

"In our hammer mercenary group, there has never been a person who is greedy for life and fear of death..." From the crowd, intermittent voices sounded.

"Since that's the case...then you all die in my place!" As soon as he finished speaking, a trace of resentment appeared on Yang Fan's face, and then he squeezed the palm of his hand and directly crushed some weak mercenaries!

This Yang Fan actually wanted to use the power generated by squeezing the human body to escape!

"Head of the head...you..." The people of the Hammer Mercenary Group saw that the head of the mercenary group actually wiped them out, so that they could use their strength to resist Yugan, and they would die without resting their eyes!

"This is your leader."

"On weekdays, he looks kind and amiable, but he is actually an ant that eats people and doesn't spit out bones."

"Die!" Yu Gan seemed to enjoy this kind of counterattack before he died, and deliberately delayed it for a while so that he could appreciate it Boom boom boom! "The silver thunder is slowly intertwined in the entire energy enchantment, and in the silver thunder, there is a violent aura of a peerless beast, which makes people shudder.

"How can it be……"

"Do... Dou Soul?" But Yang Fan, who was planning to use the mercenaries of the entire Hammer mercenary group to blow himself up to create a chance to escape, shrank his pupils tightly, looking at the sky. The silver light, a touch of fear, emerged.

"Gulu!" A thunder swept across the sky lightly, and then the hammer mercenary group remained below, surrounded by the power of small thunder.

And just being surrounded by this thunder, these mercenaries lost their vitality, and even their pupils became empty, as if their souls had just been obliterated!

"A bunch of trash..."

"Let's be more thorough." After Yu Gan finished speaking, the violent thunder power all over his body suddenly whipped away at the countless mercenaries who had lost their vitality.

"Zizi!" Violent Thunder whipped those bodies repeatedly until a trace of burnt smell appeared on the bodies, and then stopped.

At this moment, except for Yang Fei, the rest of the hammer mercenary group fell into the hands of Yu Gan. The three-star fighting immortal powerhouse, with one person to obliterate an entire mercenary group, this is a complete crushing.

"Hammer mercenary group, it's over." Looking at the land full of corpses, Yu Gan smiled with satisfaction, and then after finishing all this, the energy barrier slowly dissipated, hiding his breath. Return to the ghost city.