Chapter 583: No. 35 on the Holy Flame List: Fire Heart Tianyan!

"Humph!"

"I haven't seen you for so many years, and you are still the same." Mu Yingying's whole body suddenly increased in azure-blue holy flame, and then Mu Yingying's aura changed, her voice suddenly increased a bit, and even her pupils changed. For weird blue.

Xiao Yan, who was beside Mu Yingying, felt the most clearly!

This Mu Yingying's appearance just now and her blue pupils are clearly two completely different people!

If the Mu Yingying just now was a weak woman with a soft body, then Mu Yingying with blue pupils is a domineering queen!

"What the **** is going on with Mu Yingying?"

"The breath just now and the current breath..." Xiao Yan murmured, his eyes filled with horror.

"Although I don't know the specific reason, I think it has something to do with the holy flame on her body."

"The flame on her body is indeed a holy flame, but I always feel that the power of this holy flame is very weak, and it seems that she has deliberately sealed it." Xiao Yi on the side said thoughtfully.

"What he said is not false, but I can't see through Mu Yingying's identity." Long Yi said immediately.

"Forget it, with this power, I'm afraid this holy flame crystal is easy to conquer, so I have to devour the holy flame first." Xiao Yan had an idea in his heart, and the power of the strange fire in his body suddenly condensed, once Mu Yingying appeared in any state , Xiao Yan will immediately take action without hesitation!

"who are you?"

"Blue holy flame?" Beside the fiery red holy flame crystal, a figure wrapped in khaki-yellow rock slowly stepped out and said vigilantly to Mu Yingying.

On the khaki rock figure, the holy flame crystal was engraved on its forehead!

Out of intuition or Sheng Yan's instinct, that Sheng Yanjing actually felt an extremely powerful coercion from Mu Yingying in front of her in an instant!

This is something that can only appear between holy flames!

"Don't you know who I am?" Mu Yingying snorted coldly, a terrifying aura swept out directly, causing the top of the desert mountain range to vibrate slightly.

"You and I are both holy flames, why do you want to kill each other?" The figure next to the fiery red holy flame crystal said slowly, his voice extremely angry.

"Cannibalism?"

"If it wasn't for the master of this body to control, I'm afraid you would have already surrendered to me now." Mu Yingying said with a proud face and disdain.

"You!" The figure next to Sheng Yanjing was furious, but the anger returned to anger, but she had no doubts about Mu Yingying's words, because the competition between Sheng Yanjing was too fierce. Lord Shengyan, I am afraid there will be a fierce battle!

"Huoxin Tianyan, how about giving this human a chance for my sake?"

"It's also a wish to fulfill the owner of this body." Mu Yingying said.

"Hey, I didn't think you would even beg for this kid, but this kid is too weak. If I follow him, I'm afraid I'll just bury my talent." The figure called Huoxin Tianyan finally stopped insisting and softened. Come down and speak slowly.

"Yes or no, you will know after you try it." Mu Yingying did not hesitate, and directly exploded with the power of the blue holy flame, attempting to attack the Fire Heart Tianyan!

"etc!"

"I promise you."

"This is between me and him." Huo Xin Tianyan said suddenly when Mu Yingying was just about to attack.

"That's good." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, the blue holy flames all over her body instantly faded away, and her blue pupils also returned to calm, replaced by the original aura.

"Xiao Yan, it's up to you." Mu Yingying said weakly.

"Thank you." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he immediately had countless questions in his heart, all of which were forcibly suppressed, because it was the most important thing to get the approval of this Saint Flame Crystal!

"Humph, kid!"

"Don't think it's great to have a woman backing you up."

"If it wasn't for this woman's threat, I wouldn't even give you a chance."

"Our holy flame is a strange thing in this world. I don't want to live in a human who is too weak."

"Listen, I'm the thirty-fifth on the Holy Flame List, Fire Heart Tianyan!" The rock figure formed by the holy flame crystal said proudly, with a lot of contempt in his voice.

"Huoxin Tianyan?" When Xiao Yan heard this, his pupils jumped violently!

The reason for this beating is not only because this Huoxin Tianyan is the thirty-fifth place on the holy flame list, but also because this holy flame is very much in line with the limit that Xiao Yan can absorb at present!

According to what his master Jin Longwang said, before the current six-star Dou Di, if he encounters a holy flame before the 32nd on the holy flame list, you don't have to think about it, just run away!

"Huoxin Tianyan, it is said that it is a special flame condensed by the dual attributes of fire and earth. The flame has both the thickness of the earth attribute and the ferocity of the fire attribute. It is one of the few dual-attribute saints on the holy flame list. inflammation!"

"Huoxin Tianyan, it is said that someone had seen it by chance."

"As soon as the Fire Heart Tianyan came out, the whole world was a doomsday scene of khaki before."

"The barren earth attribute is combined with the wild and incomparably destructive fire attribute. The combination of the two powers, I am afraid that even the powerhouses at the peak of Dou Di can't eat it!"

"As for other records, there are quite a few. After all, the holy flame is too precious, so the only information circulating in the world is this." Above the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, Long Yi spoke slowly, and there was a very excited emotion in his voice. !

Because once Xiao Yan breaks through Dou Xian, he can condense and refine the body for the Golden Dragon King. Once the Golden Dragon King is reborn, he can go to the Dragon Clan and unify the dragon clan in the chaos. You can also use this to get into the real identity of a dragon!

This is why Long Yi helped Xiao Yan so much.

"Is this the Fire Heart Tianyan?"

"It ranks thirty-fifth on the Holy Flame List. Although it ranks at the bottom, it is just right for me now!"

"I already have too many fire attributes. Although I have never known the connection between the holy flame and the different fire, some mysteries will surface after I want to conquer this holy flame."

"And the power of this earth attribute is exactly what I need!"

"The gravel burial, the means that Yan just used can be extremely terrifying!" Xiao Yan said with a slow smile.

"Boy, don't be so happy so early."

"Originally, you didn't have the slightest qualifications, but looking at the face of the holy flame just now, this king will let you have a try." Huoxin Tianyan said.

"Junior Xiao Yan, thank you senior!" Xiao Yan smiled slightly, obviously feeling quite frightened by Mu Yingying's appearance just now.

"Are you ready, boy?" asked Sheng Yanjing of Huoxin Tianyan.

"It's ready, you can start at any time." Xiao Yan said unhurriedly, and then stared at Huoxin Tianyan in front of him!

Even if you know that the Fire Heart Tianyan in front of you is not the real holy flame, you can only go to the last step if you get the approval of this holy flame crystal!

Devour the Holy Flame!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

And if you can't even subdue the holy flame crystal that is the root of the holy flame, then you don't need to devour the holy flame!

"For Xun'er, for Cailin..."

"For the sake of the secrets of the Xiao family and the secrets of Yihuo, this time, we must succeed!" Xiao Yan swore in his heart, and then a kingly demeanor slowly radiated from the depths of Xiao Yan's body. The source of this breath was, It is the Xiao clan pattern!

It's just gone in a flash!

Ask for tickets!