Chapter Vol 4 1944: The mystery of the immortality of the demon emperor, the immortality of Taiyi...

Liu Yun's business is up to you. "

"As for this little guy, let me take care of it for you. When you see you next time, its growth rate will naturally exceed your imagination." After some conversation, the demon emperor said to Xiao Yan, and the rest of the matters are also It was arranged in a tight and orderly manner.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded solemnly, apparently this is the only way now.

"By the way, senior, this is a demon book. I think you need it more than me." Just after he finished speaking, the demon book in Xiao Yan's body overflowed directly from his body and floated towards the demon emperor. Since he had already left the demon world, take it Since it doesn't have much use, it's better to give it to the demon emperor according to the previous agreement.

"Thank you, it can greatly shorten the time for me to find the bully weapon." The demon emperor did not hesitate and accepted it directly.

"Since the trip to the demon world is over, then I'll take you to where you should go."

"The clues left by your seniors of the Xiao family and your immortality are all there. After you get those things back, you can go back directly."

"Douyun Continent is a very good place. I hope to hear the news that you have stepped into the reincarnation in a long time. At that time, you will be able to intervene in the affairs of the Xiao family."

"Let's go." The Demon Emperor said in a series, without giving Xiao Yan any chance to refute.

"Hey!" Just after he said that, an extremely terrifying reincarnation demon energy was released from the Demon Emperor's body, protecting Xiao Yan's own body, and then he was sent directly to the deeper part of the Yaoyuan Cave, which is the so-called There is something that the strong Xiao clan left behind for Xiao Yan.

"I don't know what treasures the patriarch of the Xiao clan kept with you, master." Hei Sha Longlang looked at this scene, and immediately said curiously.

"I don't know, anyway, with my power, I can't spy on the slightest... But I remember he said, it seems that some kind of flame is coming." The demon emperor wondered.

"Is the secret of immortality and immortality..." After a while, the Black Dragon Wolf continued.

"Let's go, even if he has immortal fire and immortal flame, he may not be able to understand it." The demon emperor shook his head and said, obviously the mystery of immortality in his body has a great relationship with the so-called immortality and immortality.

"By the way, Lord, Xiao Yan has helped us so much, and the gains from this trip to the demon world seem to be very small. If it spreads out like this, it would be gossiped by guys from the other six realms..." Heishan Longlang wondered, the meaning behind it was Obvious.

"Although he has gained a little from this trip to the demon world, it is enough. Otherwise, I can naturally help him to be promoted to the eight-star fighting immortal, but that will help him grow, because he is the last hope among the descendants of the Xiao family. You still need to explore your own way.”

"Let's go, time is running out, recovery of power is imminent, and the evil race outside the territory has lost such a top power, I am afraid they will also act..." After the two finished speaking, they left here with the flame beast.

At this point, Xiao Yan's journey to the demon world has truly come to an end.

"This resolute guy..." Xiao Yan didn't know where he was now. The only thing he could know was that he was going to the deeper part of the Yaoyuan Cave, where there are countless mysteries, and even if there is a demon emperor With the help of strength, Xiao Yan was also heartbroken.

In the dim space, the surroundings are like the land of aurora, sparkling with sparkling waves, reflecting countless mysteries, but Xiao Yan can clearly feel the terror of the surrounding forces, and as it goes deeper, a terrifying force penetrates into the soul. , is also diffused out.

After about tens of minutes, Xiao Yan's pace stopped and he stood quietly in the same place, looking at the rather strange scene in front of him.

It was an iceberg. The iceberg was surrounded by a formation surrounded by countless ice swords. Inside, there seemed to be strange fluctuations that were enough to attract Burning Jue and holy flames in his body.

"This is?" At this moment, Xiao Yan stopped. Judging from his soul power, this place should be close to the depths of the Yaoyuan Cave, and looking at the huge sword formation composed of countless ice swords not far away in front of him , a surging depression filled Xiao Yan's heart.

"Fire!" After Shun breathed, he realized that the reincarnation demonic energy in his body was actually invaded by the power of ice emanating from the ice sword. Xiao Yan did not dare to hesitate. Armed, and immediately launched an attack directly against the ice sword sword formation.

"Hey!" The ice sword formation was affected by Xiao Yan's attack. Immediately, countless ice swords smashed through the void and roared towards Xiao Yan. As for what was under the ice sword formation, it was completely covered by its white mist. I can't see clearly, but that kind of thing is extremely precious without thinking about it. The current thing is naturally to crack this strange sword formation.

"The power of holy flame!" After a while, a majestic five-color flame swept out of Xiao Yan's body, temporarily suppressing the pressure of the ice sword formation.

Following Xiao Yan's fierce attack, in the white mist, countless icy swords broke and whistled violently, and then the sword body shook violently. Han Bing Jian Po actually calmed down slowly, they quietly began to line up, separated, and vaguely formed an extremely obscure and complicated triangular sword formation.

In the center of the sword formation, a beautiful and mysterious yin and yang gossip pattern slowly stands in it, making the atmosphere here extremely mysterious!

"Weng Om!" With the formation of the triangular sword formation, the yin and yang gossip in the sword formation glowed with a substantive scene, attracting Xiao Yan's attention This is...the demon emperor? "Looking at the familiar man in the picture, Xiao Yan couldn't help exclaiming.

In the picture, there is a whole green forest with a very mysterious freshwater lake in the center of the forest. At this time, the figure of the demon emperor slowly stands in this freshwater lake, as if thinking about something.

The demon emperor at this time was completely different from the current demon emperor, but the domineering aura on his body made Xiao Yan recognize it at a glance.

Today's Demon Emperor, his eyes are as quiet as water waves, staring closely at this freshwater lake, his body is full of domineering, a terrifying aura that is contemptuous of the world.

Looking along the line of sight of the Demon Emperor, two mysterious fishes were swimming happily in the originally pure white and flawless freshwater lake.

Those are two black and white fish, the power of black and white interacts perfectly, as mysterious as the power of yin and yang, rendering the aura of the demon emperor to the limit.

"That's... Taiyi Immortal Judgment?" After a while, the demon emperor summoned him, and suddenly inhaled the yin and yang fish into his body, and five black and white words with flying dragons and phoenixes appeared beside the demon emperor.

"Weng buzzing!" At this time, the immortal fire in Xiao Yan's body and the immortal fire left his body uncontrollably, and immediately hit the picture.

"Bang bang bang!" With a loud noise, it slowly shook, and then the picture of the Frost Sword Formation disappeared quietly, revealing a passage above the iceberg.

This passage is also emerald green, but it contains countless auras, even a terrifying aura that surpasses Xiao Yan's five-color holy flame.

That kind of breath is definitely not the top ten supreme holy flames in the holy flame list... Even the so-called immortal and immortal fluctuations are also emitted from the emerald green channel.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: