Chapter Vol 4 1067: arrested

"asshole!"

"Are you crazy?" And after Cailin and azure Mu Yingying fought, Cailin also hurriedly shouted.

It's not that Cailin is afraid of the blue Mu Yingying, but Cailin doesn't know much about Mu Yingying, only that she is a disciple of the same sect as Xiao Yan, so Cailin doesn't care about the public and private. It's a big fight, but it's just been passively defending.

But what Cailin didn't expect was that although this azure-blue Mu Yingying was not as strong as her own, but with the horror of the holy flame's power, she could actually draw a tie with her.

"I'm not crazy!"

"If you have a chance, go back and ask your husband-in-law Xiao Yan why I am!"

"But I think, you shouldn't have that chance!"

"Accept the move!" The blue-blue Mu Yingying was filled with the power of holy flames that destroyed fluctuations.

"It seems that this guy has lost his mind. We should take her down first, otherwise it will be difficult to attract the powerhouse of the Xuanling royal family." Cailin's beautiful eyes moved slightly, and then she said something.

As soon as the voice fell, a mysterious power containing ten colors suddenly appeared on the delicate body.

And with the appearance of these ten-color powers, the azure-blue Mu Yingying's expression became strange.

"It's actually the power of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python..." Azure Mu Yingying murmured, obviously she knew the tyranny of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, it was a real giant!

"The power of ten colors!"

"One color seals the sky!"

"Suppress me!" And the power of ten colors emerged from Cailin's delicate body, and without stopping at all, it projected towards the azure Mu Yingying.

However, Cailin did a good job. This power is not destructive in any way. Some of it is just a hint of repressive power. Even if it hits azure Mu Yingying completely, it will not cause serious damage to her.

"Want to suppress me?" Azure Mu Yingying watched the irresistible power of ten colors attacking her, a playful arc appeared at the corner of her mouth, and then she showed a sinister smile.

"The power of holy flame!"

"Holy Flame Explosion!" When Cailin's ten-color power was about to attack azure-blue Mu Yingying, azure-blue Mu Yingying let out a coquettish cry, and then the dazzling azure-blue flame suddenly exploded in front of her, transforming into For a circle of incomparably hot flames, the power of ten colors was instantly engulfed!

"This guy..." When Cai Lin saw this scene, she couldn't help but wrinkle her eyes slightly.

If it wasn't for the fact that this guy might have something to do with Xiao Yan, Cailin would have killed her dozens of times with the temperament of Queen Medusa in the past.

"Queen Medusa..."

"For the damage Xiao Yan has done to me, let's take back a little bit of interest from you first!" The azure Mu Yingying glared at Cai Lin with beautiful eyes, but a mad killing intent suddenly emerged.

"No...I can't..."

"She is Xiao Yan's wife, I can't..." But when Azure Mu Yingying was about to kill her, the blue body above her body suddenly disappeared, and a weak voice said.

"You forgot what he did to you!"

"Are you worth it!" The next moment, the body was painted blue, and he questioned in a stern tone.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"As long as he's good... I have no regrets." Surprised by the stern tone, the azure color on Mu Yingying's body slowly faded, and she only listened to her weak voice.

"Alas..." Hearing the power of the holy flame that he guarded say so, the power of the holy flame slowly faded away, but left a rather resentful voice.

"Pfft." But after doing all this, Mu Yingying became weak, and then jumped directly from the air towards the desert below.

"Squeak." Seeing this, Cailin hurriedly caught it, and a gentle force kept entering its body.

"Sure enough... such a good woman is worthy of him." And Mu Yingying looked at Cailin who took care of herself so much, and after murmured her last words, she closed her eyes completely.

Obviously, using the Holy Flame Spirit twice before and after was too much load for her.

"This girl, I don't know what that guy Xiao Yan has done!"

"This time, when I find out about the Medusa family, I must question him carefully!" Cai Lin seemed to have heard some unspoken meaning from Mu Yingying's words just now, and said immediately.

"Now, let's go back to the territory first." Cai Lin held Mu Yingying in her arms, ready to get up and go to the territory of the Medusa family.

But at this moment, the space above the desert where Cailin was located suddenly burst into darkness!

In the darkness, an extremely evil force slowly crawled out.

"Formation?"

"The evil power of the alien race?" As soon as the darkness appeared, Cailin knew that something was wrong, but it was obviously too late to escape at this time.

"Hey, Queen Medusa."

"This time, I'm afraid you won't be able to escape." And after the darkness enveloped, a rather familiar voice echoed in this dark space.

"King Xuanling..." Cailinbei bit her lips and said slightly.

"Queen Medusa, you better be obedient and capture it!"

"In this case, I can still suffer less from flesh and blood." King Xuanling, dressed in a royal roe deer, stood at the top of the dark space at a height below zero, and said to Cailin below, beside him, there were two black cloaks. cover up figure.

It's just that one of the figures, after seeing the beautiful figure in Cailin's arms, his body shook for a while, but King Xuanling didn't find it.

"Damn..."

"It's too far from the Medusa family's territory, I'm afraid they won't be able to come."

"It's troublesome now." At this moment, Cailin's pretty face finally showed a hint of ugliness. If she was alone, it would not be difficult to escape this dark formation, but now she is not alone, and It's two ~ In addition to the two people beside the Xuanling King, there is even one person's breath, which makes Cailin surprised!

"Dark bat, come out!" The two of them, who had no reaction when King Xuanling saw this, did not hesitate and said directly into the darkness.

"嘁偁嘁!" As soon as the voice of King Xuanling fell, in the dark space, countless bats flashing with strange and evil auras emerged directly, and then frantically swept away at the color scales.

"The power of ten colors!"

"Space transfer!" Cai Lin also knew that it was absolutely impossible to fight recklessly, so she directly used the power of space to prepare to escape from here.

"Condensation." When the power of ten colors emerged from Cailin's body, a cloaked figure beside Xuanling King took a step forward, and then a majestic voice suddenly echoed in this space.

"Two Star Fighting Immortal..." Seeing that the space transfer that he had finally condensed was directly shattered by the mysterious figure, Cai Lin also said in a voiceless voice.

Only the next moment, Cailin and Mu Yingying's bodies were both wrapped in dark bats.

With the wrapping, the strength of the two also dropped rapidly. Obviously, the role of the dark bat is to imprison the strength.

"Hahaha!"

"Ten-colored swallowing python!"

"Two holy flames!"

"Let's go!" Looking at the two daughters who were easily subdued, a burst of ecstasy appeared on King Xuanling's face, and then disappeared immediately.

.. m.