Chapter Vol 4 1878: Xiao Yan's thunder method!

"Oh?" The second elder of Yaoxuanzong followed the voice, but was surprised to see a thin man in a black shirt.

"Die Qi? Are you back?"

"This is?" Looking at Die Qi who was quietly following Xiao Yan in the distance, Elder Die Lan ran over with a single stride.

"Cough cough..." Xiao Yan's voice just fell, only to see Die Lan running to Die Qi's side, a big hug with Xiang Xiang, especially the two beautiful shadows, which made Xiao Yan involuntarily cough a few times .

Could it be that the female monsters in the monster world are so enthusiastic? ? ?

That deflectable skin and soft peaks, plus...

Incredible Incredible Incredible!

"Sister Die Lan, don't make trouble, someone is here." Die Qi hurriedly turned her cheeks pink, pushed Die Lan away and said shyly, Die Qi was also quite helpless about Die Lan's enthusiastic way.

"By the way, this is Xiao Yan. We had to rely on his protection along the way, and we arrived smoothly." After a while, Die Qi hurriedly introduced.

"What are you?"

"You're also worthy of fighting with me?" Seeing the two beauties beside Xiao Yan, the two young talents beside the white-robed old man couldn't help but roar with red eyes.

"Yao Xuanzong's dog really only does some annoying things." Xiao Yan walked towards the training ground step by step, his tone was extremely indifferent, even arrogant!

Since these two guys are ignorant, they are even more arrogant than them!

"Boy, don't be arrogant!" The old man in white also snorted coldly, trying to suppress Xiao Yan's arrogance.

"Your Butterfly Valley really has no successor, and you actually sent such a weak one out to die."

"Hahaha." The two young talents sensed Xiao Yan's strength, and the five-star fighting immortal, combined with the bright smile on Xiao Yan's face, spread a trace of contempt.

"Boy, are you sure?" Die Lan asked Xiao Yan without writing too much.

"You can give it a try." Xiao Yan thought it was a little funny. Could it be that these demon Xuanzong guys are a bunch of idiots, two young talents with six-star Dou Xian perfection, and a second elder whose strength is close to the middle stage of Seven-star Dou Xian. The lineup, even in the Dou Di Continent, is close to the top strength. In the demon world, it is actually just an ordinary force fighting for territory.

This kind of gap made Xiao Yan helpless, but Xiao Yan had no idea that this Myriad Demon Nation was one of the few fertile territories under the rule of the Black Devil Dragon and Wolf, and it competed with the Li Soul Realm.

"Boy, kneel down and call me grandpa, I can spare you, otherwise don't blame me..." After a while, one of the two men stepped forward and snorted coldly.

"Too much nonsense, you, you, the two of you go together, otherwise don't blame me for not giving you a chance." Listening to the man's sarcastic words, Xiao Yan also responded in a more arrogant and sarcastic tone.

"Little beast, you don't want to give your face!"

"Let's do it together and kill him!" Seeing Xiao Yan's humiliation, the two men did not hesitate, the dazzling green demonic energy within their bodies spread out, and the power of Six Star Dou Xian's perfection was undoubtedly on display.

"Earth-type monsters and thunder-type monsters?" Xiao Yan shook his head powerlessly when he saw the violent aura on both of them.

"Boom!" The two of them trembled, and a rock giant with a ferocious expression appeared behind one, while the other person appeared a black terrifying thunder, with a turbulent momentum, directly killing.

"Is it okay?" Looking at the sudden action in the field, many Butterfly Valley powerhouses couldn't help but say, especially the powerhouses who had just been defeated by the two, their faces were even more ugly. Consummation, and the grasp of the timing of the battle can be said to be beyond ordinary people.

"You said this guy was your friend?"

"Then what percentage of the odds will he have? After all, his strength seems to be only five-star fighting immortals... Strange, how can five-star fighting immortals be so tyrannical?" Die Lan looked at Xiao Yan who was motionless in the field, and said in surprise.

"I believe him." Die Qi smiled slightly, and her beautiful eyes were also staring at the battle in the field.

"too slow!"

"Pfft!" A roar as heavy as a mountain emerged from Xiao Yan's body. Immediately, Xiao Yan's palms stretched out at the same time, without any increase in strength, breaking through the defenses of the two in one fell swoop, and then grabbing the arms of the two, suddenly exerting force, A rather funny scene appeared.

"Ahhhh!" A scream came out, and the two figures were also thrown out from Xiao Yan's side like a bunch of discarded waste products.

"..."

"Guru." At this moment, the entire training ground was silent, and even some monsters couldn't believe the scene in front of them, and wiped their eyes with effort, but the two powerful demons from the Xuanzong were indeed thrown out by Xiao Yan, covering their entire bodies. Scarred, breathless.

"This guy, is it too perverted?" At this moment, whether it was Die Lan or another strong man, the shock in his heart lingered for a long time.

"Boy, you are courting death!" Seeing Xiao Yan defeating the two of them in such a disgraceful manner, the furious emotions on the face of the white-clothed old man were undoubtedly vented. Shooting away with Xiao Yan!

The fierce aura contained in it must be a Seven Star Fighting Immortal!

"not good!"

"Xuan Yao, this bastard!" Watching the second elder Xuan Yao's body move, attacking Xiao Yan with a chilling aura, colorful butterflies appeared all over Die Lan's body, and the speed skyrocketed, also facing Xiao Yan. Go, but still can't catch up.

"Huhu, it's just the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals."

"Let me try!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't panic at all. Instead, his pupils slowly became darker, and the dragon **** transformation came out. out!

"Boom!" For a time, the two fists banged, and the entire training ground shook uncontrollably, as if the energy ripples caused by the power of the two were too terrifying.

"Brother Xiao Yan!"

"Not good!" At this time, many people around him couldn't help but say in fear.

"Xiao Yan!" Seeing Xiao Yan not dodging or dodging, directly confronting Xuan Yao, Die Lan gritted her teeth, for fear that Xiao Yan would have any accident.

"Puff puff!"

"Are you actually a Seven Star Fighting Immortal?" As soon as he was knocked back and scattered, the figure of the mysterious demon suddenly retreated dozens of steps, and a trace of blood spilled from the corner of his mouth. It was obvious that he had fallen into the disadvantage of the confrontation just now.

"There will be a period in the future!" Zai Du glanced at Die Lan's terrifying momentum attacking Xuan Yao snorted coldly, wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, and took the two dying guys behind him, trying to leave here.

"Want to run?"

"Stay for me!" Die Lan didn't know what was going on, but just watched the mysterious demon about to run away, and immediately the aura increased, and suddenly surrounded it.

"Since you're here, let's stay."

"Red Flame Sea of ​​Fire!" Xiao Yan sneered when he saw the mysterious demon's method. Countless fiery red flames emerged from his body, rendering the entire training ground a real sea of ​​fire. Surrounded by giant dragons, there is no power to fight back at all.

"You little girl, this time you brought back an amazing guy." At this moment, looking at Xiao Yan's gentle smile, the Butterfly Valley powerhouses present involuntarily raised a sense of respect in their hearts!

In the demon world, regardless of one's background, the strong are respected, and this Xiao Yan actually relied on his own strength to defeat the two six-star Dou Xian consummation and the second elder of the Yao Xuan Sect in the middle stage of the 7-star Dou Xian without fighting back. The indescribable comfort surrounds everyone's heart.