Chapter Vol 4 1547: respectively!

"It seems that I don't need to intervene in the affairs of these two guys." Xiao Yan stood quietly and watched the two of them, obviously not intervening too much. Otherwise, with Xiao Yan's strength, it would definitely prevent Luo Menglan from failing to break through. It's just that all of this is for the sake of Xiao Gui's happiness, otherwise once Xiao Yan makes a move, I'm afraid there will be nothing to Xiao Gui.

"You you you!" Seeing Xiao Gui's actions, Luo Menglan was obviously mixed, and couldn't help saying.

She thought that Luo Menglan was like a little princess in the spiritual courtyard, but she had never seen a man like Xiao Gui who didn't covet treasures, and was even so kind to him, so he couldn't help feeling a little moved and grateful.

"Quickly absorb it. You have hurriedly swallowed five Xuanbing lotus seeds, which has already damaged the source. The energy in the Douxian Pill is rich, which can not only help you recover your vitality, but also help you break through the four-star Douxian initial stage." Xiao Gui He smiled rather kindly, even if he lost the Dou Xiandan, it was a normal smile.

"Crash!" In an instant, the Dou Xiandan hidden in Luo Menglan's mouth slowly overflowed with pure energy, and immediately gathered towards Luo Menglan's body with all the limbs and bones. With such a majestic energy, Luo Menglan suddenly became weak. The breath and even the origin are slowly being repaired.

"Mother, maybe I understand now why you are willing to accompany your father to fall." Suddenly, the corners of Luo Menglan's eyes were also full of water, and a trace of tears quietly emerged.

"Weng Om!" After a short while, Xiao Gui let Luo Menglan down, and Luo Menglan also began to absorb the Immortal Fighting Pill. This time, everything was a matter of course, and it was only a matter of time before he was brave enough to break through the four-star Fighting Immortal. .

"Big brother, my Dou Xiandan..." Xiao Gui couldn't help coming to Xiao Yan's side after doing all this, touching his head and laughing, his voice was slightly embarrassed.

"That was originally yours, and your move has a good effect, hehe." Xiao Yan's tyrannical soul force naturally noticed some subtle changes in Luo Menglan, and immediately laughed.

"Big brother, the guy who forced the marriage is also in the underground courtyard. If I go to the underground courtyard in the future, I may not keep my hand. I will use all my strength to obliterate him." After a while, Xiao Gui attached to Xiao Yan. He whispered, obviously Luo Menglan's words just now were deeply ingrained in Xiao Gui's heart.

"The power in your body, don't use it all before you figure it out."

"And don't worry, as for me, my big brother, I can't let you cry in vain. Besides, it's just a four-star Dou Xian consummation. Although half of your foot touches the field, you don't need to use all your strength." Seeing this, Xiao Yan slowly patted Xiao Gui with his hands and said with a smile.

Xiao Yan could vaguely sense that Xiao Gui had obtained a lot of good things from the Demon Suppression Prison, and he seemed to have the power left behind by his parents in his body, which probably existed to protect him. The power, at least the existence of the five-star fighting immortal level, if all attracted, the Xiao clan pattern will be completely exposed, and the safety of Xiao Gui will be in an extremely dangerous situation.

Furthermore, a four-star Fighting Immortal is complete. At this time, Xiao Yan can handle it with all his strength. Although it is quite laborious, and Xiao Yan also wants to try it, after he casts the flame swallowing technique, can he survive it? If it is possible to integrate the Buddha's Fury Lotus, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's combat power will break through the sky.

"Boom!" At the moment when the two were talking, the void where the three were in suddenly exploded, and immediately the three figures appeared in the kilometer of ice.

"The ice attribute on this guy is worthy of being the Great Heaven Seed of the Ice Element." Xiao Yan looked at Luo Menglan's body in front of him, and couldn't help but be surprised. Obviously, the power of the Great Heaven Seed of this level has already matched his own. Fei Yan was on a par, but Xiao Yan was extremely curious about Xiao Gui's attributes.

Xiao Yan is a combination of human blood and ghosts, so he not only has ghost qi, but also has the attributes of human fighting qi. However, Xiao Yan has never seen it from beginning to end, and even Xiao Gui does not know his other fighting qi. what property.

"Hey!" At that time, a wave of white mist ripples suddenly spread out from Luo Menglan in the ice layer to the surrounding, and suddenly this thousand-meter ice layer, one after another cracks, burst out from the bottom with a bang!

"Weng buzzing!" In an instant, at the top of Lingshan Mountain, bursts of extremely strange thunderclouds also burst forth!

Four Star Fighting Immortal Tribulation!

As long as you successfully survive the Four-Star Fighting Immortal Tribulation, you can truly step into the Four-Star Fighting Immortal!

"What a terrifying battle of immortals." After a few breaths, Xiao Yan's eyes also penetrated the endless white mist of Lingshan, and he looked at the strange thunderclouds exuding destruction waves in the sky!

The color of the thunderclouds was white, which was exactly the same as Luo Menglan's icy fighting qi, but those white thunderclouds kept rolling. Every time they rolled, thunderstorms with a size of hundreds of meters suddenly exploded, obviously preparing for an extremely tyrannical offensive. Attempt to obliterate Luo Menglan with one blow.

"Boom!" In the blink of an eye, the body of a soul beast on the top of the Lingshan Mountain erupted with an extremely violent aura. Immediately, the Immortal Fighting Tribulation in the sky was slowly shaken by such aura. scattered.

"This... such a tyrannical battle of immortals, won't it just go away?" Although he knew that the Lingshan space was special, Xiao Yan was surprised when he watched the white thunderclouds slowly disappearing above the sky.

“Shabu Shabu!”

"Kacha Kacha!" With the complete disappearance of the thundercloud, there were bursts of shattering sounds under the frozen lake and the thousand-meter ice layer Then a figure was smashed by countless ice. Surrounded by force, slowly walked out of the ice.

"Successful." Luo Menglan's easy breakthrough was naturally due to Xiao Gui's Immortal Fighting Pill and the mysterious soul beast shell at the top of Lingshan. Just after the breakthrough was successful, he ran towards Xiao Gui, her eyes beating, very Happy.

"Big man!"

"Thank you, I succeeded!" A sweet voice slowly appeared in the ice layer, and then Xiao Gui and Luo Menglan's bodies hugged tightly.

"This is my eldest brother, the guy who just led away the ice demon swordsman, hehe." Xiao Gui first absorbed a tangy scent, then let go of it reluctantly, and then introduced it to Luo Menglan.

"Hello, my name is Luo Menglan." Luo Menglan was shocked when she saw this, but then she said to Xiao Yan politely, but at this time, he obviously did not have the leisure to pay attention to Xiao Yan, and focused on Xiao Gui. body.

"I'll go first, I won't delay you any more." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also left directly, leaving behind Xiao Gui and Luo Menglan.

The two also communicated in a low voice, and agreed on a day to heal the wound and cold, so they slowly left Lingshan, but this simple trip to Lingshan made Xiao Gui and Luo Menglan create a rather wonderful relationship. During this trip, Xiao Gui did not gain anything, and was even eroded by the cold air and lost a Dou Xian Dan, but he captured the heart of the little princess in this spiritual courtyard.