Chapter Vol 4 1359: Cannibalism!

"Damn it..." Looking at the blood crystal and Mu Xiao above the cave, a strong pharmacist association who was hiding in the cave below couldn't help roaring.

"The breath of the two of them was originally only about the late two-star fighting fairy, but now it has vaguely reached the level of a half-step three-star fighting fairy... It seems that after this foreign powerhouse controlled them, what tricks did they use to make them stronger? It has skyrocketed a bit, although this may leave some sequelae..."

"Senior sister, I'll try my best to stop them for a while, you can leave quickly with your classmates!" At this time, Hua Fei protected Yun Qi in front of him, looking like a man did something he didn't expect.

"no!"

"Two half-step three-star fighting immortal powerhouses, and they also have the power of extraterritorial evil clan blessings on them, if you continue like this, you will die!"

"Everyone here is from the same sect of our Alchemist Association. I am the only one with the strongest strength. Naturally, I have to do this kind of thing that cuts the way." On Yun Qi's pretty face, a rare decision emerged, and he refused directly. .

"Hehe, Senior Sister, don't argue with me, otherwise, none of us will be able to run away."

"Your current strength and soul strength are the hope of our Alchemist Association. If I am unfortunately killed, I also hope that senior sister will avenge me in the future." Hua Fei grinned, without any fear of death, because his In their hearts, Yun Qi is already the hope of their Alchemist Association, so even if they die in battle, they cannot let Yun Qi suffer any loss.

"That's right!"

"Senior sister, hurry up and leave!"

"We accompany Senior Brother Huafei to resist these guys, and we should be able to stop them for a while." The next moment, the remaining members of the Alchemist Association also stood side by side with Huafei, and then laughed, their voices filled with With a calm look, they know that Yun Qi's talent and strength will definitely be limitless in the future, so whether it is for Dongzhou or the Alchemist Association, they must protect Yun Qi.

"You guys." At this time, Yun Qi was surprisingly quiet, with a rare smile on the corner of her mouth. She has always been a legend in the Alchemist Association. Because of her high position, she rarely interacts with the disciples in the association, but Faced with such a life-and-death juncture now, these fellow students could put life and death aside for the sake of her who had never met, making her feel touched.

"Hey, Tuo Gu..."

"Don't worry, none of you can escape!"

"Such a beautiful person with such tyrannical soul power. When I capture you, you must enjoy yourself." The next moment, at the gap in the cave, a man bathed in green robes let out an evil sound. breath of power.

"Mu Xiao, blood crystal!"

"Kill them for me!"

"Remember, capture Yun Qi alive!" The green-robed man smiled slowly and said to the two walking corpses around him who were like killing machines.

"Yes!" Mu Xiao and Xue Jing heard the words, looked at each other, a strong smell of blood flickered in their pupils, and then the figures exploded towards the bottom.

"Sorry... I'm your senior sister, so I don't want your protection." The next moment, watching the two demonized powerhouses unleash terrifying attacks, Yun Qi tilted his head and smiled at Hua Fei and the others. , the voice was full of relief and pride, and a dazzling soul force immediately enveloped them, and then a jade hand patted, the soul force moved rapidly, and the next moment, it was hundreds of meters away from the cave. distance.

"no!"

"Senior sister!" Instantly shocked by Yun Qi's actions, everyone's pupils were filled with a **** taste of desperate efforts, and even a sourness slowly emerged from the tip of the nose, but let them struggle, in Yun Qi's tyrannical soul power Under the protection, it can't change any situation, and then it is rapidly moving away from here.

"asshole!"

"The soul power of the guys in the Alchemist Association is a great supplement. Master Huan Zun personally explained that you actually let them go!" Looking at the few people who were instantly away, a wave of anger spread from the man in green robe.

"Huan Zun... It seems that he is still a powerhouse with a high status among the evil tribes outside the realm." Yun Qi had just displayed extremely dazzling soul power. The breath began to become disordered, and a trace of evil force kept trying to erode her internal organs.

"Yun Qi, now that you are dying, I will give you two paths." Looking at Yun Qi, who was dying below, the green-robed man stood tall and opened his mouth slightly. He knew that to deal with such a proud man, unilateral defeat would be impossible. Not the most comfortable, but to completely destroy her beliefs.

"One, submit to our foreign evil clan. With your current talent and strength, you can obtain very good resources by submitting to us. In the future, your strength will be tyrannical and help our foreign evil clan to destroy the world." At this time, the green robe was like a A terrifying king who plays with human life and death at will.

"What else?" On Yun Qi's pretty face, there was a touch of determination, but he was not touched by the man's words, and stared at the green-robed man the next moment.

"The second is to completely fall here." The green-robed man knew that Yun Qi would not submit to them, but he still said.

"Hmph, the evil races in the area also want to infiltrate our Great Thousand World?"

"It's just a fool's dream!"

"I choose, the third one!" At the next moment, on Yun Qi's body, a dazzling giant shadow of nothingness slowly emerged.

"A fire-type little heavenly seed..."

"But this won't change the situation of your fall."

"The two of you, kill her!" Looking at Yun Qi's body, an orange flame slowly emerged, and the green-robed man laughed.

The orange flame is a kind of small fire-type heavenly seed, and the power of ordinary flames is average, but the fire attribute under the bright blessing of the heavenly seed is greatly enhanced.

"Blood Soul Hand!"

"Mu Tengzhi!" The next moment, Mu Xiao and Xue Jing looked at each other. The dazzling wood attribute energy and a huge blood energy directly brewed a tyrannical attack in their hands.

"Little Orange, I'm sorry."

"This time, you may be implicated." Looking at the fatal blow that contained their own energy on Mu Xiao and Xue Jing, Yun Qi said with his hands slightly covering his chest.

All things have spirituality, and the Heavenly Seed also has the same spirituality as the Holy Flame and has a name, but the Heavenly Seed is the product of the Holy Flame diluted a hundred times and a thousand times.

Being called by Yun Qi like this, immediately at Yun Qi's chest, the orange flame center the size of a seed slowly appeared.

"Weng Om!" The orange-yellow Heavenly Seed just appeared, and immediately sent out an extremely restless emotion towards the three people above. The flame power was also a good suppressor of the evil power of the alien race.

"Little Orange, let all your powers bloom!"

"This time, mourning for justice!" The next moment, Yun Qi didn't hesitate, he just held the small flame seed in both hands, and then he was bathed in orange flames, and even the trace of evil power on his body stopped spreading.

"go!"

"Go!" At this time, Mu Xiao and Blood Crystal were completely under control, and regardless of what Yun Qi was doing, a **** palm print and a huge beam of energy containing the attributes of dazzling wood suddenly faced Yun Qi. Projected away.

"The power of heaven!"

"The power of the soul!" In the face of such a tyrannical attack, Yun Qi did not sit still. The fighting qi that could be mobilized in his body was already the power of his soul, which was instantly mobilized, forming an orange flame barrier and an invisible soul barrier around his delicate body.

At this moment, in this cave, the ground is shaking, cracks are constantly emerging from the ground, and even the sky is filled with an extremely terrifying storm of destruction!

Right now, here is like the end!

...

​​

First set a small goal, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: