Chapter 439: The pavilion master of the Burning Incense Pavilion and the Sect Master of the Poison Sect!

"Where does this talk come from?" Zhu Lao heard the words, and immediately frowned. This Poison Sect Sect Master is a real Immortal Fighter, and his strength is far from his half-immortal.

After all, the gap between a real Dou Xian and a half immortal is not a little bit!

A half-immortal powerhouse can easily defeat a nine-star Doudi-level powerhouse in the clouds!

And the real Fighting Immortal powerhouse, I am afraid that just because of the five-star coercion, the nine-star Fighting Emperor powerhouse will retreat without a fight!

Because everyone knows that the power of life and death is born in the body of the strong Dou Xian, and its purpose is far beyond what Dou Di can resist.

"Humph!"

"I really don't know how someone like you can come out of the Fenxiang Pavilion." The Sect Master of the Poison Sect snorted coldly, the black and **** of life and death outside the body continued to violently tumble, causing the Dou Qi in Zhu Lao's body to suffer a lot. suppress.

"Fighting immortals are really fighting immortals..." Seeing this, Zhu Lao had no choice but to give up.

The next moment, Elder Zhu instantly took out the round fire unicorn pill, and threw it directly to the Sect Master of the Poison Sect.

Because Zhu Lao knew that although this Poison Sect Master is a real Fighting Immortal strongman, he has some relationship with the master of their Burning Incense Pavilion, so he will not take action against him.

"Do you think this is the end?" The Poison Sect Sect Master sneered after taking the Huoqi Dan thrown over by Zhu Lao.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Sect Master of Poison Sect, don't go too far!" Seeing that Sect Master of Poison Sect didn't have the slightest intention to stop, he immediately said solemnly!

No one knows the difference between Dou Xian and Ban Xian better than Zhu Lao!

Otherwise, Elder Zhu would not have been trapped in the half-immortal for many years.

"Master, I was surrounded by Master Lu and Dan Wangchen just now, and it was Senior Zhu who saved me."

"Since the things are in hand, let's go back as soon as possible." Bing Xin, who was on the side, said worriedly, but she was very aware of her master's strength.

"Yes." The Poison Sect Sect Master slowly responded to Bing Xin, and then instantly changed his face to face Zhu Lao.

"Excessive?"

"Who is more excessive, you should go back and ask your pavilion masters." After the poisonous sect master said, he did not give Zhu Lao any time to speak, and then shot directly!

The terrifying black-and-white power of life and death is under the control of the Sect Master Yushou of the Poison Sect, bringing the monstrous aura of death and surging towards Zhu Lao!

With such a terrifying blow, if it hit Elder Zhu, I'm afraid he will have to peel off his skin if he doesn't die!

"Bastard!" Boss Zhu scolded, and then activated the majestic fighting spirit in his body!

The next moment, a silver battle qi instantly possessed the body, and outside the body surface, a black and white force of life and death also appeared, but Elder Zhu's force of life and death was obviously extremely weak compared to the Sect Master of the Poison Sect.

"Fentian, today I will kill you sect strongman to take revenge!" There was anger in the voice of the poisonous sect sect master, and then suddenly his figure moved, and instantly appeared in front of Zhu Lao, with a majestic sign of life and death on the palm of his hand. The force, swung directly at Zhu Lao!

"Ugh……"

"Xiaohan, why are you suffering..."

"It was really me who was wrong..." Just as Mr. Zhu was shocked, he hurriedly prepared to use the formation to deal with this terrifying attack, and a white light appeared instantly.

With the appearance of the white light, the terrifying blow of the Dou Xian level, the Sect Master of the Poison Sect, will be easily resolved!

"Burning the sky!"

"How dare you show up!" Looking at the figure in white light, the Sect Master of Poison Sect didn't turn his head back, he just shouted loudly.

"Master's mood seems to fluctuate a lot..."

"This is not good..."

"Although the master can completely control the poisonous body of evil now, but once the master breaks out the poisonous body of evil..."

"The consequences are unimaginable!" Bing Xin sensed that the calm heart in her master's body seemed to be beating violently, and she immediately murmured.

"Xiaohan..." The white light gradually turned into a middle-aged man. The man had long black hair and was tied on top of his forehead by a bundle of hair. His angular silhouette looked extremely handsome.

"Don't call me Xiaohan!" The Poison Sect Sect Master shouted angrily, and then a wonderful change took place around his body!

The power of life and death that originally made up for the Sect Master of the Poison Sect slowly disappeared, and was replaced by an extremely terrifying poisonous gas!

The poisonous gas is colorful, if you count it carefully, there are as many as seven colors in the poisonous gas!

"Xiaohan, calm down!"

"If you stimulate your poisonous gas, the poison will kill all life in this radius!" Fen Tian said hurriedly.

"Haha, it's really rare that the famous Fenxiang Pavilion owner, Fen Tian, ​​would be so afraid."

"Life is charred?"

"But that's right, you Fen Tian is an upright person who slays demons and defends Dao, and I'm just a female devil with blood on my hands." Xiao Han laughed at himself.

Even through the veil, the two disciples, Lin Zhu and Bing Xin, could hear some clues from the master's mouth.

"It seems that the relationship between Master and Fen Tian, ​​the master of the Fenxiang Pavilion, is really unusual." Lin Zhu muttered to herself, because these things are taboos in the Poison Sect, and no one will mention them at all.

"Xiao Han, if I make a mistake, I'm sorry. When I finish the last thing, I'll come to your Poison Sect to guard the mountain. You can forgive me or not." Fen Tian said with a somewhat self-conscious expression.

"Don't you have the master of Wanhua Pavilion...why are you still pestering me." After Xiaohan heard Fen Tian's words, his heart that was beating violently at that moment calmed down.

"She and I were just a misunderstanding, wait for me to explain it to you slowly!" Fen Tian hurriedly said, for fear that Xiao Han would misunderstand.

"It's up to you, I still have something to go first." After listening to Fen Tian's words, the Sect Master of Poison Sect said calmly and calmly, but Bing Xin found that her master's emotions had calmed down on her own.

"Next time, I will definitely give you an explanation." Fen Tian said to the Sect Master of the Poison Sect.

"Hopefully." The Poison Sect Sect Master said lightly, and then the poison gas all over his body violently wriggled, and the next moment he disappeared without a trace!

"Xiaohan, I'm sorry for you..."

"But don't worry, I am sincere to you!" Fenxiang stared at the place where the three of Xiaohan disappeared, and did not move for a long time.

"Cough, cough..." Zhu Lao, who was beside him, coughed a few times when he saw this.

Following Old Zhu's coughing, it seemed as if something had happened to Fentian in front of him, and the classmates coughed a few times.

"Zhu Jin, I've worked hard for you these days when I'm not here." Fen Tian turned to look at Old Zhu, and then spoke slightly.

"Hehe Where is the pavilion master?" Elder Zhu smiled slowly, but the surprise in his eyes could not be hidden.

"The pavilion master made a breakthrough?" Zhu Lao asked tentatively.

"Well, I just got lucky a few days ago." Fen Tian murmured while staring at the distant sky.

"Congratulations to the pavilion master!" Zhu Lao heard the words and was immediately overjoyed!

This so-called breakthrough is not just a breakthrough to Dou Xian, after all, Fen Tian has already broken through to Dou Xian hundreds of years ago.

"The less people know about the news of my exit, the better."

"Because I still have some things to do." Fen Tian said slightly.

"Pavilion Master, the Xuanling Imperial Family once sent seven-star Doudi strong men to surround and suppress our new four-star Doudi disciples in the Xuanling Imperial Pond..." Zhu Lao said.

"That old monster from the Xuanling royal family..."

"In the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortals, there will be no climate." After Fen Tian finished speaking, an even bigger aura appeared instantly!

"I still have something to do, just leave it here." After Fen Tian finished speaking, he disappeared in place in an instant, leaving Old Zhu alone.

"Now, our Burning Incense Pavilion seems to be rising!" Elder Zhu said excitedly.

The next moment, Elder Zhu also said to himself: "Those little guys should also go to the desert of death to practice, I should also go to the Medusa clan to see, the Xuanling royal family dispatched the entire dragon-loving family. The people of the Legion went to the Medusa family, I don't know what the hell..."

After speaking, the figure disappeared and headed towards the Medusa family!

Ask for tickets!