Chapter Vol 4 1372: Remnant Soul of the Thunder Lord?

"Come with me." Before Xiao Yan's surprised expression calmed down, Du Qifei said immediately.

However, Xiao Yan was vaguely aware that Du Qifei at this time was probably not himself, but was replaced by a trace of spirituality in the token of reincarnation.

"Master..." Xiao Yan softly agreed, and immediately asked the Soul Eater Master. After all, in the face of a powerhouse like the Thunder Master, even if it was a remnant of the soul, it would not be a waste to obliterate himself, so immediately asked.

"Follow, it will take you to the heart of Thunder Pond."

"There has never been a human being in the core area of ​​Thunder Pond, because there is a tyrannical prohibition there. Following it, it can be blocked without restriction." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded and immediately followed Du Qifei. The two disappeared directly into the training thunder pool and headed for the depths.

"Are you coming..." Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering as he kept following Duo Qifei around in the void, the power of thunder around him became more and more tyrannical.

"Weng buzzing!" The next moment, the two came directly to the gray thunder light spot in the depths of the thunder pool. Obviously, this is the core area.

"Crash!"

"What a tyrannical confinement!" As soon as he approached the gray light spot, a coercion from the depths of his soul suddenly filled out, making Xiao Yan feel like he was facing a great enemy.

"Pfft." Duan Qifei's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, and then the silver thunder between his eyebrows scattered a very weak force to protect Xiao Yan.

"It's so strong." Feeling the appearance of this random trace of thunder force, all the coercion here disappeared instantly, Xiao Yan became more and more curious about the token of reincarnation in Duan Qifei's body.

"After so many years, I'm still back." In Duo Qifei's beautiful gray eyes, staring at the gray light spot in front of him, a sense of relief emerged.

"Let's go!" With a coquettish anger, Du Qifei and Xiao Yan suddenly disappeared into the gray spot of light.

"This is..." As soon as he entered the gray light spot, it was a void again, but the tyrannical level of this void, even if Xiao Yan tried his best now, could not break the slightest.

Xiao Yan's face was full of shock, and what was reflected in front of him was a gray lake that was nearly a thousand feet tall!

The gray lake was dead silent and lifeless, but the gray color contained the power of gray thunder that made Xiao Yan's scalp tingle.

This is a huge thunder pool composed of gray thunder!

"Stand still, wait for me to summon my remnant soul, otherwise this trace of spirituality won't last long." After a while, Duan Qifei's beautiful eyes stared into the depths of the thunder pond and muttered to herself.

"Weng Om!" After Duo Qifei finished speaking, he put his hands together, and some strange and ancient handprints continued to emerge, but when these handprints appeared, the gray thunder around him was slowly facing Duan Qi. Fei gathered in front of him.

"Crash!" After a while, a figure composed of energy bodies was also abruptly born from the gray thunder.

I saw that it was a woman, with long silver hair hanging down, close to the skirt, showing her graceful figure vividly, even on the delicate body, a faint gray thunder continued to linger, seemingly faint. , but it contains terrifying energy that is enough to destroy all things.

"Lei Lord, it's been a long time since I haven't seen you." The next moment, the Soul Eater in Xiao Yan's body also broke free from the shackles in an instant, and then turned into a human appearance and said to the figure in front of him.

"Master of Soul Eater?"

"You didn't fall?" The energy shadow just appeared, and immediately noticed the existence of the Soul Eater, but before he could speak, the Soul Eater was the first to ask.

"I was lucky enough to get back my life back then." The Lord of Soul Eater was also embarrassed. At the beginning, he was seriously injured and almost fell. He entered the coffin to cultivate, and was searched by Xiao Yan.

"Pfft." With a sound, Du Qifei suddenly returned to normal.

"what happened?"

"Where is this?" At the next moment, Duo Qifei looked around, but said with a puzzled face, but the black and gray energy in front of her gave her an extremely dangerous aura.

"Duan Qifei... It's really a good name." Lord Lei heard the words, and he also turned his attention to the beautiful figure in front of him. After all, this woman is her reincarnation.

"Senior, you..." Being stared at by Lei Master's woman like this, a tyrannical coercion descended on Duo Qifei, but the gray reincarnation token at the center of her eyebrows also exuded traces of obscure ancient lines.

"Sure enough..." After Lei Zhu confirmed the reincarnation token, there was also a smile on his cheek.

"Lei Lord, as tyrannical as you... is it also fallen?" Without disturbing the Thunder Lord, after the Thunder Lord checked the reincarnation token, the Soul Eater couldn't help but ask.

"That's right."

"The strength of the aliens is far beyond our imagination. In the first world war, too many powerhouses fell." A chill appeared in Lei Zhu's pretty face. Obviously, every time he thought of the aliens, he would always know An extremely cold killing intent erupted.

"Here is a remnant of my soul, and there is not much memory and time left."

"Next, let's do business." The old man of Lei Master, the Soul Eater, said slowly, because the top priority now is to stimulate the reincarnation power in Du Qifei's body. After all, Du Qifei The reincarnation token in Fei’s body was deprived of too much time, which made the reincarnation power in her body extremely unstable. If some other measures were not taken, I am afraid that this reincarnation would end in failure.

And once the reincarnator fails, not only the reincarnation of the strongest person will fall completely, but even the body of the reincarnator in this life will be vanished, so it is necessary to stimulate the power of reincarnation.

"Is your name Xiao Yan?" The next moment, Lei Zhu turned his head and asked Xiao Yan.

"Junior is Xiao Yan, I don't know about senior..." Xiao Yan was also at a loss, it would be better not to be involved at this time.

"I feel some fluctuations in the blood of the Xiao family from your body..."

"Hmph Although I know that it is unwise to involve our previous generation's grievances and grievances on the next generation...but my bills with him will be calculated in the future!" Lei Zhu Jiao said, Lei Ting beside him. The power is also becoming more and more terrifying. With such a terrifying power, even if Xiao Yan goes all out, he will probably be wiped out in an instant, but through these few words, Xiao Yan vaguely feels that some of their Xiao clan members Great power, why do you offend a strong man like Leizhu?

"Forget it, let's talk about those things when I wake up."

"But before that, I have a request I hope you will grant me." Lord Lei paused, then spoke.

"What request?" Xiao Yan questioned.

"Protect Du Qifei until the reincarnation power in her body is completely awakened!"

"In return, you are qualified to practice the Master's 'Lei Di Canon'!" A voice like a rainbow resounded throughout the Thunder Pond!

Mobile version update fastest URL: