Chapter 591: Evolution Burns!

"Feng Jue..." Xiao Yan stared at the two flames in front of him and couldn't help but said.

The two flames in front of Xiao Yan at this time, one is a new flame formed by the fusion of its twenty-three different colors, and the other is a khaki-yellow fire that exudes a barren aura. Rock Saint Flame!

"The power of this holy flame is really terrifying." He muttered and waved the khaki-yellow fire-hearted Tianyan power in his body, and the surrounding space suddenly collapsed. Xiao Yan said with satisfaction immediately.

"Although I don't know the mysterious reason of the Dou Qi Sea, since the Holy Flame Crystal is safe and sound in the Dou Qi Sea, then I can rest assured." Xiao Yan carefully sensed the inside of the body, and suddenly the outermost layer of the flame beast's body, Surprisingly, it was enveloped by its khaki-yellow holy flame, and twenty-three kinds of different fires kept shaking in its body!

The fierce flame beast has a body of hundreds of feet, and the beast's eyes are staring at the holy flame crystal!

"The refining of Huoxin Tianyan has ended... Next, it's time to blossom and bear fruit!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's face immediately burst into laughter, and as time passed, it turned into a wild laughter!

The engulfing process of this Fire Heart Tianyan was beyond the dangerous level predicted by Xiao Yan, and even after swallowing the holy flame into the body, forced it into the sea of ​​fighting qi, and then refining it was extremely smooth.

Although Xiao Yan couldn't say the reason, he wanted to have an inescapable relationship with the person named Xiao Mu.

But at this time, Xiao Yan couldn't care so much.

Xiao Yan's mad laughing voice kept roaring in this void, slowly and steadily!

"Let's get started!" Seeing Xiao Yan's wild laughter, Long Yi's figure slowly emerged from the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and he said to Xiao Yan contentedly.

When he just swallowed the holy flame and refined it, Long Yi's perseverance towards Xiao Yan was also in his heart.

"En!" After slightly adjusting his breath, Xiao Yan said slowly.

For the holy flame, swallowing the holy flame is the first step, and it is also the most tormenting. If you are a little careless, you may fall directly!

Furthermore, it is to refine the holy flame. Only by refining the holy flame can you gradually master the power of the holy flame!

The last is to introduce the power of holy flame into the burning decision!

So as to complete the swallowing of holy flames!

"I don't know what the power of this holy flame is..." Xiao Yan slowly drew the fire-heart Tianyan, which was dazzling to the limit, exuding the flames of desolation and destruction in front of him, and took a deep breath.

Regarding the swallowing of Shengyan, although Xiao Yan has succeeded now, there is still the last step left, and Xiao Yan is quite looking forward to this!

In the past in Dou Qi Continent, every time he devoured a different fire, it brought a skyrocketing strength and the evolution of burning determination, but he didn't know what this holy flame was like.

"Don't worry, this holy flame is stronger than the new flames that I have fused with twenty-three different fires. If you think about it, you won't let me down!" Gritting his teeth, Xiao Yan ignored the three-seven-two-one, and immediately closed the door. Eyes, mobilize the burning decision in the body!

"Boom boom boom!" Just as Xiao Yan mobilized Fen Jue, the Fen Jue technique hidden in the deepest part of Xiao Yan's body suddenly started to swim uncontrollably!

Xiao Yan was not surprised by this, because this was the symptom of devouring the strange fire every time, so Xiao Yan did not panic at all, and guided the fire-heart Tianyan holy flame towards Fen Jue!

"Boom boom boom!" The power of the holy flame and Fen Jue just touched, and suddenly a terrifying suction force emanated from Fen Jue, which directly swallowed the source of the fire-heart Tianyan holy flame!

The sound made is very shocking in this entire void!

"Ahhh!" In the next moment, Xiao Yan's mind radiated an extremely terrifying wave!

The fluctuating color was khaki, centered on Xiao Yan's forehead, and suddenly spread out everywhere!

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan gritted his teeth, his eyes were bloodshot, and the rubbing sound from clenching his teeth was extremely harsh!

"Ah ah ah!" A scream resounded in the void!

"If you want to gain enough strength, it's really..." Long Yi's eyelids can't help but jump, just looking at Xiao Yan's appearance is so cruel, you can imagine, if it were himself, I'm afraid he would have already given up.

"I can't fall down..."

"I……"

"There are still so many things to do!" In his mind, the rapidly expanding volume of Fen Jue because of the holy flames he swallowed continuously impacted every part of Xiao Yan's body!

And every time he hit, there was Xiao Yan's heart-piercing voice, but Xiao Yan gritted his teeth so that he wouldn't let himself make other sounds!

But such a terrifying impact, although the heart is like a knife, but after each impact, it brings a lot of benefits to Xiao Yan!

The most obvious is that Xiao Yan's body strength is slowly increasing, and even Xiao Yan's breath is soaring rapidly!

"What's the situation?" The next moment, Long Yi, whose sympathy had not yet disappeared, suddenly noticed that Xiao Yan's breath in front of Dao was soaring!

"Although I have never seen humans devour holy flames, it seems that swallowing holy flames doesn't seem to be such a weird thing to improve strength?"

"What's the secret of this kid?" A voice of doubt kept circling in Long Yi's heart.

"The middle stage of the Five Star Dou Di..."

"Five-star Dou Emperor late stage..."

"It's time to break through the Five Star Dou Di..."

"Six Star Dou Di?"

"The middle stage of the Six Star Dou Di?"

"It's not over yet?"

"The late six-star fighting emperor???" In the void, Long Yi's shocking voice sounded like thunder!

"What's the matter with this kid How did he break through so many levels in a short period of time?" Long Yi said rather ashamed.

Because he actually witnessed Xiao Yan's improved strength in such a short period of time as if he were flying on a plane!

You must know that the promotion from the early stage of the five-star Dou Emperor to the early stage of the six-star Dou Emperor, although this is only a rank, but the energy and time required in it, even if it is a real evildoer, is definitely decades. Break through the time between breaths?

And it's not the Six-Star Dou Di, but the late Six-Star Dou Di?

This is a full promotion to about two ranks. With such a terrifying promotion level, even Long Yi, who has a rather arrogant vision, is faintly moved!

This makes Long Yi, a thousand-year-old monster who has cultivated, have the urge to hit him to death!

"Could it be because of Sheng Yan and the exercises he practiced?" Long Yi was not stupid, and after a brief hesitation, he discovered the secret.

However, Long Yi's doubts were not over yet, when he noticed that Xiao Yan was outside his body, the strange fire square instantly shrouded him, and then the only flame group left in front of Xiao Yan exuding twenty-three colors of strange fire was Suddenly scattered, and then sorted directly on the different fire square!

"What's the situation?" Long Yi seemed to be puzzled by the second monk.

Staring at the strange fire square, there were about twenty-three flame pillars, and above each fire pillar, different colors and strengths of different fires were slowly burning, and then they respectfully surrendered to Xiao Yan!

"what……"

"This kid actually entered the meditation, it seems that the soul force has entered other places!" Long Yi saw Xiao Yan's delay in waking up, and immediately noticed Xiao Yan's abnormality. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: