Chapter 569: The Lord of the Desert Mountains, the Mad Wood Immortal Master!

"Haha, it's good to come here." An understated voice, Zi, came from the mouth of the Mad Wood Immortal Master!

"Bold Gorefiend Left Guard, how dare you attack my king!" The figure, who was covered in khaki flames, was respecting Mad Mu Xianlan on the throne just now, but the next moment he was facing Gorefiend Left Guard Angrily shout!

"Damn!"

"Yan, why didn't you die?" An exclamation came from the Gorefiend Left Guard!

"Impossible. Back then, when our entire blood demon race used the secret technique, this rock should have fallen... How could it still be here?"

"Illusion, it must be an illusion!" The Gorefiend Left Guard said in shock!

Left Guard of the Gorefiend, the second strongest among the Gorefiends ranked at the bottom of the extraterritorial evil clan!

The Gorefiends, famous for their blood energy, specialize in absorbing the blood energy of human beings. They once fought against the Mad Wood Immortal Master, so the Gorefiends, except the Gorefiends, the strongest of the Gorefiends, all fell to the ground!

That battle was truly tragic!

With the power of holy flames, Immortal Master Crazy Wood, together with Yan and other three fighting immortals, dozens of powerhouses who surpassed the Nine Star Dou Emperor and the Gorefiends fought with all his strength, and only then did the Gorefiends fight against the Gorefiends. Almost all the evil people in the gang were killed, but only the left guard of the Gorefiend was left!

Because the Gorefiend Left Guard was unable to completely kill him with the help of Mad Mu Xianlan, who was nearly exhausted at the time, so he chose to seal it!

"die?"

"My king is merciful, how could I die?"

"I'm still waiting to slay your blood demons, how can you die?" A scorching, annihilating flame instantly erupted between the eyebrows of the man called Yan!

"Cough, cough, cough!"

"What a terrifying power of holy flame, it hasn't changed at all from before!" The Gorefiend Left Guard coughed a few times and said.

"Yan, are you alright?" The next moment, Immortal Master Madwood on the throne abruptly stood up, and then faced the rock road.

"I'm fine, but it's you, my king..." Yan also knew the tyranny of the Gorefiend Left Guard, and immediately did not entangle him too much.

"There is no need to grieve, everything has its own destiny." Upon seeing this, Immortal Master Kuangmu also knew what Yan Xin was thinking. After all, at this time, he was just a remnant of a soul.

"But Shanling's little master and Tianmuyu's Shanyao and the others..."

"The two of them were placed at the bottom of the lake, on the one hand, to avoid the investigation of the Gorefiend Left Guard, because I know that the Gorefiend Left Guard has been searching for my descendants for all these years when he was sealed. Trying to break free from my shackles with the power of the blood of descendants."

"On the other hand, I must admit that I am not a good father."

"Leaving the two of them at the bottom of the lake is to improve their strength with Sanye Xianlan, so that I will have the strength to protect myself in the future when I am gone." Immortal Master Madwood spoke slowly, but his voice was full of A sense of vicissitudes.

"My king, don't blame yourself. I think the two of them knew about that scene, and they will definitely forgive you."

"After all..." Yan suddenly said.

"Forget it, let's not talk about it." Just when Yan wanted to continue speaking, Immortal Master Kuangmu suddenly interrupted.

"Humph!"

"Even if it's the two of you, I'm afraid it won't be so easy to kill me!" The left guard of the Gorefiend stared at Immortal Master Yan and Madwood, and the three were so stalemate!

"This rock is probably the holy flame at the top of this desert mountain range!"

"Sacred flame is the only one who is so extreme and suppresses the evil race outside the territory so strongly!" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and then he said.

"The color of this holy flame is khaki, I just don't know which holy flame it is!" Xiao Yan said with a fiery gaze, he could feel the burning determination and even the strange fire in his body slowly stirring!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The identification of this holy flame is different from that of a different fire. If you want to distinguish which kind of holy flame it is just by relying on the color and breath, I am afraid that only your strength can reach the battle of immortals..."

"Right now, we can only rely on the Holy Flame Crystal and Holy Flame Soul Seed!"

"This holy flame soul seed should be mastered by this man named Yan. It's just strange, why doesn't this holy flame exist without holy flame crystals, strange?" Long Yi said slightly.

"Holy Flame Crystal?"

"Sacred Flame Soul Seed?" Xiao Yan said dumbly.

"The so-called holy flame soul species, you have obtained one from the corpse forest, but you have never encountered the holy flame belonging to that soul species, so it has always been so bleak."

"Only with the approval of the Holy Flame Soul Species can you conquer the qualifications of the Holy Flame!"

"As for the Holy Flame Crystal, it can only be obtained after conquering the Holy Flame."

"Sacred Flame Soul Seed and Holy Flame Crystal are all of Holy Flame!" Long Yi spoke slowly!

"I see..." Xiao Yan murmured, looking inside thoughtfully.

It's just that Xiao Yan vaguely discovered that it seems that this duel field has been set up by the Mad Wood Immortal Master to set up an extremely terrifying barrier, which has led to the fact that several people have not been discovered by the three inside.

"Is this person... my father?" After seeing Immortal Master Madwood, Shan Ling on the side was far from having any violent fluctuations, but was very calm and her breathing was extremely flat.

"What the **** is going on, I must find out!" The next moment, Shan Ling suddenly swore to herself after listening to the conversation between Yan and Immortal Master Madwood.

As for Shanyao and Snake Punishment on the side, the aura in their bodies has also improved a lot, and then they can only watch the situation in the dueling arena!

"Hehe, it's okay to talk about old times."

"Yan, we haven't fought hand in hand for a long time." A slightly smiling voice slowly emanated from Immortal Master Madwood.

"My king, I haven't felt your breath for a long time." The Yan man also said very, very hot In this case, would you like to come here once, strike the hand of the sky? Immortal Master Crazy Wood shouted at Yan, and his voice was quite bold!

"I can't ask for it!" Yan heard the words, and instantly agreed, and then the breath suddenly exploded, and a terrifying holy flame that seemed to be uncontrollable burst out!

"Crash!" With the power of holy flames appearing all over Yan's body, the giant rock hand of the sky, which had slapped the Gorefiend Left Guard, shattered, and then turned into hot magma, which merged into the foot of the rock. !

"come back!"

"My power!" Yan shouted loudly, and then the magma in those rocks melted into his feet more quickly!

With the integration of the power of these flames, the aura of that rock exploded, and in a short period of time, it had a strength comparable to that of a fighting fairy!

"Okay!" said Mad Wood Immortal Master.

"If that's the case, then the two of us are going crazy once!"

"My second daughter, I'll leave it to you in the future!" Immortal Master Madwood finished speaking, and his strength as an immortal warrior was undoubtedly on display!

"damn it!"

"Isn't this Crazy Mu Xianlan already fallen... How can it still have such terrifying fluctuations..."

"And the power of holy flame on this rock, these two fighting immortals are too strong against me, this is troublesome!" Gorefiend Zuowei said slowly, and there was no disdain in his voice. , but a little more dignified!

ask for a ticket