Chapter 309: Rank 10 Fighting Emperor!

"The energy in this door of light seems to be familiar..." Xiao Yan also stared at the door of light in the hall in front of him, and then spoke slowly.

"This breath..."

"It seems to be a bit similar to when you fought the Soul Heaven Emperor on the Dou Qi Continent..." Xiao Yi also remembered something, and said.

"The body of Dou Di!" Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, and then stared at the door of light in front of him, because Xiao Yan also suddenly remembered that the aura in this door of light was the same as when he used it on the Dou Qi continent. The body of the Dou Di that came out is quite similar!

"Yes, this is the Dou Di River, which is specially used to condense the body of Dou Di." Mu Xuzi also brought the five people to the side of Guangmen slowly, and then slowly guided the five people.

"Doudihe?"

"The body of a fighting emperor?"

"What are these things..." Mu Yingying also asked in a puzzled manner. Seeing the look of confusion, it was obviously the first time she had heard of it.

Xiao Yan also frowned, obviously finding that Mu Yingying doesn't seem to know a lot of things, and she doesn't know anything about her attempts as a human being...

Is this a fool? ? ?

Of course, Xiao Yan wouldn't think that Mu Yingying was a fool. After all, Mu Yingying's four-star Dou Emperor Perfection level strength, if it was a fool, it would be impossible for her to cultivate so fast.

"The so-called Dou Di River means that it has access to many independent spaces. These spaces are connected in all directions, but without exception, entering it can condense the body of Dou Di."

"Doudi Hanoi has a special power, enough for you to condense the body of Doudi..."

"As for the body of Dou Di, it is to increase your attack and defense power by geometric multiples, and to form a huge energy body on the surface of your body through special techniques." Mu Xuzi also smiled slowly.

"No wonder..." Xiao Yan also remembered that when he was in the Dou Qi Continent, the reason why the Soul Heaven Emperor could condense the body of a bleeding emperor was largely due to the records of their ancestors of the soul clan, so he could condense it. As for Xiao Yan himself , it is because of the ancient emperor Tuoshe, so he can also condense the body of Emperor Yan.

However, in order to suppress the Soul Heaven Emperor's soul power, he also completely burned the body of the Dou Emperor, and completely suppressed the Soul Heaven Emperor!

Therefore, Xiao Yan also lost his body as Dou Di.

However, Xiao Yan also found that since he came to the Xuanling Continent, he rarely saw other people using the body of Dou Di...

"Haha, even on our Xuanling Continent, there are not a lot of people who can use this Dou Emperor." Mu Xuzi also seemed to have noticed Xiao Yan's doubts, and then said.

"Although the body of Dou Di is powerful, it is a symbol of a strong Dou Di, but without Dou Di River, it is difficult for ordinary families to condense. Therefore, there are very few strong people on our Xuanling Continent who can display the body of Dou Di."

"And the preciousness of this Dou Di River, other than our Xuan Santian super sects, no other big family is qualified to own it!"

"On the one hand, this Dou Di River must be opened up by Dou Xian powerhouses, and on the other hand, the things this Dou Di River needs are too precious to be measured by money." Mu Xuzi also said slowly.

"Hehe, I've heard about the symbol of a strong Dou Di, the body of Dou Di, I can't believe that I can see Dou Di River today..." Mu Feng also smiled slowly, but there was something in his voice that couldn't be concealed. happy!

Others don't know the body of this Dou Di, but he, Mu Feng, is very clear!

There are two levels of powerhouses who have condensed the body of Dou Emperor and those who have not condensed the body of Dou Emperor!

A strong person who has condensed the body of a Dou Emperor, even if it is only in the early stage of the four-star Dou Emperor, is enough to rely on the body of the Dou Emperor to resist the attacks of the strong in the early stage of the five-star Dou Emperor and remain invincible!

This is the most terrifying aspect of Dou Di!

"It's actually the body of Dou Di..." Green Flute couldn't hide her surprise, her jade hand raised slightly to cover her lips, so as not to express too much surprise.

The green flute belongs to the Medusa clan, but this does not conceal her strength as a Dou Di!

Their Medusa clan can also be condensed into a Dou Di!

However, the preciousness of the Dou Di River, even with the background of their Medusa clan, cannot be established, so there are very few strong people in their Medusa clan who have the body of Dou Di!

So how could Green Flute not be moved by the Dou Di River that is now in front of Green Flute?

Moreover, the green flute also has a temper. When he joined the Fenxiang Pavilion, he was attacked by the Xuanling King. It is impossible to say that he is not angry.

Although the Medusa clan and the Xuanling royal family have a great blood feud, the Xuanling King dares to take the shot directly, so the green flute also has a grudge in his heart.

"The body of a fighting emperor..." Xiao Yi also muttered obsessively.

Obviously, Xiao Yi also knew the horror of Xiao Yan's body as Emperor Yan, so she was looking forward to it.

Because the current self is also a part of human beings, it is also a matter of course to cultivate the body of Dou Di.

"Okay, when I explain it to you, let's enter it."

"The body of the Emperor Dou is the symbol of a strong Dou Di, but not every strong Dou Di can display it. Only after entering the Dou Di River and condensing it can it become a major fighting method for you."

"The body of Dou Di is divided into ten grades."

"The first grade is the most clumsy, but most of them are the fourth and fifth grades..."

"I remember that the most outstanding disciple who joined our Human Palace last time was the sixth-rank Dou Emperor. I wonder if you will be more perverted than this this time." Mu Xuzi also said slowly.

But before Mu Xuzi's voice fell, he noticed the expectation of the five people around him, and then shook his head. UU reading www.uukanshu.com

"Remember, the people who exist in the Dou Di River are all strong people. If you are lucky, you can meet some Dou Emperor bodies of overlords. If you can get the Dou Emperor body of Dou Di, it will have different degrees of influence on your future cultivation. The benefits." Mu Xuzi also said loudly.

"Okay, let's all get in."

"I will wait for you here until you successfully condense the body of Dou Di." Mu Xu's voice echoed in the hall.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan also exchanged glances with the people around him, then turned into a milky white flame, and went straight into the door of light...

Or Dou Dihe is more suitable.

"This Dou Di River has existed for thousands of years..."

"I don't know if the most terrifying tenth-grade Dou Emperor still exists..."

"After so many years, maybe it's still incomplete..." Mu Xuzi also shook his head, and then the old man above the hall also slowly came to Mu Xuzi.

"When he condenses the body of Dou Di, maybe I will take him out." The old man who Mu Xuzi called Zhu Lao also said.

"Well, no problem." Mu Xuzi also said with a smile, if Xiao Yan, such an excellent seedling, was taken by Lao Zhu, he would be relieved.

"Reporting to my king, the things in the imperial pool have been processed, and outsiders can enter." A soldier also respectfully said to King Xuanling.

"Send someone to send a letter to Burning Incense Pavilion..."

"Since you agreed, you can't break the rules..."

"but…"

"You Burning Incense Pavilion won't be jumping for a long time..."

"When I get the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, it will be the day when your Burning Incense Pavilion and the Medusa clan will be destroyed..." King Xuanling also laughed. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: