Chapter Vol 4 880: seal fighting spirit

"What should I do?" Xiao Yan asked weakly.

After all, the immortal ghost in front of him is a genuine fighting immortal powerhouse.

"Our fighting spirits have too many attributes and forms, but they are almost transformed by power. Although I am a human now, at best, I can only be regarded as an energy body with huge energy."

"When swallowed by you, it will become part of your power."

"And your strength has reached a certain level in the future. After swallowing me, you will inherit some of my strength attributes. This is also a part of our fighting spirit." Undead Mingque said.

"As for you, it seems that now, I can only seal my power in your vindictive sea." Undead Mingque thought for a while and then said.

"What a sea of ​​fighting qi..." Xiao Yan nodded slightly when he heard the words.

At this time, there were already quite a few creatures in Xiao Yan's Dou Qi Sea.

If the holy flame crystal, which holds the source of holy flame, and the flaming beast that compresses Xiao Yan's fighting spirit, are joining a vicious fighting spirit, I am afraid.

"Get ready."

"Start when you're ready."

"Sealing the fighting spirit is no better than swallowing the fighting spirit, it won't take you long, but the ordeal during the period, even if it is me..." Undead Ming said here, and suddenly stopped, obviously Xiao Yan wanted to rely on the six-star fighting emperor to achieve success Sealing the power of the fighting soul, I am afraid it will suffer a lot.

"Don't worry, I, Xiao Yan, have never been afraid." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Okay!" Immortal Mingque heard the words.

"After the seal, my mind will fall into a deep sleep, and I will wake up when you devour the fighting soul in the future, and during the seal period, you have to be careful, otherwise others will find that you have the holy flame sealed on your body, and it is very likely that you will be caught The person will take it out by caesarean section." The undead Mingque said solemnly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan naturally knew the good intentions of Dou Soul, and Xiao Yan was also stupid enough to show off to others.

However, according to the words of the immortal Mingque, Xiao Yan knew it.

Once this fighting spirit is sealed, I am afraid that under the premise that his strength reaches the end, he will not be able to use the power of the fighting spirit.

However, Xiao Yan was not dissatisfied with this. After all, this fighting spirit was very suitable for Xiao Yan. Now that it is sealed in the body, it will be saved in the future to find it.

"Introduce that mysterious piece of paper into your vindictive sea." Seeing that Xiao Yan was fully prepared, the immortal Mingque said.

"Are you introducing a sea of ​​vindictive energy..." Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately followed suit.

"Bang bang bang!" He introduced the mysterious piece of paper that Cang Yue had given him into his vindictive sea, but just when Xiao Yan used his soul power to touch the mysterious piece of paper, a dazzling silver light burst out from the mysterious piece of paper.

"Be careful, this is a good thing," said the undead Mingque.

"Go in!" Xiao Yan didn't care so much, wrapped the mysterious piece of paper with his soul power and sent it directly to his own Dou Qi Sea!

Following Xiao Yan's delivery like this, the flame beast that had been sleeping in Xiao Yan's body suddenly felt that his status was being provoked, and the beast opened its pupils and stared vigilantly at the mysterious piece of paper emitting a silver light.

On the mysterious piece of paper, strange and powerful mysterious runes appeared, which made the flame beast extremely uneasy.

"Don't worry, this guy won't compete with you." Xiao Yan couldn't help saying when he saw the flame beast like this.

"Hoohoho!" That's the case, the flaming beast entrenched in Xiao Yan's Dou Qi sea roared at the mysterious piece of paper, as if feeling uneasy.

"Hey, there seems to be something in your Dou Qi Sea..." Immortal Mingque looked at Xiao Yan's forehead and said immediately.

"not sure what it is."

"My current Dou Qi and domestic Dou Qi are all gone."

"Some are just a fiery beast." Xiao Yan opened his eyes and said to the undead ghost.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"what?"

"Boy, are you talking about it again?" Originally, the undead Mingque was quite calm, but now Xiao Yan said that the battle qi in his body had condensed into a fierce beast of flame, and he was overjoyed at that time.

"What's the situation?" Faced with the joy of the Undead Mingque, Xiao Yan was at a loss.

"Boy, I don't know what kind of **** luck you have."

"The cultivation of a strong Dou Di is known to compress the sea of ​​Dou Qi in the body."

"And the Dou Qi Sea, before you were promoted to Dou Emperor, has been expanded countless times, so if you want to compress Dou Qi Sea to advance, it's easier said than done."

"But your kid is different."

"I don't know if it's the Holy Flame or something else. Your Dou Qi is already slowly compressing in the sea. Maybe this speed is not fast in your opinion, but in the eyes of others, it is a dream!"

"Dou Nui's posture is also varied, but the only thing that is the same is that in the end, they will only be about the size of a human."

"But you look at the fiery beast in your body. If it is not what I expected, it may already be comparable to the Dou Qi sea of ​​some Seven Star Dou Emperor Perfection level powerhouses."

"The benefits of this, you will naturally know when you break through Dou Xian in the future." Undead Mingque said.

"Hehe, I never thought that it was a blessing in disguise at the beginning." Thinking of this flaming beast, Xiao Yan felt a little fortunate.

"Okay, don't be too happy, seal me first and then talk about it." The next moment, the immortal Mingque interrupted Xiao Yan.

"Come on!" Xiao Yan heard the words and said in a deep voice, and then the immortal sparrow turned into a dazzling fiery red energy, pouring into Xiao Yan's Dou Qi Haina mysterious piece of paper!

"Boom boom boom!" Just as the power of the immortal ghost bird poured into Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan only felt a burst of pain, as if his heart was torn apart, extremely painful!

"Boy, hold on!" Undead Mingque also knew that his strength was too great, even if he had a mysterious piece of paper, if Xiao Yan couldn't hold on, he would explode and die.

"Don't worry." Xiao Yan said stubbornly.

I have survived the hell-like situation when I devoured Yihuo, and I am still afraid of this pain!

"Fire!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's mouth was bloodied because of Xiao Yan's clenching of his teeth, but Xiao Yan ignored it and called out directly.

Following Xiao Yan's voice, his whole body was enveloped in flames. Under the envelope of the flames, the pain increased instead of decreasing!

"Ah, ah, ah!" Screams of misery continued from Xiao Yan's mouth However, no matter how miserable the screams were, Xiao Yan did not take a step back!

"He's really a tough boy."

"It seems that this kid has infinite achievements in the future, and it's not in vain for me to follow you." After the immortal Mingque finished speaking, it poured directly into the mysterious piece of paper in the sea of ​​​​do qi.

The screams continued for about five minutes, and then Xiao Yan returned to normal, sitting on the ground, gasping for breath.

"Finally, it's a success." Xiao Yan was completely exhausted at this time, lying on the ground and said.

"Xiao Yan?" Mu Yingying just heard the call and came to see if something happened to Xiao Yan, but she saw Xiao Yan lying directly on the ground.

"Success." Xiao Yan smiled directly at Mu Yingying.

"It's good if it's successful." However, when Mu Yingying came to Xiao Yan's side, an invisible vortex directly sucked the two of them in, and as the vortex was sucked in, Mu Yingying felt a familiar feeling. breath!

That is the breath of my brother!

And with the disappearance of Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying, the figure of a mysterious royal family slowly appeared on the ground where they were originally!

"asshole!"

"It's hard to find the location of another holy flame from Yan Chi's mouth, but it's still a step too late." It wasn't the old man who was currently guarding the seventh floor of the underground palace!

After the old man finished speaking, he jumped up and walked towards the underground palace.

And Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan, at the last critical moment, were rescued by the distant Yan Chi, and it seemed that they also entered the underground palace.