Chapter 87: Fight martial arts!

The battle in midair continues!

Wu Huan and Xiao Yan obviously used their trump cards when they played against each other.

The Buddha's anger fire lotus exploded completely, and the terrifying flame ripples first broke through the first light mirror in an instant, and then the remaining power also roared away towards the second light mirror, its majestic and vicious smashing. Above the second light mirror.

"Bang bang bang!"

The terrifying power after the explosion of the Buddha's Furious Fire Lotus suddenly formed an energy dragon surrounded by milky white flames under Xiao Yan's skillful control. hit its mirror.

"Damn!"

Seeing this, Wu Huan also secretly said that such a situation is completely unfavorable to him. He is the only one who knows the state of his body best. If he cultivated his strength through hard work, then the triple Solomon that he displayed, even if Xiao Yan is a four-star Dou Emperor now, can’t help him, it’s just…

"Hey hey, this Rashomen is an extremely superb existence in defense methods. Legend has it that there are seven levels of Rashomen. Once the seven levels are released, it can instantly cover a space of a hundred miles, even if it is a peak of Dou Emperor. No."

"It's comparable to god-level fighting skills!"

"However, this boy named Wu Huan in front of him is full of fiery red aura, but he actually has an ethereal taste. Even the triple Rashomen, which is comparable to the attack of a four-star Dou Emperor powerhouse, can't resist the power of your strange fire. ." The voice of the Golden Dragon King sounded from Xiao Yan's heart.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"And the aura of this martial arts is somewhat similar to the ghost you killed before. Although it was hidden deeply, I still discovered some of it."

"Oh!"

Hearing this, Xiao Yan was also a little surprised, so it's logical to say so, no wonder this Wu Huan has been deliberately dealing with himself.

"go!"

Xiao Yan, who knew the truth, also smiled slightly, then flicked his finger on it, and several seven-color fire lotuses flew towards the battle!

Although it is only a seven-color fire lotus, its power should not be underestimated, but this is not because Xiao Yan deliberately did not use the twenty-three-color Buddha's wrath fire lotus. In fact, the Buddha's anger fire lotus fused with twenty-three different fires consumes a lot of vindictive energy. Xiao Yan's current Dou Qigong method is only at the high level of the sky. He can't use a few times to integrate the Buddha's Fury Fire Lotus. He must also keep Dou Qi in case of emergency, to prevent this martial arts from leaving behind!

"Huhuhu!"

The milky-white energy dragon and the second light mirror shattered in a stalemate for a few minutes, shattering in an instant like glass shatters, and then the dragon also took advantage of the situation to move towards the last light mirror!

The last light mirror is obviously the one with the most powerful defense.

"Hahaha! You are really extraordinary from the lower planes!" Wu Huan also roared when he saw Xiao Yan who had broken his two Solomon defenses one after another, but anyone could hear it, and it was obvious in Wu Huan's voice Also dignified.

If this last Solomon is defeated, then Wu Huan will also be defeated...

"Um!"

Hearing that, Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, and then looked at Wu Huan in surprise.

Although he came from the lower plane, he has never told this secret to anyone else.

With Qing Yuan's strength of Dou Sheng, of course he would not know, and Qing Yuan is still in a coma, and the other is the Alchemist Association. Needless to say, it can be known from the fact that Yueru did not hesitate to protect the law in the ruins before.

"Oh, Wu Huan, what do you mean by that?" Xiao Yan also asked suspiciously.

"Hahaha, don't act like a fool with me. If others don't know, how can I still know."

"Is it easy to absorb the power of the previous magic shadow?" Wu Huan's face also became hideous, and then his fiery red aura slowly wrapped around his light mirror.

The last Solomon became stronger under the blessing of Wuhuan!

"This person, can't stay." Xiao Yan also heard something different from Wu Huan's words. It seems that there should be problems in this Wucheng.

"Xiao Yan dare to take me a trick!"

Under the protection of the dazzling Solomon, Wu Huan also laughed, because Xiao Yan in front of him was only the strength of the middle stage of the Three Star Dou Emperor, and he was the peak of the dignified Three Star Dou Emperor. To deal with this kind of person, Wu Huan has a lot of power. The big self-confidence is sure to kill with one blow, so I can't help but say.

"I can't ask for it!" Xiao Yan also poured an extremely tyrannical force on his flame giant dragon at the end, and then he didn't control the giant dragon, and let the giant dragon rampage and hit the last Solomon sturdy light mirror.

The giant dragon wrapped in milky white flame viciously hit the sturdy fiery red Dou Qi light mirror, and sparks fluttered suddenly, and the sky deep in the Demonic Beast Mountains also shook slightly.

Behind the milky white dragon, Xiao Yan also stared at Wu Huan, and then slowly touched the heavy ruler behind him with his left hand. Under the protection of the fiery red light mirror, Wu Huan also held a long sword in his hand, and then the tip of the sword pointed to to the place where Xiao Yan was.

"This sword is called 'Prisoner Yuan', and before you, you have killed a lot of heaven's favored people. You can die on this sword, and you will not waste your name as a first-rank alchemist."

"And I'm also very interested in the flame on your body." After that, Wu Huan's long sword tip, there was a circle of high-speed rotating wind blades, like a cyan sphere covered with blades.

"Is it?"

"I didn't expect you to know so much, and I'm also a little interested in you." After Xiao Yan said, the Dou Qi all over his body suddenly revolved, and the Fen Jue in his body was running at a high speed. With Xiao Yan.

"Prisoner!"

A passionate voice resounded from the depths of the Warcraft Mountains The voice just fell, and the long sword in Wu Huan's hand soared several times, emitting a gray light, and a monstrous weather emerged, and then Wu Huan did not hesitate, It turned directly into a meteor and ignored where Xiao Yan was.

"Die."

Wu Huan came a few meters in front of Xiao Yan in an instant, and found that Xiao Yan did not move, as if he had given up resistance, and then snorted coldly.

Although this Xiao Yan is only in the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Emperor, his refining skills are at the level of the emperor, and his soul strength is not weak, although he does not know what they want this soul for...

Seeing Xiao Yan with his eyes closed, the long sword in Wu Huan's hand didn't stay too long, and the strange long sword in his hand suddenly trembled. A small, deep light almost the size of a thumb. Immediately shot out.

Just as the light appeared, the space trembled a few times.

"Shabu!"

The terrifying light attacked Xiao Yan who was close at hand.

Feeling the terrifying light that was so close at hand, Xiao Yan also suddenly opened his eyes, and then took off the heavy ruler behind him instantly. A giant dragon in a deep sleep suddenly woke up, and the powerful force and the terrifying light merged viciously. Together!

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"Destroy the enemy with one foot!"

"Break it for me!"

Second shift!

All kinds of requests for tickets!

happy New Year to all!