Chapter 62: Black and white yin and yang heart!

Looking closely at this mysterious woman with bare jade feet stepping on a green lotus, Xiao Yan just realized her unique beauty.

In that slender and slender figure, her long hair is like the Milky Way, dazzling and dazzling, the blue dress is engraved with blue lotus, and the skirt shimmers with blue light. When it swings gently in the wind, it looks like lotus.

The face under the hat must also be extremely beautiful. The fair cut is glowing with jade light, and the ruddy is slightly tilted up, which seems to be a little playful. The most striking thing about her is the pair of clear blue lotus Eyes, the eyes are so pure that they can look directly at people's hearts, so that when everyone looks at the pair of eyes, they are a little fascinated.

The elegant and slender neck like a swan has a delicate and **** collarbone under it and a chest that highlights the fullness of the locust. Further down, the curve gathers, outlines a slender waist that is gripped, and the figure is like gold. The perfect proportions, admiring the magic of the creator..

This is really a girl like Zhongtiandi's aura.

At the first sight of this girl, Xiao Yan remembered these words in his heart, and his eyes were full of surprise.

This kind of woman, just like the fairy who fell from the fairyland to the mortal world, does not eat the fireworks of the world, not only has the beauty that stuns the world, but also that kind of beauty, so beautiful that it is so beautiful that there is no fireworks in the world. Invisibly makes people feel a kind of remote.

As the saying goes, it can be viewed from a distance but cannot be played with, like the green lotus under its feet is as pure and clean.

Xiao Yan's gaze swept across this mysterious woman, and the astonishing look in his eyes lasted for a while before slowly dissipating.

"Huh? What are you looking at?"

"Young master, you should leave as soon as possible."

The woman with her jade feet on the green lotus also noticed a trace of strangeness in Xiao Yan's eyes and said.

"Master, can I beat her?"

"Difficult, this woman looks young, but her strength is particularly terrifying. I'm afraid she is not weaker than that month's patriarch. Even if you use all your cards, you will win less and lose more." The dignified voice of the Golden Dragon King was also in his heart. Quietly sounded, if it was in its prime or attached to Xiao Yan, it would naturally not care, but right now, there was nothing to do.

"Master, what about your possession?" Xiao Yan obviously did not give up.

"I believe you have discovered it yourself. The previous possession caused too much damage to yourself. You can't do it in a short period of time, otherwise it will hurt the root bone..." The Golden Dragon King also said solemnly.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also gave a wry smile and rolled his eyes, a little helpless.

Although the baby is good, but also have a life to enjoy.

So he cupped his hands to the mysterious woman and said, "Xiao Yan has no intention to **** treasures with the girl, and just broke in just to see what the emperor left behind?"

"Even the favored sons of the sky near Qingcheng were expelled. You can break in, but you have some ability." The tulle under the hat on the mysterious woman's cheeks trembled gently, and the clear voice was like dripping jade. And that tone was also somewhat inexplicable.

Obviously, she had secretly watched Xiao Yan subdue the bloodthirsty dragon, and after defeating the guardian, she would not believe Xiao Yan's words by mistake. This woman not only has a peerless appearance, but also has a lot of wisdom in her heart.

"My name is Su Xueying. Since Young Master Xiao Yan has no intention of competing, then Xueying will thank you first. I don't want to do it by force, so I also ask Young Master Xiao Yan not to be overbearing."

In midair, Su Xueying gave Xiao Yan Yingying a salute, but although her voice was extraordinarily polite, Xiao Yan could hear the faint warning.

In this regard, Xiao Yan can only spread his hands, this woman is too terrifying, and she can't beat her.

Moreover, Xiao Yan also understands, don't take this woman so easy to talk on the surface, he is sure that if he really dares to do bad things, I'm afraid this woman won't show any mercy.

Although this peerless beauty in front of her seems to be gentle and even soft-spoken, but in her heart, she is probably like a mysterious ice, which can be touched at the touch of a touch!

Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, Su Xueying turned her gaze back, she could see Xiao Yan's strength, the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Emperor. Although she had some doubts about how the latter broke into this place, she felt that she was using the power of the fire elves.

But in general, she did not pay too much attention to it. She had seen too many young heroes. Therefore, she also had confidence. Even if Xiao Yan stayed here, once he made a change, she would use her With his strength, he could easily subdue him. Although he had spent a lot of money to temporarily seal his strength in order to enter this ruin, it was more than enough to deal with Xiao Yan.

Therefore, her act of not forcibly driving her away, from a certain point of view, is more like a silent contempt, because she is confident that no matter what Xiao Yan's plans are, it is impossible for her to have the slightest impact on her. .

Su Xueying's eyes moved away from Xiao Yan's body, and then looked at the light group above the throne's bones. She also saw the two yin and yang hearts hidden in her hands, but even in the face of such treasures , In her clear moo, there were only some fluctuations, and there was no surprise on her cheeks. Such concentration is really extraordinary.

"I didn't expect to be able to see Yin and Yang hearts here..."

"There is only one attribute of yin or yang in the human body. I don't know if it is true or not."

There was a hint of surprise in Su Xueying's sweet voice. Immediately, she raised her hand lightly, and a blue light swept out from her fingertips, and then turned into a palm, directly grasping the white bead tightly. live.

"Buzz!"

Facing Su Xueying's grasp, the white beads also trembled rapidly, exuding an extremely tyrannical resistance.

"break!"

Seeing that the resistance of the light group was so fierce Su Xueying volleyed a little again, and the green lotus under her feet fell off a petal, and then turned into a light blue rainbow light, which slammed heavily on the protection in white The light cluster above the bead.

"Buzz!"

With the bombardment of the cyan and red light, the light group suddenly trembled violently, and cracks appeared quietly. From this appearance, it was obvious that they could not resist Su Xueying's destruction.

The light shattered, revealing the white beads, the Qinglian woman made a move, and the white beads flew straight from the bones of the throne into her hands.

It's strange to say, since the Qinglian woman got the white yin and yang heart, the space around the woman seemed to have a trace of strangeness and became silent again.

Xiao Yan also stood there dumbfounded, from which white beads he felt an unprecedented powerful force!

"Boom boom boom!"

The woman with her jade feet stepping on the green lotus suddenly exuded a thick fire attribute grudge, and then, while Xiao Yan was stunned, strands of tiny blue flames emanated from the green lotus woman's body.

"Um?"

"Why is the black yin and yang heart gone?" The Qinglian woman was also puzzled, and then she stared at the skeleton of the throne, but she didn't find it.

"It should have been dazzling just now." Immediately, he turned his head and prepared to refine the yin and yang heart first.

Xiao Yan could not help shrinking his pupils when he saw the cyan flame on the woman above the green lotus. With Xiao Yan's current soul perception, he could feel the horror that was not inferior to Xiao Yi from the cyan flame. The temperature, Xiao Yi on her shoulders also became solemn for the first time at the moment when the flame appeared.

"This volatility is..."

"Holy Flame!!!"

Xiao Yan's exclamation resounded throughout the hall!

​​