Chapter Vol 4 1405: 3 heavenly species!

"Weng Om." Duan Tianhong and Xiao Yan disappeared instantly, and after a while, they came to the Treasure Pavilion in the valley.

"This is..." Xiao Yan looked at the splendid Treasure Pavilion in front of him with some puzzlement, and then said, obviously he had been here once before, but he didn't notice the existence of the Heavenly Seed's aura. Could it be that Heavenly Seed is really it's here?

"The preciousness of the heavenly seed naturally requires extra care to protect."

"And our Treasure Pavilion in Thunder Valley is the place to store Heavenly Seeds." Duan Tianhong said with a smile.

"Go!" In an instant, Duo Tianhong waved his hand, and a crack appeared out of nowhere in the golden prohibition above the Treasure Pavilion, and the two figures also directly entered it. Don't underestimate this golden prohibition, just this Banned, I am afraid that the four-star fighting immortal powerhouse can only be defeated, so if there is no Du Tianhong to follow, outsiders who want to enter the Treasure Pavilion will be as difficult as going to the sky.

"Crash." As soon as they entered the Treasure Pavilion, an overwhelming tyrannical aura emerged. Obviously, the place the two entered was very different from the first time Xiao Yan entered.

"The top floor of the Treasure Pavilion is used to store the seals of reincarnation tokens, and the second floor at the top is where the Heavenly Seeds are stored." After Duan Tianhong finished speaking, his figure jumped over and headed straight up.

"Boom!" The two figures had just entered the second floor at the top, and suddenly the overwhelming hidden aura suddenly filled the air, and groups of lights of different colors and energy fluctuations of different attributes slowly permeated the space. middle.

"Tsk tsk tsk..."

"I'm afraid this is the background of the Thunder Valley of Forging Knife..." Xiao Yan glanced at it, and suddenly found that this was a special space that had been opened up alone. There was an extremely tyrannical force of confinement in the space, and it was even under this confinement. , no power of space can be exerted, obviously the confinement in this space is extremely strong.

And in the space, the obscure aura contained in the clumps of rays of light is astonishingly similar to the taste of heaven.

"There are three fire-type heavenly seeds in the valley. I will call them all later. You can try it. As for what level of heavenly seeds you can obtain, it all depends on your fortune." Duan Tianhong laughed.

"Thank you, Valley Master!" Xiao Yan clasped his fists and smiled, this kindness is not a big deal.

"Weng Om!" Duan Tianhong's whole body was suddenly shocked, and then he gestured some strange handprints in his hand, as if he was communicating with the light group.

"Come here." After a while, the three groups of light with scorching aura were attracted by the unique handprints in Duo Tianhong's hands, but two of them were bright, and one was dim.

"You can absorb it yourself, I still have things in the valley to deal with."

"When you've finished absorbing it, it's almost time to go to the Four Continents to compete." After doing all this, Duo Tianhong didn't intervene, he just left a sentence, and then disappeared abruptly.

"If that's the case, then I'll take a look at what these three Heavenly Seeds are." Xiao Yan also secretly calmed down, and then in this space, he carefully got a clue.

The outermost confinement of the three groups of light is milky white, which seems to be protected by an extremely tyrannical confinement, and inside the restraint, there is an extremely hot wave, that kind of wave is undoubtedly much stronger than ordinary flames, but There is no holy flame tyrannical.

Even so, its power is probably stronger than Yihuo.

"Let's take a look at this one first." After a while, without wasting any time, the light group on the far right was called directly by Xiao Yan.

"Weng buzzing!" The milky white light group just came ten meters in front of Xiao Yan, and suddenly a monstrous aura of repulsion erupted.

"It's quite violent?" Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing.

"Three Heavenly Seeds, it seems that this Du Tianhong is also a master who is willing to spend his blood..."

"If it were an ordinary person, even if the talent is enchanting, I'm afraid this guy wouldn't treat you like this. You have a special status, and with the status of his daughter, it seems that this old guy is trying to win you over." After a while , Xiao Yan's body, the voice of Soul Eater suddenly sounded.

"Master?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan was immediately surprised. After all, the Lord of Soul Eater has been extremely hiding his breath since the appearance of the foreign evil race in the Thunder Tomb, as if he was afraid of something.

"Before, I was just afraid of being discovered, so I didn't show up, otherwise there are just a few extraterritorial evil races." The Lord of Soul Eater smiled.

"Is it discovered?" Xiao Yan also wondered.

"It's just some guys in Li Soul Territory, old rivals." The Master of Soul Eater smiled, obviously a powerhouse of that level, otherwise Xiao Yan would be able to feel it now.

"You do your thing, leave me alone."

"The next time I enter the Four Continents for the competition or even Li Soul Realm, I will appear less often... Everything still depends on you." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and then touched the light group in front of him with both hands.

"Weng humming." The dazzling soul power suddenly poured out, and then the restriction was easily broken by Xiao Yan, revealing the tyrannical heavenly seed under the imprisonment.

"Little Heavenly Seed... Yanyin." This is a mass of khaki flames, lost the protection of the milky white prohibition, and a crystal cage with clear crystal silver only shrouded it, and even on the crystal cage, five small characters slowly appeared. .

"The khaki flame... Yanyin..."

"The power of this little celestial seed seems to be similar to that of Huoxin Tianyan, but it's just a weak Huoxin Tianyan..." After thinking for a while, Xiao Yan shook his head lightly, it was clear that this little celestial seed didn't care about him. Use, after all, I already own Huoxin Tianyan.

"Look at the second one." After sealing the first small heavenly seed to Zaidu, it immediately dissipated in this space, apparently returning to its place of return.

"Crash." The second group of light was pulled over, and this time, a sound like a stream of water sounded abruptly.

"Little Heavenly Seed, Void Water Flame." The cyan flame kept fluttering, like an elf, which made Xiao Yan quite fond of it. After all, this Heavenly Seed was undoubtedly a lot more tyrannical than Yanyin. It also carries the gentleness of the water system, which is extremely suitable for the current Xiao Yan.

"The combination of fire and water..."

"It's you..." Xiao Yan said with a smile. As for the last light group, the whole body was dim, and its power was obviously even weaker Xiao Yan was not even interested in touching it.

"The last one is a good thing." The Master of Soul Eater said on demand. With his perception, he couldn't be wrong.

"Damn." Xiao Yan scolded secretly, and then his eyes became strange. In an instant, he pushed out the little blue sky seed directly in front of him, and then the phantom water flame disappeared, leaving only the last ball of light. .

"I hope you won't let me down..." Xiao Yan naturally nodded his head abruptly when he heard the words of the Soul Eater, and then his heart burst into flames!

The vision of the dignified Soul Eater is definitely not wrong.

But just as Xiao Yan gently moved towards this Heavenly Seed, Duo Tianhong, who had already left the Treasure Pavilion, couldn't help but curse in a low voice, "What an rude fellow! …”

"Although this Fire Element Heavenly Seed is one of the best treasures in the Thunder Valley of our forged swords, if it can be subdued by you, it cannot be given to you."

. Mobile version update fastest URL: