Chapter Vol 2 782: Mystical Creatures

"Crash!" Xiao Yan and Xiu Qi left the main force. Not long after that, the blue water surface undulated violently. The huge pressure caused the two of them to change their expressions slightly, and they had to stop moving forward. Quite helpless.

"The closer you get to directly below the three islands, the bigger the waves seem, and the waves contain extremely powerful pressure. It's really strange." Xiao Yan and Xiu Qi were also enveloped by the huge flames, and they were not caught in the fire. Any trace of water touched, but looking at the huge water curtain in front of him, he said slowly. .

"This place should be approaching the entrance of the island." Xiu Qi raised her head and glanced directly above, and suddenly said.

At this time, the two of them reached directly below the three islands after swimming dozens of meters, but the two did not act rashly at this time, because they found out that the temperature of the ocean here is different from other places!

And most importantly, Xiao Yan actually felt an extremely frightening wave from the deep sea at the bottom of the three islands.

"Have you found it too?" Xiu Qi said in a deep voice, and then her entire body hid her breath without revealing it at all.

"If you want to enter the three islands, it seems that you have to pass under the islands, and there seems to be something under the island that is eyeing." Xiao Yan said softly, his voice full of vigilance!

At this time, Xiao Yan is the soul power of the Emperor Realm level Small Perfection. In addition to the strength of Sheng Yan and the Six-Star Dou Emperor Perfection, the things below can actually make him feel dangerous. This is not an ordinary horror.

"Since you've already come, why don't you go and have a look?"

"Don't worry, even if it is invincible, I have enough confidence to get out." Xiao Yan smiled.

"That space teleportation just now?" Xiu Qi immediately stared at Xiao Yan with interest.

Since ancient times, space attributes were as rare as alchemists, so Xiu Qi admired Xiao Yan's ability to master such advanced fighting skills.

"Don't look at me, although that kind of space fighting skill is good for teleportation, it also has some drawbacks." Xiao Yan said.

"That guy's strength is terrifying, I'm afraid it's comparable to the eight-star Dou Emperor level."

"How's it going, are you confident?" Xiu Qi finished speaking, but she didn't have the slightest hint of fear, and even felt a little eager to try.

"As expected, he is an outstanding disciple of Wanhua Pavilion, this courage..." Xiao Yan shook his head slightly.

"You can give it a try." The next moment, Xiao Yan said something to Xiu Qi.

"Let's go!" Seeing that Xiao Yan had no intention of retreating, Xiu Qi laughed immediately. From the past few days of getting along, Xiu Qi has vaguely understood Xiao Yan's personality, but now hearing from Xiao Yan's mouth, he can't help but feel a little bit. be surprised.

"嘁偁嘁!" The two of them swam slowly, observing the surrounding situation at any time with every step they took. If something went wrong, they would immediately take action.

"By the way, my combat power in the water is much worse." Suddenly, Xiao Yan scratched his head and said a few words, obviously embarrassed.

"I know, the fire attribute, water overcomes fire."

"And I happen to be of the wind attribute, so let's take a look at me." Xiu Qi naturally knew Xiao Yan's unspeakable concealment, and immediately explained.

After all, the Incense Pavilion is almost all fire-type, so the combat effectiveness in this deep sea must be weakened.

"Get ready, we're going to enter right below the island." Xiu Qi's face was gloomy, and she looked rather vigilant.

"Yes." Xiao Yan responded, and immediately became equally vigilant!

"Boom boom boom!" Just when the two had just stepped into the first step below the island, a deafening roar suddenly sounded!

"Not good!" Xiao Yan was shocked when he saw this, this terrifying roar actually caused Xiao Yan to have a word of fear from his soul!

"Retreat!" Xiu Qi also knew that when they entered rashly, some creature must have been disturbed, so she opened her mouth slightly.

"Shabu Shabu!" Just as Xiao Yan and the others were escaping quickly, a hundred-zhang-sized water column suddenly burst out from the depths of the deep sea, and the target of the attack was the two of them!

"Wind Shield!" Seeing this, Xiu Qi immediately let out a coquettish cry, and then an invisible wind wall appeared directly in front of the two of them, trying to intercept the terrifying water column!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying water column just hit Xiu Qi's wind wall, and Xiu Qi suddenly felt a huge pressure hit, and even his own wind wall could barely support!

"The fire is coming!" Xiao Yan endured the discomfort, Di Yan suddenly burst out, and then went towards the water column!

The power of the water column at this time has been blocked a lot by Xiu Qi's wind wall, and now it is just about to break Xiu Qi's wind wall, but it is attacked by Xiao Yan's sudden flame, and then it turns into a stream of water and dissipates in the air. in the ocean.

"Damn!"

"This guy is very strong!" Xiu Qi immediately felt the power of that mysterious creature and snorted.

"I'm not afraid of the sky, I'm not afraid of the earth, I never imagined that my hands and feet would be bound in this ocean." Xiao Yan immediately wanted to cry, but there were no tears.

In this special ocean, Xiao Yan's Emperor Yan and Sheng Yan's strength was greatly reduced, probably only half of their usual power, which made Xiao Yan, who has always been known for violence, uncomfortable.

"Be careful, it hasn't left yet." Although the flame power was limited, Xiao Yan's keen soul power was not limited at all, and immediately spoke to Xiu Qi.

"I know!"

"Look at me!"

"The shelter of the wind!" At the next moment, a white hurricane slowly formed under Xiu Qi. The white hurricane had just formed. Immediately, the two of them were in it, as if they had a natural barrier protection.

"So strong." Xiao Yan watched the white hurricane around him cut off the ocean around him, and immediately regained his peak. Team Xiuqi's evaluation was at a higher level!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

I don't know what mysterious power has been added to this ocean, so that they can't step in the air, and it's quite cold, but at this time, Xiu Qi's hurricane actually opened up a small space of ten meters between the two of them~www. mtlnovel.com~ All the seawater in this space has been pumped out!

"Boom boom boom!" With Xiu Qi doing this, the mysterious creature in the depths seemed to be provoked, and immediately shouted, ten more vicious water columns shot up from the deep sea. Its power is stronger than that of the water column just now!

"Let me come!" Seeing Xiu Qi getting ready to start, Xiao Yan laughed.

Just now, he was in the deep sea water, and the power of his flame was limited by the sea water, but now the sea water around the two has been isolated by Xiu Qi's hurricane, Xiao Yan at this time can be said to be the real peak!

"Great Heaven's Good Fortune Palm!" Xiao Yan sneered, smashing the two water columns with one palm, and then without hesitation, the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler behind him suddenly showed an extremely hot wave, and immediately launched an attack!

"Seven layers of breaking the sky, the first foot, the second foot, the third foot, and the fourth foot!" Not long after, Xiao Yan held the ancient ruler of strange fire, and four monstrous flames burst out suddenly, following Xiao Yan's attack like this , the ten water columns were all taken down.

"I can't tell that this guy is still a bit strong." Seeing Xiao Yan being so fierce, Xiu Qi immediately praised him without being nervous.

Although the ten water column attacks of this mysterious creature were ferocious, with Xiu Qi's strength in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, it was naturally not difficult to deal with.

With the destruction of ten water columns, the water surface suddenly shook violently, and then many bubbles emerged, as if something big was about to appear, and even the temperature of the whole body plummeted!

Ask for tickets!