Chapter 58: The light of the moon!

"Damn! This guardian's strength is so strong!"

Yueru also found some clues when she was constantly dealing with the gray guardian. The guardian seemed to be weak every time he attacked, and he did not attack his vital points, and there was a crucial problem. It seems that The strength of this guardian is more and more brave?

It stands to reason that a normal person will become weaker and weaker as the battle time gets longer and longer. Why is this guardian like this...

Before Yueru had time to think about it, a new round of attacks from the Gray Guardian came whistling again.

"Breakthrough!"

When De Yueru was dealing with the gray guardian, Liu Yin was so weak and tired that she was on the ground. There was a hint of pity in the eyes of a huge ice beast, as if she was distressed for her master, and then she spread her wings to face The gray guardian attacked and left in the field!

Pieces of ice blue feathers fell off the wings of the ice giant beast, and whizzed away at the gray guardian!

Yueru and the Grey Guardian face each other with their palms!

The terrifying ice-blue feather also arrived at this moment.

"Boom boom boom!"

The gray guardian didn't pay much attention to the attack of this ice giant beast, and then a silver light shield appeared on the surface of his body, covering his entire body!

According to what the gray guardian thought, the icy blue feathers attacked his lightning shield and stopped, and then the energies shattered each other's bottom line, but a strange scene came out.

The ice-blue feathers became very sharp as the speed increased, and the feathers carried an amazing cold air. The feathers actually passed through the light shield of the gray guardian and attacked the gray guardian directly!

The ice blue feather attacked through the light shield and landed on the gray guardian. Immediately, small ice cubes appeared on the guardian's body where the feathers attacked.

"Bang bang bang!"

The gray guardian obviously did not expect that the feather attack of this icy giant beast would be so powerful that it could break through his own defense, and his aura instantly increased, which feathers were as sharp as bows and arrows, and the feathers attached to him were shattered. .

"Puff puff!"

The ice cubes condensed by the icy blue feathers were shattered by the gray guardian.

Even the gray guardians didn't notice that these shattered ice-blue feathers turned into tiny pieces and fell into this wide hall. With the delay of time, even breathing became difficult, and the grudges were too strong. There has been some slowness in both cohesion and use.

"This little beast is really not easy."

The attentive Yueru was also shocked by the gray guardian in an instant. She took a few steps back to stabilize her figure, and immediately discovered the power of Liu Yin's little beast.

Later, Yueru also turned her head and glanced at Xiao Yan, and found that the latter was at a critical point at this time. Immediately, the mysterious rune on her forehead also slowly lit up.

"This is the only way now."

"Xiao Yan, thank you for helping me so much, and now if you break through, leave it to me."

"It's time for me to protect you after taking care of you for so long. Anyway, I'll accept the inheritance when I go back this time..."

Yueru also looked at Xiao Yan and smiled, and then Mei Mu glanced around, and found that a monstrous situation broke out in every battle circle. They also knew that as time went by, these things in front of them The strength of the guardians is almost restored. Once the strength of these guardians is restored, they will be the powerhouses of the four-star fighting emperor level. At that time, the horror will be reluctant to bear this great fortune and only withdraw.

After all, the four-star Dou Emperor was a world away from their three-star Dou Emperor.

Yueru seemed to be muttering something, and the mysterious rune on her forehead also lit up at this moment, and Yueru showed her hands open.

Circles of pure white as jade energy emanated from Yueru's forehead, and the breath made people feel as pure as the moon in the sky, full of ancient flavors.

In the field, the gray guardian and the ice-blue giant beast were constantly attacking, and they were suddenly attracted by Yueru's shocking aura.

"The light of the bright moon?"

"How can it be!"

The gray guardian's pupils shrank, and then he looked at Yueru with a bit of fear in his mouth.

She also recognized what was on Yueru's forehead at a glance.

"What it is?"

At this time, Liu Yin was also weakly looking at Yue Ru, who was getting stronger and stronger. She was puzzled why Yue Ru contained such terrifying and powerful power in her body.

"The light of the bright moon?"

The Golden Dragon King looked at Yueru and said in surprise.

"Master, what is the light of the bright moon?" Although Xiao Yan was in the process of breaking through, he was also curious. There are too many puzzles in this Dou Di Continent that troubled Xiao Yan, and he could only seek a solution from his master, the Golden Dragon King.

"The light of the bright moon, it is rumored that it is a power left by Fairy Moon in the world. After possessing the bright moon, you can pass some inheritance, and if you have the opportunity, you can get the true inheritance of Fairy Moon!"

"However, this phenomenon is very rare. It is not these things that can really get Fairy Moon's inheritance."

The Golden Dragon King said indifferently.

"The Fairy Moon?"

Xiao Yan was also surprised that anyone in this world who can be compared with immortals is a strong one, fighting immortals!

The real peak powerhouse of the important party!

Surprised but still surprised, Xiao Yan is still quiet, he can't be too ambitious, let's break through to the middle stage of the Three-Star Dou Di to solve the problem in front of him.

"Xiao Yan, you are a good boy. First you are the angel family, and then the Bright Moon Fairy. It seems that all this proves something." The Golden Dragon King said in a voice that only he could hear Yueru's body continued to emit some pure white light from her forehead, and the power contained in that pure white light was pure and flawless, just like a newborn baby.

But the guardians present knew that the terrifying power contained in this seemingly pure white light, even if they recovered to their peak, would not be enough to fight.

When the moonlight wrapped the whole Yueru in circles, Yueru's breath changed drastically.

Originally, Yueru, who was somewhat elegant and silent, exuded a gentle aura. Since that light possessed her body, she exuded a cold and pure power.

Bei's lips slightly opened, and his whole body was surrounded by bright moonlight-like rays of light, like an immortal descending from the earth, not eating fireworks from the world.

"one move."

She said something plain, and then she saw Yueru turned into a moon, and went straight through the gray guardian.

"Puff puff!"

"Damn!"

The gray guardian also vomited blood at this moment, obviously seriously injured, and then turned into three rays of light and injected into Xiao Yan, Yueru, and Liu Yin.

The three of them also knew that this was an immortal-level fighting skill, but they didn't have time to understand it carefully.

At this moment, the people in the hall also know that the battle here is also decided at this moment.

Then Yueru was so weak that she was about to fall to the ground.

"Leave the rest to me."

A gentle voice appeared, followed by a figure supporting Yueru who was about to fall.

Obviously, after using the power that does not belong to oneself, it will bring no small sequelae.

Yueru also saw that the young man in front of him was carrying a heavy ruler and was surrounded by flames.

​​