Chapter 570: Battle of the Strong!

"Go!" Immortal Master Madwood suddenly drank, and his figure moved!

"Okay!" Seeing this, Yan, as an old partner with Immortal Madwood for many years, immediately understood what Immortal Madwood wanted to do!

"Humph!" The Gorefiend Zuowei snorted coldly, and the extremely evil red Gorefiend Qi suddenly burst out of his body, forming a dark space around his body!

"Mu Zhixi!" Immortal Master Crazy Wood suddenly drank, and suddenly blue-colored Dou Qi burst out from his body!

As soon as Immortal Master Crazy Wood's voice fell, many huge trees suddenly grew wildly under the feet of the Gorefiend Left Guard!

The trees are like giant trees in the sky, their power is extremely terrifying, and there are so many that it is probably the first time Xiao Yan has seen them!

"Boom boom boom!" Gorefiend left guard's speed is extremely fast!

After such a huge tree grew crazily just now, he fled quickly, because he knew that the wood attribute power of this Mad Wood Immortal Master was extremely famous.

"Where to run!" Immortal Master Madwood laughed loudly, and then the sound disappeared instantly, and when it appeared the next moment, he came to the left guard of the Gorefiend!

The calm palm was instantly launched, as if it had a strong aura that destroyed the sky and the earth, and suddenly slapped on the Gorefiend Left Guard's body-protecting Gorefiend figure!

"Boom!" Immortal Master Crazy Wood immediately took a few steps back, and then something changed rapidly in his hand, but looking at the Left Guard of the Gorefiend, the blood demon energy in his body was actually caused by Immortal Master Crazy Wood. Very embarrassed!

"You are courting death!" Gorefiend Left Guard immediately burst into anger!

This blood demon energy is something only the powerhouses of their blood demon clan can use, and it is unexpected that this mad wood immortal master will destroy it so easily!

"The Imprisonment of Wood!"

Immortal Master Crazy Wood doesn't care how the Gorefiend Left Guard roars. After all, the two have been enemies for many years, and they are quite familiar with each other's temperament and methods!

Immortal Master Crazy Wood knew that if he didn't destroy the blood demon qi of the Gorefiend Left Guard immediately, it would probably have a great impact on their attacks!

"Shabu Shabu!" Behind Immortal Master Madwood, the tops of countless giant tree branches in the sky were facing the Gorefiend Left Guard. The tops of the branches had an astonishing cold glow, and the next moment they suddenly burst into the place where the Gorefiend Left Guard was. And go!

With such terrifying speed and destructive power, I am afraid that most people will stab into a honeycomb!

"Fire!" It's just that Immortal Master Mad Wood knew that this Gorefiend Left Guard didn't fall so easily, and immediately pressed the weakness in his body, facing the rock road.

"Gulu!" Yan Wenyan said that the reason why he didn't do anything was because of the body-protecting blood demon energy on the Gorefiend Left Guard, which was quite a headache.

But now it has been destroyed by Immortal Master Crazy Wood with his special wood attribute power, so Yan can also use his power to deal with the Gorefiend Left Guard with confidence!

The next moment, a flame wrapped in khaki rock slowly appeared on Yan's palm.

The flames are wrapped in khaki rocks, like flowers waiting to be planted!

"Go!" Yan controlled the power of the holy flame in his hand, and then suddenly threw it viciously towards the Gorefiend Left Guard who was attacked by countless trees!

"Bang bang bang!" With the addition of the power of holy flame, the countless trees seemed to be ignited, and a purifying aura that was isolated from the world suddenly spread out from the center of the Gorefiend Left Guard!

The power of holy flame, destroying the sky and destroying the earth!

The power of wood attribute, attack and defense in one!

This is the seamless cooperation between Mad Wood Immortal Master and Yantian!

"This Mad Wood Immortal Master is really a genius... The alchemist has both fire and wood attributes since ancient times. He uses the power of wood attributes to make the power of holy flame more splendid, or I can try it in the future." Xiao Yan looked at the field. The fiery battle immediately opened his mouth slightly.

"Hehe, just you?"

"Don't even think about it, this attribute can only be manifested if it reaches the level of Dou Xian. Emperor Dou's words have no attribute at all." Long Yi said disdainfully.

Indeed, Dou Di practice is mostly for condensing the Dou Core and changing his Dou Qi, plus the power of birth and death, there is really no attribute to say!

"..." Xiao Yan rolled his eyes helplessly.

"However, although there is holy flame on this rock, after all, the holy flame crystal is not there. There is only one holy flame soul seed, which is not enough to exert the full power of holy flame."

"And I always feel that this Gorefiend Left Guard doesn't seem to be so simple, it seems to be breathing to hide his strength." Long Yi said suspiciously.

"What?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words, but his heart was extremely heavy!

The three people in this duel arena, whether it is the left guard of the extraterritorial evil race Gorefiend, or the Mad Wood Immortal Master and Sheng Yanyan, this is not something that they can handle. !

Although Immortal Master Crazy Wood is only a residual soul body, his strength is enough to make Xiao Yan feel chills!

"Look step by step!"

"The Holy Flame is right in front of me, I still don't believe it..." Xiao Yan could not help clenching his fists, the desire to become stronger was born again in his heart!

"Don't worry, it's me too."

"The Golden Dragon King is the person I respect the most. As a disciple of the Golden Dragon King, I will naturally spare no effort to help you!" Long Yi laughed, with a hint of love in his voice.

"En." Hearing this, Xiao Yan did not feel happy, because the premise of everything still needs his own strength, and others will not blindly help him!

"His grandma's!"

"It's really not good. I still have the Soul Eater Talisman, the clan mark and the three mysterious transformations of the sky fire...even the strange fire." Xiao Yan said calmly.

Although this Fighting Immortal powerhouse is extremely fearful, Xiao Yan is confident that even if he dies, he will be able to pull him down!

"This dueling field should have been created by the Mad Wood Immortal Master when he was at his peak Unless someone dies in it, no one can enter in this life or this life." Shan Ling said slightly, obviously for this dueling field, more or less Or know less.

"The battle seems to be over?" Just as Xiao Yan and the others were concentrating on their conversation, the battle in the dueling field suddenly changed!

Where the Gorefiend Left Guard was, the ground, the sky, and the terrifying tree strips in all directions attacked him frantically with a fierce aura!

With the addition of Holy Flame, the terrifying aura above this tree bar made the Left Guard of the Gorefiend feel a little cold!

"damn it!"

"I don't know how the Gorefiend is now, why can't I feel his breath?"

"And the one who was suppressed by Saint Flame Crystal... Why did his aura disappear?"

"Except for the holy flame, there is nothing that can kill us in this great world. There is only one holy flame here. What is going on here?"

However, the depression returned to depression. Within the Gorefiend Left Guard, a wave of evil and terrifying aura continued to emerge, and then resisted the wood attribute attack of the Crazy Wood Immortal Master!

"Boom boom boom!" With the addition of Sheng Yan, the Left Guard of the Gorefiend clearly felt that the Left Guard of the Gorefiend in his body was extremely afraid, and even the Left Guard of the Gorefiend struggled to mobilize the Gorefiend Qi in his body!

"Damn!"

"Let's escape from this arena first, these two are now... too strong!" Even the Gorefiend Left Guard, who was arrogant and disdain to escape, had to admit the horror of the two and immediately retreated. Immortal Master Crazy Wood has used the power of holy flame to seal for so many years, and his own strength has also dropped a lot! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: