Chapter Vol 4 920: Ghost blood column, suppress!

"What a gloomy aura..." Fen Tian, ​​who was in his own domain, directly dispelled his attack, put away the dagger, and stared vigilantly at the ghost in the dark night.

Fen Tian naturally knew very well about the ghosts of the dark night.

They are connected to a certain continent in the ghost world three days away.

The continent is called the Blood River Continent, and it is also a high-level plane, but because there are many disputes in the ghost world, and resources are scarce on this continent, so the ghosts entrenched on this continent are very important to Xuan Santian. This very fertile land is very jealous.

On the Blood River Continent, the strongest are the three ghost immortals. The three ghost immortals tried their best to devour their Xuanling Continent. Fortunately, they were discovered by the powerhouses of Xuan Santian. Set up a seal at the junction with the Blood River Continent to prevent the invasion of ghosts.

But even so, the seal was loosened a little under the succession of countless ghosts. In this regard, every few thousand years, the three ghost immortals on the Blood River Continent in the ghost world attack Xuantiantian with countless ghosts. of.

However, after so many years, no matter how fierce the three ghost immortals on the Blood River Continent attacked, they were stopped by the super sect of Xuan Santian, although the super sect of Xuan Santian also paid a heavy price.

And the dark night ghost in front of him is one of the three ghosts on the Blood River Continent. Although it ranks last, no one dares to underestimate it!

After all, this guy's strength is comparable to that of a human being at the level of perfection.

"Burning the sky."

"Dare to take a blow from me!" At this time, in the realm, Dark Night Ghost Immortal was surrounded by black robes, and the voices of mourning continued to echo, and then Dark Night Ghost Immortal directly dragged the huge black pillar, facing Fen Tian. Open your mouth slowly.

"Hmph, why don't you dare!" Fen Tian snorted coldly, and then spoke directly, without concealing the domineering in his voice.

"Ghost Blood Pillar!"

"Suppress this immortal!" As soon as the voice fell, the dark night ghost's ferocious voice resounded throughout the formation!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Gulugulu!" With the dark night ghosts drinking so loudly, on top of the black giant pillars, a stream of black liquid like bubbles kept squirming, extremely strange!

Not long after, the huge black pillar was actually under the control of Dark Night Ghost Immortal, and shot towards Fen Tian who was in the realm. Wherever the black pillar passed, even Fen Tian's comprehension was faint. Trembling, as if it would shatter at any moment!

"Ghost Blood Pillar?"

"Good guy!"

"Remember that this attack was actually killing a fighting fairy from a certain sect in Xuantian." Xuanxin, who was on the side, was obviously unable to deal with Fen Tian. At this time, he could only watch the attack of Dark Night Ghost Immortal and slapped his tongue in praise. road.

"Gui Ming blood pillar..." Fen Tian spoke slowly, in his own domain, and Fen Tian knew every move of the Dark Night Ghost Immortal and Xuan Xin below.

When the black giant pillar just appeared, Fen Tian felt an extremely majestic ghost energy from it!

Ghost qi is a kind of power that only ghosts can cultivate and condense. It is similar to emperor qi and the power of life and death, but ghost qi is more gloomy. If it enters the human body, it will undoubtedly erode human strength and form dark wounds, resulting in strength. not forward.

"Gululu!" With the urging of the ghosts of the dark night, the black giant pillar turned into a ghostly blood pillar!

Naturally, Fen Tian had already heard about the reputation of the Ghost Blood Pillar.

The next moment, watching the attack that swept towards him slowly, Fen Tian's pupils exuded an extremely hot wave, and then the corner of his mouth smiled slightly.

"Although the ghost blood column is powerful, it is."

"You want to suppress me with this?"

"It seems..."

"Unlikely!" When Fentian's last word just fell, in the entire field, the fiery red flame of Shengyanzihuo suddenly erupted from Fentian's body, and Fentian at this time was like a volcano erupting!

"Holy Flame Fire!"

"Holy Flame Spirit!" After a while, Fentian gave off a strange smile as the field was filled with the power of the scorching Holy Flame, and then those fiery red flames turned out to be in the dark night ghost fairy and Xuanyuan. In the case of stunned, slowly began to merge together...

"This guy's understanding of Sheng Yanzihuo is actually so deep." Rao Yixuan Xin's arrogance, seeing Fen Tian's methods, he couldn't help but say.

Xuanxin is naturally a fire attribute cultivator, but for Xuanxin, who also possesses the fire of Saint Yanzi, if he wants to achieve this step of burning the sky, it will take a lot of time.

"Gathering spirits!" After a while, Fen Tian's majestic voice slowly emanated from his comprehension.

And with Fentian like this, the flames slowly fused together, and then formed a huge flame lion with a body of a hundred meters in size!

The flaming giant lion has a silver appearance, strong and powerful limbs, and the huge power that is looming, so that the strong immortal warriors dare not underestimate it, but the only drawback is that the giant lion's eyes are closed.

The flame giant lion was just formed, and the power of Fentian's domain was greatly weakened. Obviously, Fentian used a lot of power in order to condense this guy.

"It seems that the Fenxiang Pavilion's pavilion master's use and perception of flames is deeper than mine." Xiao Yan took Mu Yingying to hide to the side, seeing Fentian doing this, he couldn't help but be surprised.

Because Fen Tian is not a pharmacist, and to form such a powerful flame creature, he relies on real power, and Xiao Yan may also be able, but it relies on soul power. Besides, even if Xiao Yan fuses, the power Compared with the flame giant lion in front of him, it is also much weaker.

Just as Xiao Yan was looking at the giant flaming lion in the sky wholeheartedly, the blue flames suddenly burst out of Mu Yingying's body uncontrollably, and immediately sent out a very strange aura towards the void above the silver statue.

And Mu Yingying felt this strange aura couldn't help turning her beautiful eyes, then looked at the slightly collapsed void above the silver statue, and muttered at the corner of her mouth: "Where..."

"Has a brother's breath..."

On the other side!

"This guy!" Seeing this, Dark Night Ghost Immortal's face hidden under the black robe couldn't help beating violently. The flame giant lion continued to be under a lot of pressure. After all, with Dark Night Ghost Immortal's perception, naturally it was not It is difficult to find that this flaming giant lion is not only condensed by the holy flame fire in Fen Tian's body, but also seems to have the power of the domain, plus Fen Tian's understanding of flames.

But in this regard, Dark Night Ghost also snorted coldly, obviously ready to gamble!

Although Fentian's flaming giant lion is powerful, his own attack may not necessarily be lost!

"The anger of the flame lion!" Fen Tian smiled confidently, a mouthful of bright red blood suddenly poured into the flame giant lion's body, and then the flame giant lion's pupils slowly opened, like an ancient primordial beast slowly awakening.

As the flame giant lion's pupils opened, everyone on the seventh floor of the underground palace, including the dark night ghost master, felt a vague aura of heaven and earth, and the emanator of this aura was the flame giant in front of him. lion!

"Boom boom boom!" The flame giant lion opened his pupils, and then looked at the gloomy ghost pillar, and without waiting for Fen Tian to speak, he jumped suddenly, and swept away directly towards the ghost blood pillar.

Twenty more will be delivered!

Happy reading everyone Don't be too busy to cast all kinds of votes~