Chapter Vol 4 2095: Insufficient energy, unable to melt pills!

"Yao Yichen, Shen Hong, Soul Mu, Ling Zixi, these four are probably all sprinting towards the most terrifying rank of the seventh rank of the immortal rank, they are really ambitious, but that level of thunder tribulation is also powerful. Can't be underestimated, do they have something to rely on?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but glanced at the figures in the other nine peaks with the help of the corner of the light, and said.

Among the nine peaks, he only knew these four people, and the strong fluctuations in the medicine cauldron of these four people, although there was no turbulence in his own cauldron, but it was one of the few forces that could attract Xiao Yan's attention, so Xiao Yan was under pressure. soared.

After refining the medicinal materials, Xiao Yan's fighting qi actually became sluggish, even in this mountain range, because of the interference of the original forbidden power, plus the thunder calamity emerging one after another, the energy of heaven and earth in the entire mountain range spirit valley It was terrifyingly thin, and Xiao Yan was also a little worried, worried that there would be a crisis in the middle of refining medicine pills. After all, refining medicine pills also required extremely majestic fighting spirit support.

"With the existence of a trace of holy energy, it should be able to be reluctant to become a pill, and let it jump from the quasi-sacred step to the real holy-rank pill." Xiao Yan comforted himself, and did not think about the eighth-rank holy-rank for a while. How turbulent the thunder robbery.

"Let's start the fusion." Without any distractions, Xiao Yan closed his eyes and rested his mind. He vented the remaining fighting qi and soul power in his body, invaded the amber rock soul fire cauldron, and tightly wrapped the six groups of medicinal materials. The purpose of doing this was , Naturally, to ensure that all medicinal materials are perfectly tempered and prevent any changes.

"Since that's right, then..."

"Give me a fusion!" Xiao Yan didn't dare to be sloppy when refining the holy pill. After checking again and again, a bright and harsh voice slowly emerged.

"Tear it!" As Xiao Yan's voice fell, the six groups of medicinal materials in the fire cauldron, except for the blue liquid transformed by the neutralizing medicinal materials and the green powder tempered by the snake swallowing the amber grass, the other four groups of different colors. The liquid was controlled by Xiao Yan's power, and each was stalemate in the four corners of the medicine tripod.

That kind of feeling was like they were fighting each other and no one would obey the other. Once Xiao Yan made a rash move, he might damage the power of the four.

"I still don't believe I can't cure you!"

"Give it to me!" Xiao Yan didn't care about this, with the little soul power left, fighting qi crawls behind the four groups of liquid together, gently pushing them towards the cage in the center of the medicine cauldron.

"Tick tock." This seemingly simple action brought extremely terrifying pressure to Xiao Yan. The sweat kept dripping from his forehead, and the power in his body disappeared rapidly. It was extremely slow like a silkworm, but with such a move, a rather illusory rounded elixir appeared in the cauldron.

"Now, I know why they are not optimistic about me." At this moment, Xiao Yan also knew the reason.

The fundamental reason is its own strength.

The strength required to refine the eighth-grade holy-rank medicinal pill is at least eight-star fighting immortal. If you refine it with the perfect strength of your current seven-star fighting immortal, the success rate is probably only 1/1000, because of the huge amount of medicine needed when merging medicinal herbs. The fighting qi makes Xiao Yan very difficult now, and once the power is interrupted, this refining can only end in failure.

"It turns out that the function of this gathering peak is to gather the energy of heaven and earth in the mountains and use them for melting pills!" At a certain moment, Xiao Yan looked at the looming energy mist around the other nine peaks, and suddenly understood something. .

With Yao Yichen and others, relying on the strength that the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals can't reach, it is a fool's dream to refine the seventh-grade immortal-level pills, but the existence of Juling Peak has absorbed and gathered countless energy from heaven and earth, which is enough It has relieved a lot of pressure for them. In addition to their own strength and technology, refining the Immortal Rank Seventh Grade medicinal pills also has a chance of success, so their troubles have only changed to Thunder Tribulation.

However, no matter how tyrannical Juling Peak is, it is impossible for people to refine medicine pills by leaps and bounds. Moreover, these guys are very talented, and they cherish their lives. Naturally, they will not risk their lives to refine holy pills like Xiao Yan.

Aware of this scene, Xiao Yan frowned, thinking hard about how to break the situation.

Due to the lack of fighting qi, the energy of heaven and earth in the mountains is thin and visible and cannot be mobilized. If there is not enough energy injection, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's alchemy this time will really end in failure, but now that the medicinal materials in the cauldron have begun to fuse, naturally there is no retreat. Possibly, but Xiao Yan knew that his own strength was not enough to successfully persevere until all the medicinal materials were fused into a pill...

"Hey, it seems that this Xiao Yan also noticed his own problem. An unknown person, who has a higher heart than the sky, still wants to refine a holy pill."

"This time, God really helped me."

"Don't worry, Yanxuan, you didn't die wrongly. After all, you have made great sacrifices for many of our alchemists to prevent the title of No. 1 alchemist in the mainland from falling into the hands of an unknown generation."

"Hahaha." The soul power returned, Shen Hong's eyes became crazy, and he roared at Xiao Yan's place, watching Xiao Yan directly reduce the fusion power in the medicine cauldron to a minimum, Shen Hong knew that Xiao Yan no longer had the ability Compete with yourself.

"Weng buzzing!" After a while, the medicinal pills in his medicine cauldron also slowly merged, and a prototype medicinal pill appeared indistinctly. Suddenly, the entire sky suddenly burst into a gust of wind, lightning and thunder, and an unprecedented terrifying thunder. , fell suddenly.

"It's the Seven Profound Demon Lightning again?"

"And this time, it's still a colored magic thunder?"

"What kind of magic thunder will it be?" Many powerhouses on the altar mountain watched this scene and couldn't help but muttered while holding their breath.

Obviously, those who can draw out the Seven Profound Demonic Thunders are all immortal rank seven-grade pills, and the outcome of the outcome is determined by the color of the thunder tribulation. From one to seven colors, the higher the color of the thunder cloud, the greater the odds of winning. , of course, the premise is that the thunder calamity is induced, and it is successfully received.

"What on earth is this Xiao Yan hesitating about... Judging from his appearance, he seems to have given up?" Yao Yixuan looked at Xiao Yan's position with a puzzled face where the temperature of the flame medicine cauldron suddenly increased. Reduced, the medicinal materials in it have already begun to fuse, but there are traces of incompleteness, and the temperature in the medicine cauldron has no trace of successful fusion at all, as if Xiao Yan just used the last remaining point in order not to give up. Power to keep the flame alive.

Once the flame goes out, Xiao Yan will also end in failure.

However, Yao Yixuan's intuition and keen soul power as a woman told her that Xiao Yan should not be a guy who gives up so easily, and is there any secret in it?

"Little sister, Xiao Yan has already given up, reluctantly refining the Holy Rank medicinal pill, it is still too self-righteous."

"Next, it's our Yao family's stage." Yao Yichen looked at Xiao Yan's dejected look, and was extremely excited. Without Xiao Yan, it was almost a sure thing for him to be the first in alchemy.

"Hopefully." Yao Yixuan nodded lightly, not paying attention to Xiao Yan, but looking at other places, Ling Zixi, Hun Mu, Shen Hong, the four of them should be part of this grand ceremony the final battle.

Who will be the winner of this grand ceremony!