Chapter Vol 4 905: King of Admiralty!

"How can this guy have the power of Sheng Yanzihuo?" Dong Xuan was extremely shocked. Shengyanzihuo was one of the benefits that Xuanling King had promised himself, but watching Lingmengsheng's whistling attack, he didn't like it. Dare to stay, open his hand directly, the power of fighting immortals emerges, and a dignified expression appears on his face.

If the power of holy flame is displayed in the hands of a powerhouse of their level, I am afraid it has the power to destroy the world, and even if it is the fire of the holy flame, the terrifying power of destruction is far from ordinary things that can be compared. of.

But this time, the power that appeared in Dong Xuan's hands has changed from contempt at the beginning to the present. Obviously, Lingmengsheng's trace of Saint Yanzi's fire has put too much pressure on Dong Xuan, so Dong Xuan has to solemnly Treat it up.

"This guy has even used the power of fighting immortals. I'm afraid he is also afraid of Saint Yanzihuo of Lingmengsheng."

"However, pavilion master, when did Lingmengsheng own the fire of Shengyanzi?"

"Why don't you even know me?" Zhu Jin laughed.

"I had it a long time ago, but he never used it." Fen Tian smiled.

With the increase of Shengyanzihuo, I am afraid that Lingmengsheng really has the power to fight against Dong Xuan.

"Boom boom boom!" There were no other fluctuations on Lingmengsheng's palm, some were just the fiery red Saint Yanzi fire directly wrapping his fist, and then out of instinct, Lingmengsheng swiped heavily in front of him and hit him directly. Dong Xuan's body!

At the same time, Dong Xuan also knew that this holy flame was no child's play, so he didn't dare to neglect, put away his previous contempt, and used the power of fighting immortals directly, forming extremely dazzling rays of light in front of his body. , protect yourself in it.

Dou Di strong people have the power of life in their bodies. After the power of death is born, and after the power of life and death is integrated and intertwined, they will step into the realm of the nine-turn nine-star Dou Di.

As for Fighting Immortals, the power of life and death in the body has already been transformed into the power of fighting immortals, which is even more terrifying than the power of life and death!

The power of the power of fighting immortals, compared to the power of life and death, is tantamount to being too powerful.

"Boom boom boom!" When Ling Mengsheng's fist attacked Dong Xuan, it happened to be blocked by the power of fighting immortals on his silver robe.

It's just that everyone found that there was a very strong defense on top of the silver robe!

Rao is so, under Lingmengsheng's fearful attack, the solid defense is like glass, and there is a faint sound of shattering!

"Damn."

"The power of fighting immortals is really tyrannical." Looking at the dark green light of the silver robe on Dong Xuan's body, Ling Mengsheng immediately stopped and hurried back, and said something secretly.

Although the power of holy flame is powerful, the power of fighting immortals is also well-deserved!

"I have to say, you are very strong."

"But I'm very curious, how can you have a holy flame?" Dong Xuan seemed to take Lingmengsheng's attack casually, but it was not. The blow just now was enough to seriously injure yourself!

Watching Lingmengsheng leave, Dong Xuan spoke slowly, with a rare calmness in his voice.

"It seems that the strength of Dou Di's peak is still a little reluctant to challenge the real Dou Xian powerhouse." Seeing this, Lingmengsheng smiled slightly.

It seemed that Dong Xuan had the upper hand in the attack just now, but Ling Mengsheng also knew that Dong Xuan should not feel well when he received his own attack, but at this time Ling Mengsheng had just attacked Dong Xuan's fist, and the blood slowly flowed out. Obviously, it is not that simple to be able to get close to breaking that layer of defense.

"Why don't you hand over your holy flame to me, I'll guarantee you won't die, how about that?" A glint of greed flashed in Dong Xuan's pupils, and he opened his mouth slightly, staring at Lingmengsheng's eyes also becoming hot!

If he can get a trace of Saint Yanzi Fire, he will have absolute confidence to break through the initial stage of one-star Dou Xian. Even the Xuanling royal family will be a little polite to him. After all, the gap between each level of Dou Xian is like a gulf.

"not so good."

"If you want the Holy Flame in my body, you should take care of yourself first." After Lingmengsheng finished speaking, he flickered and walked towards the bottom of the ancient tree.

"It's stubborn." Dong Xuan snorted coldly without turning his head.

But the next moment, Dong Xuan's perception clearly felt an extremely huge power from under the ancient tree. In that power, with the power of a very tyrannical seal, even the strength of his own dignified fighting immortal felt a scalp. tingling.

"When did these immortals come up with this kind of thing..." Dong Xuan had just been entangled by Lingmengsheng, so he naturally forgot that there were four of them, not one of Lingmengsheng.

When now realizing that something was bad, the other three also appeared in Dong Xuan's line of sight.

Dong Xuan saw that Ling Mengsheng returned to the side of the three, and one of the three was weak, but among the three, two old men were sitting on the ground, and there was a dazzling power of life and death on the two old men. Slowly blended, and then some golden energy was born, and the golden energy was like an awakened dragon, with an imposing momentum.

"not good!"

"It's actually a combination of fighting skills?" The next moment, Dong Xuan's expression became very strange!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Dong Xuan clearly knew that if the golden energy on the two of them was born, he would probably have it too. He didn't dare to hesitate, his palm suddenly raised, and a black-green Dou Xian was enough to kill the four people below. The power appeared, and then the figure flashed, and roared away at the four people below!

With the birth of such a terrifying attack by Dong Xuan, Lingmengsheng and Qinglao below both felt an extremely powerful pressure, and immediately looked at each other. They were just about to stop the attack, but they were stopped by the two elders in front of them.

"Let's see." The weak information of the second old man of heaven and earth passed into Lingmengsheng and Qinglao's ears, and before the two could react, the dazzling golden energy on the second old man of that day actually materialized. Under the control of Dong Xuan, who was directly facing the roaring Dong Xuan!

"Shabu Shabu!"

"Damn bastard!"

"Go to hell!"

"Xuantian Bone Shattering Palm!" Dong Xuan came dozens of meters in front of Tiandi Er Lao Immediately, the terrifying offensive force on the palm of his hand increased sharply, and a murderous intent emerged in his pupils.

With one palm, the Immortal Fighting Power that instantly annihilated the trees, caused the space to riot slightly in the ancient trees!

"Golden Bell, Heavenly King Feng!" Facing Dong Xuan's powerful attack, the two elders of the world didn't look shocked, and then let out a slow roar.

And as the roar of the second old man of heaven and earth came out, the golden energy that emerged from the fusion of life and death from the second old man suddenly turned into a huge golden ancient bell at a speed visible to the naked eye!

On the golden ancient clock, mysterious golden runes are constantly surrounded, full of mystery.

The golden ancient bell just appeared, and the space that had been attacked by Dong Xuan and caused a riot was quieted down. The next moment, the golden giant bell shrouded Dong Xuan directly.

"Golden Bell Heavenly King Seal!"

"Suppress me!" The two elders of Heaven and Earth couldn't help but shouted loudly. Immediately, from the golden ancient bell, the power of seal suppression continued to spread out, and then directly confronted Dong Xuan.

"Xuantian Bone Shattering Hand!"

"Break it to me!" Dong Xuan's expression also showed a hint of madness!

At this point, if either of the two of them takes a half step back, they will immediately be corroded by this powerful attack, so...

Better yet, let go!

At this moment, in the inner space of the ancient tree, a golden ancient bell and a huge black-green palm are deadlocked!