Chapter Vol 4 1987: Light Jade Immortal Order vs 4 Color Fire Lotus!

"This guy is a terrifying way to control fire." At this time, the bright armor on Liu Hao's body emitted a trace of transparent energy to protect his body from the aftermath of the two explosions, the soft halo. It turned out to be refracting countless white rays of light, making this space reveal an extreme depression.

When Liu Hao saw this, he was extremely calm. No matter how noisy the two attacks in front of him were, he didn't show any emotion. It was just that the two attacks didn't last long before they exploded completely. Obviously, this was the first time they fought, and it was a draw. Closing.

Although he was a little surprised, Liu Hao knew that Xiao Yan, who was armed with holy flame and had reached the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, was definitely not so simple.

However, in order to be a winner and an antiquity to ask to see Gu Xun'er, he naturally would not let Xiao Yan defeat!

"The Seal of the Heavenly King!" At the moment when Liu Hao hesitated, Xiao Yan's body was as fast as a ghost. With the help of the space shuttle handprint, it flickered behind him after he had breathed. The power of terror is directly vented.

"Crash!" The ear-piercing energy was mixed with an ancient print, and it whistled towards Liu Hao with the momentum of thunder. At such a close distance, Liu Hao's pores became erect, and a pressure hit.

"Humph!" Liu Hao obviously did not expect that Xiao Yan's control of the battle situation had reached such a delicate step. The attack just now made him pause for a while with lingering fears, and Xiao Yanyin immediately took a hand.

"Boom!" Countless rays of light emerged from the void, falling like raindrops, and immediately echoed with the bright armor on Liu Hao's body. It turned out to be directly piercing the tyrannical king's seal!

"So terrifying?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan frowned. His figure had no time to attack, so he had no choice but to back away. Every time the raindrops of light fell on his skin, they would bring a burst of intense burning. The burning sensation made Xiao Yan slightly moved.

"If it goes on like this, it's going to be bad..." Xiao Yan's mouth narrowed slightly, and then he carefully looked at Liu Hao.

It is unceremonious to say that Liu Hao, whose strength is only in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Xian, is no different from the ordinary powerhouse at the early stage of the Eight Star Dou Xian with the blessing of the light attribute on his body!

If it weren't for Xiao Yan's fear of some unknown powerhouses in the ancient world and the guardians of the seventh peak today, I am afraid that Xiao Yan would have used his real power to kill Liu Hao.

"Since you don't move, you have to be careful!" Liu Hao was full of anger, and the countless light spots slowly squirmed, and instantly turned into an extremely powerful light sword on his arm!

The light sword's body was milky white, and a power as pure as the morning sun swept out, not to mention the unquestionable majesty on it, showing the endless holiness.

"Qiangqiang!" The light sword swung slowly, and the sound of friction and collision with the air came one after another. There was even a trace of cold killing intent in Liu Hao's eyes, which was obviously provoked by Xiao Yan!

Liu Hao's figure was as frivolous as dust, with a little toes, like a monster, waving a light sword, stabbing at Xiao Yan.

That kind of aura, the tyrannical power radiating from the light sword, was invincible.

"The light attribute really lives up to its reputation..."

"Four fingers in the sky, three fists of good fortune!" Xiao Yan looked solemn, of course there was no trace of fear, his hands and fists simultaneously radiated profound energy, which was already ready to go!

"Dong dong dong!" A deafening voice continued to sound, and energy ripples rippling out!

"Crash!" After the blink of an eye, all of Xiao Yan's attacks actually landed on the blade of the light sword, the blade slashed, and Xiao Yan's seemingly tyrannical four-fingered three fists shattered instantly. .

"Battle skills..." At this moment, Xiao Yan was powerless to shake his head. Obviously, the fighting skills he had learned now seemed to be a little bit behind his own pace, and he had to hurry up to fill the vacancy.

The Seven Star Fighting Immortals and the Eight Star Fighting Immortals had already mastered the Immortal Technique, but Xiao Yan only had one defensive quasi Immortal Technique.

"Boy, fall!" Seeing Xiao Yan giving up his resistance, Liu Hao shouted, his toes were a little bit, and he directly used his leg strength to lift into the air and kill Xiao Yan.

The sound of shouting and killing is incessant, and it is frightening!

"Hmph... You Mingtian is stunned!" And just when Liu Hao thought the victory was in his hands, a crisp cry swept out.

"Not good!" Liu Hao is not a vegetarian either. When he noticed this strange sound, his figure retreated, and countless fighting qi formed an energy barrier around him, trying to resist it!

"Pick me up!" Xiao Yan would definitely not miss this great opportunity, he suddenly collapsed forward, and immediately held his breath and pushed out with one palm!

Suddenly, an overwhelming terrifying energy swept across, and Xiao Yan's figure was shot out by Xiao Yan. If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's armor, Xiao Yan's attack would be enough to really hurt his tendons. Move your bones!

"It's still a bit strong, but next, I'll see how you deal with it!"

"Light Jade Immortal Order!" A cold snort roared, Liu Hao was surrounded by a beam of thousands of meters, firmly shrouded Even the countless energies in the entire void quieted down and slowly moved closer to him.

The splendid brilliance rose into the sky, the entire battlefield shook violently, and the void collapsed, making people's blood in the body become hot.

"This time, I'll see how you deal with it!" Liu Hao said with a slight smile, walking steadily towards Xiao Yan, the light beam above his head gradually narrowed, and once the oval light with the word "light" was engraved on it, the , hanging on it, even if it is illuminated by the light of this light, a loss of mind will destroy both body and spirit!

"How can fighting skills at the peak of the holy rank still trigger such a vision..." Xiao Yan's eyes flickered with fire, his hands clasped together, a round of fiery flames, like a volcanic eruption, quietly surrounded Xiao Yan's body. The extremely hot flames completely shrouded Xiao Yan's body, like an elf dancing in the fire, which is quite strange.

"This time, you will only fail!"

"I am the only winner!"

"Pfft!" Liu Hao's expression was solemn, and he immediately tried his best to remove the circular light order hanging above his head. An endless bright breath burst out from his pupils. Immortal Ling projected towards Xiao Yan!

At that time, the void trembled, countless energy dissipated, and even Xiao Yan's body became solidified because of this energy.

"Four-color Buddha is angry and reincarnated!"

"Give it to me!" Xiao Yan was smiling, but he released a calm, fearless expression!

"Boom!" The four-color fire lotus and Guangyu Xianling bombarded together, and the entire battlefield was shattered, and scenes of terrifying aura swept out!

This move will clearly divide the final winner from the loser!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: