Chapter Vol 4 1355: Ghost White Puppet!

"Strange, this guy from the Xieguang Gang, the aura in his body doesn't seem right?" Looking at Xiao Yan and the man with white bandages in the sky, who were arguing with swords, Du Qifei immediately saw the aura of the man with white bandages in his beautiful eyes. Immediately noticed something was wrong.

"Fei'er, have you felt it too?" The next moment, Liu Qing, who was beside her, also raised her eyebrows. Because she is a light element, she has an extremely strong perception of evil and dark forces. She just saw the white bandages. After being a man, she actually caused an extremely tyrannical sense of oppression and disgust in her body. This kind of feeling can only appear in very few things.

"Let's just wait and see. Xiao Yan didn't have any intention of letting us do it. He should have noticed that this guy is not easy. He should have his own way..."

"If you lose in the end, it's not too late to take action." Looking at the extremely tyrannical pressure from the white bandaged man, Duan Qifei and Liu Qing looked at each other and said, obviously Xiao Yan's strength is not superficial. It seems so simple.

The two of them, one is the darling of the current sword-forging Thunder Valley, and the other is the high-level of the Holy See. Although the strength is not strong, if the means in their hands are fully displayed, even if they are facing the real Samsung Dou Xian, they want to break away. , is not difficult.

"Your identity should be quite special."

"I'm a little curious as to why you dare to appear in the Thunder Tomb?" Xiao Yan laughed, his voice full of confidence.

Although this guy's strength is not low, but today's own body, movement fighting skills, soul interference fighting skills are readily available, even if it is facing the real Samsung Dou Xian, it is not impossible to fight.

"Hahaha."

"It's really an arrogant guy. After I capture you, I hope you can be so sharp and sharp!" The white bandage man laughed, and then said slowly, in his eyes, Xiao Yan is with a There is no difference between the ants that are pinched to death.

"Are you digging your own grave?" Xiao Yan didn't do it the first time, he was trying to come up with some useful words.

"Humph."

"Don't think about trying to tell me what to say."

"Your strength is not weak, but you can only be my opponent."

"As for your question, you don't need to think about answering it. It won't take long before you will understand." The man in white bandage looked at Xiao Yan, but he didn't mean to run away, and even had a sense of calmness.

"Is the half-step three-star Dou Xian strength your support..."

"That's not enough." Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and the dazzling flames condensed on the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, ready to attack.

"Hahaha."

"You humans, you are indeed a group of creatures who don't know how to know the current affairs of the world!"

"If that's the case, then let you have a good feel for what fear is!" The white bandaged man raised his head and laughed loudly, and then under his footsteps, circles of white bandages broke away from his body in an instant, so he kept squirming. It was surrounded, and even after the bandage was removed, the man's human-like appearance was reflected in everyone's sight.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This guy..." Xiao Yan frowned, dazzling flames continued to emerge, and they gathered towards the surroundings. It was hard to come across a guy with an extraterrestrial aura, no matter whether he was a positive extraterrestrial or an extraterrestrial evil. Xiao Yan will not let him go easily.

"The person who forged the knife in Thunder Valley?"

"Xiao Yan?" And the figures of the mercenary trade union who were already close to falling were looking at the few people who appeared, and couldn't help but feel a passion in their hearts!

These people are the most influential figures in this Eastern Continent Rival!

"Let's go back, the battle here is beyond your ability to deal with." Liu Qing said, looking at the two who were constantly condensing the majestic momentum in the sky.

"Thank you for your help. We will naturally report this to the top of the Mercenary Union."

"Farewell!" After several figures finished speaking, their speed skyrocketed and they left.

"Hoohoo!" The strange sound of breaking wind continued to resound in the sky, and its mighty momentum even faintly compared the sound of thunder that protected the thunder tomb.

"There's really something wrong with the Evil Light Gang!" Until now, Du Qifei was finally convinced that this force might be a branch of the Evil Clan, or a human accomplice bought by the Evil Clan!

"Ghost White Puppet!"

"Come out to greet the guests!" The next moment, the white bandages beside the man with the white bandages suddenly appeared in the air with a faint blue light.

"Crash!" As the white man's voice just fell, a gloomy wind burst out in the sky, and a strange evil aura filled the air. After a while, a white puppet with a size of hundreds of feet suddenly appeared in everyone's sight. middle.

The white puppet was like an ancient mummy, and it was wrapped tightly by white bandages, with distinct limbs, a **** red flashing in the pupils, and a violent force slowly emerging from its body.

"A puppet..." Xiao Yan was bathed in fiery red flames. He still felt a cold killing intent from the white puppet. There was no doubt that the power of this puppet was probably the same as Xiao Yan's so far. The strongest one so far!

"Ghost White Puppet, do it!"

"Use your power to completely obliterate everyone here!"

"Hahaha!" Without the cover of the white bandage, a faint blue light slowly emerged from the man's body, and under this light, was a hateful evil body!

"It really is an alien race..."

"Hahaha!"

"When I defeat this puppet there are still a lot of things I need to ask you." Xiao Yan's heart became hot, this was the first time Xiao Yan had fought against a foreign evil clan after he was promoted to Dou Xian. so close!

"Boom!" The ghost white puppet is made up of white bandages, like a mummy that swells to hundreds of feet in size, but on those white bandages, bursts of evil power burst out, and a rare seal Power!

"The fire is coming!" Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, then the Dou Core in his body revolved at a high speed, and the next moment, Fen Jue also revolved extremely fast, sending a steady stream of Dou Qi to Dou Technique!

And the Dou Qi flames that have gone through the Fen Jue Cultivation Technique route are much more tyrannical than those simply drawn from the Dou Core!

But now that Xiao Yan is all about defeating this guy, he naturally didn't notice some connections between Douhe and Burning Jue.

"The flames on this guy seem to be a little abnormal?" Seeing the fiery red flames wriggling around Xiao Yan's body, for some reason, the evil man felt extremely indifferent, like a natural enemy.

"Bai Puppet, do it!" The next moment, the evil man didn't delay, and immediately started attacking with an order.

"Are you coming..."

"Let me see how strong this ghost white puppet can be!" Looking at the bandaged white puppet whistling in front of him, a strange smile appeared at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth.

. The fastest website for mobile version updates: m.