Chapter Vol 4 1667: Demon Guard of Light!

The white awn, like the first ray of sunlight before dawn, gently vented out, turning this void into a world of light.

At that time, at the core of this immortal holy Tan, countless bright auras emerge, and all other powers will be completely driven out in a flash. The aura of light is sacred and inviolable, like the goddess of light descending, purifying countless evil and filth in the world.

"Xuuuuuu!" At the same time, the figures of Xiao Yan and Yu Xiao were directly revealed by the power of the light. Obviously, Xiao Yan, who was hidden in the shadow of the Phobos ruler, and Yu Xiao, who was hidden with the help of the power of the shadow system, were directly captured. The power of light is completely shrouded, and their power is temporarily invalid.

"The demon guard under the demon of light?" The Heishan dragon wolf hidden in the dark couldn't help but be surprised.

The Demon of Light, this guy is the king recognized by the Great Thousand World, and he is also one of the best kings among the evil races outside the territory. She has an extremely elite army under her.

Demon guard.

The Demon Guard of Light, this is a supreme army that masters both the power of light and the power of evil. It is with this army that the strength of the Demon of Light is directly pushed to the ranks of the king-level powerhouses of the extraterrestrial evil race. , Among the evil tribes outside the territory, he is also quite a status, but although this guy is quite tyrannical, he has not caused too much catastrophe to the Daqian world from beginning to end, and his whereabouts are uncertain, so he is underestimated by the Daqian world powerhouses.

The ranks of the foreign evil clan are strict, and the highest-level king-level powerhouse symbolizes the strongest combat power among the foreign evil clan, and the king-level powerhouse is divided into three levels because of the subtle differences in strength.

The lowest-level foundation is the king-level powerhouse that stands among the supreme beings of the extraterritorial evil race.

The status of the king-level powerhouses varies from high to low, and since then they have been the three supreme beings above the king-level powerhouses.

The black king, the white king, and... the red king who only exists in legends!

Generally speaking, there are three levels, but these three levels are a subtle division of strength on the basis of stepping into the ranks of kings, the most basic king, and the three master levels in the future, the black king, White King, Red King!

"The demon guard under the demon of light... how is that possible?"

"Lord Li Hun didn't set up a lot of obstacles around Li Hun Territory to prevent the evil powers from outside the territory from harming us here, how could it be..." At this time, Erin Eryu covered her mouth and nose with her hands and lost her voice in surprise.

Li Soul Territory is the residence of the Lord Li Soul. There are many strong people here, and there are only a few demon guards, but they are not enough to pass the defenses of many strong people to enter here. I am afraid there is some hidden conspiracy in it.

"Damn...it's actually a demon guard!"

"This is the most elite unit of the Demon of Light, and it is said that wherever the Demon Guard goes, the Demon of Light will follow."

"Light demon... That level of powerhouse is the highest white king level among the foreign evil clan, but the existence of the level equivalent to the master of the soul is far from what we can handle." Yu Xiao figure It was displayed, and he stayed in the air, looking at the strong man surrounded by countless white lights in astonishment.

"It seems that because the masters of the four major temples have summoned the strong souls to the temple, there are some flaws in the defense, and these ants are flooded in."

"But don't worry, everyone, this guy should only be the lowest existence under the demon guard, because I think his breath is only the peak strength of the five-star fighting immortal early stage, exactly the same as us..." Deng Qing on the side said with bright eyes.

A human with white sleeves, black hair, and an ordinary appearance, but with a frenzied smile on his face, like a real demon hunter, this is the so-called demon guard.

"This time...it's interesting." Xiao Yan didn't have any worries about this, instead he felt a little calm in his heart.

At the beginning, Xiao Yan was a little worried. If the powerhouses of the five major courtyards unite against him, I am afraid that even if he owns two holy flames, he will pay a very heavy price for it. Now that there is the existence of the Devil Guard, the five major Once the strong man in the courtyard confronted him, Xiao Yan could completely hide all his means, fully retain his strength, and have a great grasp of fighting for immortality.

"Hahaha!"

"The strength of the Demon Guard is indeed well-deserved, but you forgot that this is the territory of Li Soul Territory, not a place where your extraterritorial evil clan can do whatever they want!"

"In the name of a disciple of the court, I issue a trial order to obliterate you!"

"My Holy Spirit Realm, it's not something you worms can erode!" Looking at this unruly demon guard in front of him, the corners of Deng Qing's mouth rose, and there was a golden token on his palm, like the ruler of heaven and earth. emerge. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Judgment order?" Looking at the golden token, the hearts of the five powerhouses present sank.

Once the judgment order is issued, don't dare to obey!

The trial order is exclusive to the court. Once the trial order is issued, Li Hunyu must obey the order of the issuer, and the trial order is also divided into grades. This golden trial order is obviously the lowest existence.

The three major judgment orders, the golden judgment order, are enough to mobilize all the powerhouses under the six stars.

The purple judgment order is enough to mobilize all the powerhouses below seven stars.

The red judgment order can mobilize all the power of the entire Li Soul Domain!

"Everyone, follow me to kill this flirt, and I will discuss it later." The golden judgment order flashed away, and Deng Qing said.

"Damn..." The other powerhouses were shocked when they heard the words, but they could only shake their heads unwillingly. The shock of the golden judgment order made them temporarily let go of their inner disputes. Compared with worms, there is no comparability in the slightestThe fastest updated novel https://www.mtlnovel.com~

"Do it!" As soon as the voice fell, there were seven people in the Soul Courtyard, seven people in the Earth Spirit Courtyard, and a group of strong people from the Court of Justice Judgment Court. The dazzling Dou Qi beams spread out from the body, and a terrifying offensive was brewed directly, trying to face the devil. Wei shot away.

"My lord, the strength of these powerhouses should not be underestimated." The black-robed man who had been standing quietly on the side said, this guy is obviously Mu Wushuang who arrested Xiao Zhuoma before, but now the figure of Xiao Zhuoma is unknown. trace.

"I know!"

"How long is it?" The Demon Guard who appeared in his true colors looked at the fierce offensive of the crowd, and a strange wave flashed in the corner of his eyes, and asked hurriedly.

"Sir... up to three minutes!"

"We will be able to completely crack this place, and the undead fire will be ours." The three figures in black robes tirelessly conveyed mysterious power to the towering ancient tree, and immediately said somewhat powerless.

"three minutes……"

"Mu Wushuang, get ready."

"If you guys fail this time, once the master blames me, I'm afraid I won't be able to keep you all." The Demon Guard said meaningfully.

"Sir, I understand!" Hei Pao Mu Wushuang heard the words, and his body suddenly shook. He heard that although the light demon is a first-class female class, its strength is sky-high, and the means of torturing people can be described as...

"Devil guard... I hope you don't let me down." Xiao Yan licked the corners of his mouth and directly planned to attack the demon guard, but the mere power of the four-star fighting immortal middle stage, coupled with Xiao Yan did not use all his strength , at this time and a errand general.

But in the next moment, the dazzling attacks of the Demon Guard and the other powerhouses from the five major courtyards gathered together!

At this moment, the real world pales in color!