Chapter 89: Blood Curse 7 and more!

"Boom boom boom!"

The terrifying milky white ruler glow and fiery red sword glow finally exploded completely.

A circle of ripples spread from the place where the milky white ruler awn and the fiery red sword awn meet.

The originally silent mountain range of beasts is also bursting into flames at this moment!

The roars and roars of the sky are constantly coming from all directions!

In the Demonic Beast Mountains, Xiao Yan's figure also quickly retreated. At the same time as he retreated, a delicate jade bottle appeared in his hand. There were several exquisite medicinal pills in the jade bottle, and he quickly stuffed the medicinal pills into his mouth. In the middle of the game, he successively used the Buddha's Fury Fire Lotus and the most terrifying seven-layered sky-breaking ruler, which was also quite a huge consumption for him, and at the same time, he also used his soul power to condense the "Huangquan Tianwu", taking advantage of Wu Huan. When resisting the terrifying chimans that couldn't sense the surrounding situation, it quietly exerted and detonated the power of Baizhang radiance that broke the sky.

In the fierce battle, Xiao Yan's sudden anger caused Wu Huan's soul to be attacked viciously, so he was sluggish for a second, and then Wu Huan could have escaped from the center of the explosion. This soul attack was wrong. At this time, Wu Huan was also completely swept by Xiao Yan into the most destructive area.

After Xiao Yan's several attacks, even a strong man who has truly reached the four-star Dou Di, will definitely fall into serious injuries if he is caught off guard. Xiao Yan knew all about the power of one, one specifically attacked the soul, and the other possessed a destructive power like destruction. The three combined into one, the power was terrifying...

The storm was like a natural disaster in the void, frantically releasing a terrifying temperature and a destructive shock wave, that kind of shock, even Xiao Yan, did not dare to be easily touched.

"Although the power of the Seventh Layer Breaking Sky Ruler and the Buddha's Fury Fire Lotus are extremely powerful, the strength of Wu Huan is also extremely tyrannical. In addition, this person is a little weird, I am afraid it is difficult to kill him..." Xiao Yan's figure was quickly retreating. At the same time, his eyes flashed rapidly.

"Roar!"

And just when this thought passed through Xiao Yan's heart, the huge flame storm in the distance trembled violently, and the speed of rotation actually gradually slowed down. Then, it was filled with crazy killing intent. The sound of roaring roars came from the flame storm.

"Sure enough, he didn't die..."

Hearing the roar of rage, Xiao Yan's heart sank slightly. He wanted to kill a three-star Dou Emperor peak powerhouse with one blow. It seemed a bit whimsical. However, since he was promoted, he has not been able to stabilize his realm, so it is also difficult to deal with martial arts.

"Bang!"

Not long after the roar of rage sounded, huge claws of dozens of feet stepped out from the storm fiercely. Immediately, a **** figure was forcibly swept out of the flame storm. Blood red eyes, filled with incomparable resentment, stared at Xiao Yan in the distance.

This **** figure was the original majestic Wu Huan. At this time, he looked extremely embarrassed. On the originally slender figure, blood was flowing like a stream, and deep wounds were covering him like a ditch. The body, vaguely, can still see the white bones in the wound. Obviously, although this guy survived the terrifying power of Huang Quan Tian's anger and the seven-layered sky-shattering ruler, he also paid a great price for this. ...

"Little bastard, die for this young master!"

Wu Huan's face was hideous, he coughed violently, his mouthful of blood was spit out by the terrifying force, his arm turned into a huge energy slap, and he slapped Xiao Yan's head fiercely. go down.

Xiao Yan can also feel that the Wu Huan at this time is only the end of the force, and this attack is too weak, and it is scattered away with a wave!

Under the effect of obtaining the medicinal pill, Xiao Yan's strength was also partially restored, and he was too busy to deal with several large and small scars on his body, so he walked slowly towards the place where Wu Huan was located.

"Since this is the case, then there is still the principle of letting the tiger return to the mountain..." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

"Xiao Yanzi be careful, I always feel that something is not right..." The Golden Dragon King also stared at Wu Huan and said.

Xiao Yan slowly approached Wu Huan, and the eyes above Wu Huan's **** figure also looked very ferocious, as if something was waiting for an opportunity on his forehead.

"This is……"

The sudden change made Xiao Yan stunned for a moment, and then he quickly regained his senses. Just as he was about to dodge in a hurry, an extremely gloomy pitch-black light suddenly flashed across his eyeballs.

"Shh!"

The jet-black light swept across and shot Xiao Yan's shocked gaze back, because he saw that there seemed to be something on Wu Huan's forehead.

"It's actually a blood curse!" The Golden Dragon King exclaimed from the ring.

"Huh?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan also frowned tightly, apparently it was the first time he heard of this so-called blood curse, what exactly is it.

"I didn't expect to encounter a blood curse in this small Wucheng. The infiltration of this alien race is really deep..." The Golden Dragon King also said in a vicissitudes of life.

"Master, although I don't know what this blood mantra is, I am a disciple of Teacher Tuo She and your nephew."

"This will never change." Xiao Yan also smiled slightly and looked at the master Jinlong Wangdao who was hesitant to say anything.

"Hahaha, I'll be at ease with your words."

"The aliens are suppressed and sealed outside the Daqian world, but they keep trying to erode our Daqian world, so there are greedy humans who are loyal to the aliens in the Daqian world. This blood curse is a kind of extraterrestrial. It is a secret method used by the evil race to control them. It is a secret technique that enables those loyal to them to increase their strength through blood curses. However, its price is too heavy. The after-effects are also quite terrifying!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"To be planted with this blood curse is equivalent to serving the aliens for the rest of your life, for eternity, even the soul must be driven by the aliens But these people can also get them. What you want, strong strength or something, but in the final analysis, it is impossible to escape the end of being swallowed by that foreign evil race."

"And look at the rune on Wu Huan's forehead, there are three bloodshots!"

"The blood spells are divided into seven grades, the first and second grades are the most common, the third and fourth grades are somewhat extraordinary, and the fifth and sixth grades are people trusted by the evil tribes outside the territory. As for the seventh grade, it has not appeared for a long time. ."

"The driver of the seventh-level blood curse is close to the pinnacle of Dou Di, and he has a place even in the alien race." The Golden Dragon King also looked at the three-color blood curse on Wu Huan's forehead and said slowly.

"I can't believe that this Wu Huan is the owner of the three-color blood curse, so it means that their family has a certain position in the foreign evil clan, and they can't stay." Xiao Yan also recovered in a brief shock, and then his body vindictiveness slowed down. Slowly wrapping his palms, he walked away towards Wu Huan who was close at hand.

"Xiao Yan, do you think you can kill me like this? It's too naive."

"Hahaha!" Wu Huan also looked at the flaming palm that suddenly came, and then he was not afraid at all, and said with a grim smile on his face.

Wu Huan's voice just fell, and then the three-color bloodshot on his forehead seemed to feel the deadly threat, and then a thick dark light emerged.

Black rays of light emerged, and Wu Huan's originally seriously injured and dying body was slowly healed at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Ask for a monthly pass and ask for a subscription~