Chapter Vol 4 2208: Battle 2!

"get out!"

Marvin's voice was like rolling thunder, resounding through the entire altar, and with the power of reincarnation, it turned out to make everyone under the protection of the barrier uneasy.

"This Marvin's strength is not bad. If it goes on like this, within a thousand years, I am afraid that he has the qualifications to compete for the seat of the fire elf elder."

Looking at the end of the first round of the competition, the second elder Ma Lin nodded to the latter with a smile on his face. The strength displayed by the two during the battle was much more tyrannical than the ordinary first-level reincarnation.

"Humph!"

"Old Marvin!"

"A few years ago, you were bullied by our western tribe and turned into a lost dog. How can He De call you here today?"

Diff stretched out his hand to take the unconscious Allen, without even looking at him, a terrifying aura swept out from his body, directly matching Marvin's aura.

Ma Wen is a free-spirited elf among the elf tribe, but unfortunately, when the three major tribes were standing apart, he was sincerely invited to join by the Western tribe. If the invitation failed, he was almost murdered by Diff. The head was in a different place, which also created Ma Wen's belief in Xiao Yi's order.

"Your words alone are not enough for such qualifications."

When Ma Wen heard this, the corner of his mouth twitched slightly, and there was a rare sinister murderous intent in his eyes.

"Now that you're ready."

"Then let's start."

The voice fell, and the second battle started completely.

"Old man, you were lucky enough to escape last time, but this time, this seat will crush you to ashes!"

A sarcastic and arrogant smile appeared at the corner of Diff's mouth, and the energy in the entire barrier began to shake slightly.

"Right on my mind!"

Ma Wen's eyes became extremely cold, the blue veins on his arms burst out, and the corners of his mouth and smile also became deep and cold. At the same time, the soles of his feet stomped viciously against the void, and a circle of invisible flame ripples spread out, the kind of horror The high temperature and mysterious power are heart palpitating.

"Boom!"

The bodies of the two disappeared in place in an instant, and they stepped out and started fighting in the center of the altar barrier.

Since both of them have the strength of the first-level reincarnation, they are evenly matched, so just at the beginning, the terrifying reincarnation of the two, along with the unique power of the fire elves, turned into two meteors, wreaking havoc in the enchantment, wherever they went, The void hummed, and a trace of violent energy ripples spread out.

"Second brother, I'll come in a while."

Looking at the two people who were fighting fiercely in the arena, Xiao Yi approached Xiao Yan and spoke in a low voice, her voice also had a very worried look.

If this election fails, I'm afraid their situation...

"Not urgent……"

"By the way, Princess Qianqin from the Eastern Land, tell me specifically, I always feel that this guy is even more dangerous than Alice."

Xiao Yan's eyes kept lingering on Alice and Qianqin. Just relying on the strength of his soul and his sense of smell, Xiao Yan could roughly judge the danger level of the two.

Princess Alice and Princess Qianqin, both in terms of appearance and strength, can be regarded as real top figures among the fire elves.

Princess Alice has always had a faint air of superior self-confidence. On the other hand, Princess Qianqin is no different from a weak princess, but based on Xiao Yan's years of battles, it can be easily deduced that this Princess Qianqin is extraordinary.

The most important thing is that the tyrannical body and some powers of the tyrant in his own body actually jumped strangely when Xiao Yan was watching Princess Qianqin, it felt like he was facing a great enemy.

"Princess, the human kid behind Mr. Yi seems to be gazing at you intentionally or unintentionally, do you see?"

The two female reincarnation elf guards beside Qianqin frowned, and immediately lowered their voices and said in their ears.

"It doesn't matter, anyway, there will be a battle between him and me."

Princess Qianqin smiled and said, Xianxianqiong's fingers waved and swirled, and a moving piece of music permeated out, as if there were words in her words.

"Princess, in my opinion you are overthinking it."

"Among the three people in the southern tribe, only Ma Wen is the only one in the reincarnation stage, and the other two have not yet stepped into the reincarnation. Even if they hold the well-known holy flame in the thousands of worlds in their hands, they are definitely not Princess Alice's rival."

"What the princess needs to worry about is how to deal with Princess Alice."

"After all, in this competition, we have a great chance of winning."

The female elf Sammy smiled, obviously already calculating the chances of Qianqin winning.

"Not always."

Princess Qianqin smiled suddenly, and then smiled without saying a word, quietly watching the battle above the sky, as if everything was in her hands.

Only she knew that although Alice was tyrannical, unfortunately, because of some intuition, she knew that the latter was not Xiao Yan's opponent. After all, there was something in Xiao Yan that made her even terrified of her first-tier strength.

"Bang bang bang!"

Just when everyone's thoughts were different, the rushing sounds of collisions between metals formed extremely violent reincarnation forces, swept out from the altar space, and the terrifying humming sound of explosions could be heard incessantly!

Everyone hurriedly looked up and saw that the entire altar space had a rare sense of fuzzy distortion, and the culprits were the two powerhouses with the strength of the first-layer reincarnation!

"Dong, dong, dong!"

On Diff's palm, a brown fire sword bloomed with a terrifying high temperature, and in Marvin's hand, a fire chain was displayed, and the void with a radius of one thousand meters was vaguely twisted by these two forces, and bursts of air burst into the air. The sound of humming and explosion shook the hearts of everyone.

"It seems that the killer must be used!"

There were bursts of consternation on Marvin's face Obviously, this guy's strength is almost equal to his own. If this goes on, it's just a waste of time, so he is ready to strike with all his strength.

"Reincarnation Fire Chain!"

With an idea in his mind, the reincarnation aura in Ma Wen rolled, tilted out like a tide, and the brown flames unreservedly entwined into a thousand-zhang chain of fire. A trace of ancient mysterious ripples surged on the chain of fire, and where it spread, the void trembled. Even the energy of heaven and earth has become dim.

A discerning person can see through it at a glance, the attack that this guy is using now is very different from the chain of fire he used to deal with Allen!

"Fire Spirit Sword!"

In the face of Marvin's full-strength blow at this time, Div's eyes turned cold, and the brown flames overflowed from his arms like a fountain, giving everyone an extreme chill, and then countless brown flames poured into the Fire Spirit Sword. The dazzling brown flame is like a scorching sun, outlines countless brown lines, and blooms with endless scorching pressure.

"Boom!"

The two attacked, and countless creatures screamed, and the violent reincarnation power raged in the altar barrier, and the entire barrier became twisted and shook.

"Who will win?"

The scorching and terrifying energy slammed into each other, and the hearts of countless elven powerhouses jumped tightly, and the curiosity in their hearts could no longer be contained!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: