Chapter 521: Pollution!

"What the **** is going on with this Ice Mark Tianhu..." Xiao Yan squatted down slowly, and then looked carefully at the Ice Mark Tianhu, which was divided into two halves.

At this time, the Ice Mark Tianhu, the forehead and the body have been divided into two halves.

The majestic and powerful limbs are already dying, and the snow-white fluff is also slightly smoothed down. Obviously, the Ice Scar Tianhu has died.

"Strange, how can there be no blood loss from the wound of the Ice Mark Tianhu?" The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly saw above the wound of the Ice Mark Tianhu!

Where, there is a slightly slowly shaking black gas surrounding the wound!

"There is such an evil aura on this Frozen Tianhu?"

"Binghen Tianhu is arrogant and will never allow such a thing to exist..." Long Yi glanced at the dead Binghen Tianhu and said.

"Let me think about it, what the **** is this." The next moment, Long Yi also fell into contemplation. Obviously, the evil spirit on the wound of the Ice Mark Tianhu evoked some memories of Long Yi.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan nodded knowingly. With Long Yi's guidance, Xiao Yan wouldn't rashly move the ice-marked tiger, and immediately turned his eyes to the battle on the side.

A few dozen meters away from Xiao Yan, Mu Feng, Lvdi and Mu Yingying were on their feet, directly wrapping the black beam!

"This thing is very strange. The Ice Mark Tianhu, which was as powerful as the sixth-rank emperor, was killed with one blow. We must be cautious!" Mu Yingying bit her lips and said extremely solemnly.

"For these weird things, I am the best at it, look at me!" After Mu Feng finished speaking, a wooden sword appeared out of thin air.

Mu Jian is ordinary, and he can't see any brilliance.

"Qiankun gossip!" A voice containing special power was born instantly, and then Mu Feng kept saying it.

The next moment, a black-blue vindictive energy was like fire met oil, and it slowly jumped above the wooden sword!

The black-blue Dou Qi kept beating on the wooden sword, and as Mu Feng kept chanting some mysterious incantations, those black-blue Dou Qi had a faint trace of it turned into a rather mysterious rune!

At this moment, the picture of the black beam suspended three meters above the ground in the bureau shook, as if he was extremely afraid of Mu Feng's move!

"There may be some secrets in this Mu Feng... This exercise is still a fighting technique, and it always gives people a strange feeling!" Ludi Dai's eyes were wrinkled, and she felt the strange changes in Mu Feng's body at this time. A terrifying breath has arrived!

This breath is different from ordinary human beings, like the eerie and eerie breath in the ghost world!

However, in the gloom of Mu Feng, Green Flute did not ask.

"Susu..." A very harsh sound came from the black beam, and then it turned into a black shower, shooting towards Mu Feng!

"I'm coming!" Just when Mu Yingying was about to mobilize the power of holy flame in her body, the green flute on the side let out a coquettish roar, and then a huge green battle qi instantly emerged!

"Thousand Snake Dance!" The green flute drank, and the green fighting qi around the body suddenly condensed into small snakes!

The body of the little snake is extremely thin, but the color is very emerald green, giving people a strange feeling!

"嘁偁嘁!" The huge vindictive energy snake shot at the black shower turned by the black beam!

Seeing this, Mu Yingying was about to speak, but when she saw the determination in Lu Di's eyes and Mu Feng's concentration, she couldn't help feeling warm.

"Boom boom boom!" The fearful black shower and the green flute's energy snake violently attacked together, and then the black shower, without exception, was swallowed by the green flute's green vindictive snake!

"Snake burst!" At the next moment, the corner of Ludi's mouth cracked into a smile, and then said with a confident voice.

"Boom boom boom!" The voice just fell, and the body of the emerald-colored snake that swallowed a huge amount of black showers swelled up quickly, and then burst open with a bang!

"Shabu Shabu!" The terrifying battles were wave after wave, causing the already unrecognizable forest to collapse!

"Be careful!" The next moment, Mu Yingying roared angrily, then her figure flashed, and she went directly to the place where the green flute was!

The palm of the hand is slowly wrapped in a blue flame.

"Crack!" With a sound, the black light beam suddenly appeared from the void in front of the green flute, and then flew towards the throat of the green flute, trying to kill it directly!

"It's so dangerous!" Seeing this, the green flute was shocked!

Just now, his own snake burst, swallowing the black shower, the power contained in it should not be underestimated, but I don't know why this black beam can escape his attack and appear out of thin air!

If it wasn't for Mu Yingying's shot, Lu Di's own fate would have been feared.

Their side was in full swing, and Xiao Yan didn't stop.

"I can't remember the origin of this Ice Mark Tianhu, but I can be sure that this wound is definitely not the ability of the Ice Mark Tianhu itself."

"I think, this strange flame-like evil power should be because of the black beam." Long Yi said solemnly.

"Does that have any effect on the demon core and blood essence?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise. The ice-marked tiger is indeed too rare, even his own artifact does not know it.

"It should be there... You take it away first and take a look, be careful." After Long Yi finished speaking, he couldn't make up his mind.

"Okay." Xiao Yan nodded in response when he heard the words.

Then Xiao Yan squatted down slowly, and a small jade knife surrounded by flames appeared in his palm.

There are extremely delicate lines on the jade knife, the lines are quite obscure, and it vaguely exudes a huge breath!

The next moment, Xiao Yan's palm slowly wrapped the flame, and then took the lead to leave the forehead of the ice-marked Tianhu.

"What is this..." Xiao Yan's palm was surrounded by flames, and then he slowly used the jade knife to gently insert it along the eyebrows of the Ice Mark Tianhu Frozen Tianhu's forehead was just, suddenly exuding a trace of extremely evil black energy!

Even the evil black aura on the forehead disappeared suddenly when Xiao Yan's jade knife was inserted, and when Du appeared, it was already in the place where the jade knife was inserted.

"Buzz!" The soul-devouring talisman that was submerged in the palm of the hand suddenly burst out with a huge suction force, and an extremely greedy aura permeated towards the evil mass above the jade knife!

"Quiet me!" Xiao Yan mobilized the huge soul power in his body. On the one hand, he defended to prevent the sudden counterattack of this evil energy. On the other hand, he used his soul power to directly suppress this soul-devouring talisman, and let it quiet down in autumn!

But the next moment, Xiao Yan realized that he was wrong!

At this time, under the jade knife, the bright red ice-attribute demon core with temperature kept exuding a trembling aura. Obviously, he was very afraid of this evil energy!

Xiao Yan was quite puzzled, but slowly fixed his eyes on the group of evil.

Just as his eyes were close, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly shrank with a flickering moment!

Because Xiao Yan saw from the evil blackness and the gap between the stone statue and the jade knife inserted into the forehead of the Ice Mark Tianhu, and saw a strange scene!

Next to the magic core, is the face on the giant rock that blocked the road before!

Exactly the same!

"So evil!" Even such a simple glance made Xiao Yan's heart very heavy!

Just a glance made Xiao Yan feel terrified!

This is something that has never happened since he came to Dou Di Continent!

Not even a powerhouse with the half-immortal strength of Elder Zhu! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: