Chapter Vol 4 2170: The mysterious powerhouse takes action, and reincarnation chooses the child!

"This guy... is it for the Xiao Clan?"

Hearing this hideous voice, the hearts of many strong men standing above the sky became confused.

The Xiao Clan is now the strongest in the Dou Qi Continent. This mysterious evil creature is actually coming towards them?

"It's all about this time, stop gossiping."

Xiao Chen took a step, and the strong killing intent swept out like a tide. For this reason, the power above evil creatures is definitely not something he can resist!

"Humph!"

"My descendants on the Dou Qi Continent, there is no one who is greedy for life and fears death!"

Xiao Xiao and Xiao Lin stepped out one step at a time, their eyes filled with extremely strong killing intent, and the endless surging fighting spirit was vented.

"It's just a group of ants..."

The figures that emerged from the blood mist were no different from human beings. They were bathed in a blood-red armor. The eyes were red with endless madness. generally!

too weak!

Weak and vulnerable!

His own strength is at the reincarnation level. Although he came here at a great cost, and in order to prevent the movement of his own making too much and disturbing the great world, he naturally won't use all his strength.

In addition, there are two kings guarding the space passage, and the world here will completely evolve into his slaughterhouse.

As long as you find the root of the Xiao Clan, with the blood of their descendants of the Xiao Clan, there are people of great wisdom among the Evil Clan outside the territory who can use sorcery to find the traces of the Xiao Clan who have disappeared from the world!

The first World War has passed for a long time. Both the Great Thousand Worlds and the Evil Races from outside the Territory have recovered a lot of vitality, and their strength has been greatly improved, which is much more tyrannical than the first war.

However, the Xiao clan's contribution to the Great Thousand Worlds, and the many destructive attacks against the evil clan outside the territory, are still vivid in their minds, stinging their nerves.

There is no trace of the entire Xiao clan. If they don’t thoroughly understand the details, the foreign evil clan naturally dare not attack rashly. After all, they have learned the lesson of the first battle failure, which makes them still fresh in their memory.

"go?"

"This world is vulnerable."

"You two, stay with me."

The evil man sneered, his arms instantly became rough, and a black-red blood dragon brewed in an instant, suddenly cut through the void, and attacked the three!

The target of the attack is naturally Xiao Lin and Xiao Xiao!

Although the two of them are descendants of the Xiao clan, they did not obtain the purest clan pattern power like Xiao Yan, but the original aura of the Xiao clan pattern made this evil man lock them at a glance!

Especially Xiao Lin, who has the power of the clan lines flashing between his eyebrows, that is the unique power of the Xiao clan, and there is absolutely no mistake.

"Come on!"

Yun Yun and Xiao Yixian looked at each other, the surging power in their bodies tilted out, and their delicate bodies floated, covering Xiao Lin and Xiao Xiao in one fell swoop!

The two girls couldn't take care of the violent fluctuations of fighting spirit in their bodies, because from the ferocious roar of the blood-colored dragon, they truly felt a call from hell.

It's like the **** of death is rendering and depriving her of life!

"The power of the void!"

Zi Yan's expression was dignified and complicated, and her beautiful human body disappeared instantly, turning into a huge purple dragon shadow over a thousand feet.

"Blood Axe!"

"Danli!"

"..."

When the other powers saw this scene, they shot at the same time, and the overwhelming fighting qi surged up, turning the world into a real fighting qi whirlpool.

"Pfft!"

Dozens of Dou Sheng peak powerhouses displayed their heaven-level fighting skills, not only did they not bring about any changes in the energy of this world, but even when they came into contact with the blood-colored demon dragon, they were like moths to a fire, easily destroyed.

The seemingly turbulent attack is actually just hitting the stone with an egg, which is ridiculous!

"Damn!"

The joint attack of everyone was so vulnerable, Zi Yan's dragon body instantly slanted, and it stood in front of Xiao Xiao and the others!

This girl actually tried to use her dragon body to withstand the attack of the demon dragon?

"Do not!"

"Sister Zi Yan!"

"You will die if you go on like this!!!"

When Xiao Xiao saw this, his icy eyes finally became hot, and an uncontrollable sourness emerged from the corner of his eyes.

Today, her strength is extremely terrifying, but when she faced the evil dragon in front of her, she felt powerless.

"Hey, don't worry!"

There was a touch of relief in Zi Yan's dragon eyes, and the huge purple-gold dragon body enveloped the void in front of the two, as indestructible as a copper wall and an iron wall.

"A boring move."

"Go away, don't waste my time!"

The evil man was walking in the void, followed behind the dragon, and walked towards the space where Xiao Xiao and the two were. As he passed, the void was actually swallowed and destroyed by it, and a violent spatial storm exploded, horrifying, stabbing. It hurts the nerves of countless people!

"Tear it off!"

The magic dragon hasn't touched Zi Yan's huge dragon body. When it is close to three meters, the harsh wind breaking sound is released in an endless stream, but Zi Yan's expression is extremely ugly, and her whole body is like fried hair, and countless purple-golden dragon scales fall instantly. Vertical, even the power in the body became quiet.

"Tiny!"

"Fall down, ants!"

The evil man is too lazy to care about the life and death of this purple-gold dragon body, his purpose is only the descendants of the Xiao clan!

"Flower Sea Fairy Duo!"

"Poisonous fog lingers!"

Looking at each other, Yun Yun and Xiao Yixian both had graceful postures, and there were actually very mysterious fluctuations on their bodies.

"Boom!"

The three women's attack and defense instantly collided with the energy dragon, causing countless energy ripples, making this space to the brink of fragmentation.

"Crack!"

Just when the three girls were defeated, the sky was quietly cracked, and a crack fell from the sky.

"This is……"

"Reincarnation powerhouse?"

"How can a low-level plane attract the powerhouses in the Great Thousand Worlds?"

In doubt, the evil man raised his forehead suddenly and looked at the crack in the sky beside him.

Three energy beams of light running through the heavens and the earth, with mottled colors, one of which is full of silver dazzling energy, even more like the splendor of a god, stretched out from a distant plane, and slapped it with a slap!

"The power of reincarnation?"

"Defense!"

The evil man was extremely surprised, but then he didn't dare to take it lightly, and suddenly used the magic dragon to resist the aftermath of the energy overflowing from the three beams.

"Pfft!"

With a sound, the attack of the evil man and the beam of reincarnation annihilated away, but the three figures standing in front of Xiao Xiao disappeared suddenly, as if they were silently carried away by these three strange beams?

"It seems that these three women's identities are not low...even the strength of the strong shot has reached the realm of heaven."

The evil man's trembling opening, especially one of the three beams, a silver beam.

The level of that level is no less than the evil **** level of the foreign evil clan!

What kind of power is that?

"Fortunately they are all right..."

"Huhu."

The disappearance of Yun Yun, Xiao Yixian and Zi Yan's three daughters made Xiao Xiao relieved. They had a very close relationship with his father, so this kind of ending is not bad.

At least after his death, the three of them will avenge him.

But then, I am afraid it will be the real doomsday. Without the help of the power of the three women, the power of this evil devil is enough to destroy this place!

The catastrophe continues to spread.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: