Chapter Vol 4 2106: Demons are here, endless evil souls!

"Hehe, don't waste your time."

"When we entered the medicine world, we have used the dimensional prism to isolate the entire medicine world from the world. Whether you call the elders of your own clan or seek help, it will not help." Looking at a group of old guys from the medicine family and Xun With an anxious look, Liu Hao smiled.

Everything is within their grasp.

"Why is this guy so **** Xiao Yan alone?"

"But I always feel that this matter is not so simple." After a while, the leaders of the forces couldn't help but break into a cold sweat. Obviously, they could not intervene in a battle of this scale.

"Don't worry, everyone, the Holy See is only here to kill the demon and bring him to justice. After we have dealt with the matter, the space here will be opened up again." Liu Hao's voice fell, and he immediately paid attention to the two believers together. With several late-stage Eight-Star Dou Immortal elders among the ancient races, once they take action, the Holy See also has sufficient reasons to kill them all!

As for the reason, you can make up one at will, such as what kind of demon accomplice, anyway, this time the matter of encircling and suppressing the demon is the top secret of the Holy See, and now all the insiders here must die, at best, it is just a matter of time.

Only the dead don't turn around.

"Whoa!" a voice.

Xiao Yan only felt that the surrounding musical notes contained a sacred aura that made him extremely disgusted. If this continued, his body would be instantly melted by it, and suddenly a strange subconscious thought slowly emerged. Under the control of this power, Xiao Yan It turned out that he directly raised his palm, and there was already a lot of strange energy lingering on the palm of his hand, and then he pinched the sacred notes around him!

"This power... such a strange and eerie fluctuation!"

"Increase your strength!" Watching Xiao Yan suddenly switch from passive defense to attack, milky white halos appeared in the jury, lingering Xiao Yan, trying to purify the strange power that was pulling him.

"Kacha!" Countless sacred notes shattered instantly, and Xiao Yan's face slowly transformed from the thin and handsome face to a hideous beast.

That appearance and posture are vaguely similar to the demon that appeared in the memory crystal just now?

"Brother Xiao Yan." There were traces of tears in Xun'er's beautiful eyes, and then the golden flames on the delicate body burst into flames, breaking through the remaining sacred notes in one fell swoop and crashing into Xiao Yan's arms.

"Xun'er, I'm sorry, I don't know how things will develop to this point." Xiao Yan's arm fell on Xun'er's shoulders, and a slightly apologetic voice sounded. There was no laughter and laughter like in the past, but a touch of smear. The decisive evil charm, and even that power is still rising, endless and endless, and it is no longer Xiao Yan's control.

"Brother Xiao Yan, stop talking." Xun'er suddenly raised her delicate face and looked at Xiao Yan quite solemnly with a very serious expression.

"Xun... Xun'er, I'll explain this to you later."

"But not now." Xiao Yan said weakly, feeling the power in his body that was constantly being filled with the devil's cube.

A soft voice is better than a thousand words.

However, Xiao Yan didn't want to directly expose the power of the devil, but under the guidance of the jury, the power of the devil emerged from the body uncontrollably. In addition, he had just experienced a great battle and his spirit had not recovered, so the power of the devil succeeded. was mobilized by the members of this group of monks' adjudication group.

After all, he still despised them too much!

"Do not."

"It's not Brother Xiao Yan's fault."

"It's Xun'er who is too stupid. It's all Xun'er's fault for not helping Xiao Yan's brother." Xun'er looked down at Xiao Yan's constantly changing dark green energy, but bowed his head and said remorsefully.

Originally, he thought that his chance among the ancients would be enough to help Xiao Yan overcome many difficulties and make his shoulders lighter.

What Brother Xiao Yan has endured over the years is definitely a thousand times harder than himself!

"Don't worry, I will protect everything we have now."

"I promise you, I won't die." Xiao Yan laughed, the laughter was full of ghosts, as if a ghost was about to come!

"Okay!"

"Let's pull the hook!" Xun'er regained hope in her beautiful eyes, and raised her jade hand towards Xiao Yan. Since it can't be stopped, let's go crazy for once.

"The hook is hanged, it cannot be changed for a hundred years!" A rather melancholy voice sounded, and Xun'er immediately retreated to the Yao family, and on his forehead, a mysterious pattern began to appear slightly at this time. Burning, it actually faintly exudes a peerless fluctuation that is astonishing!

"No matter what elder brother Xiao Yan becomes, it will always be Xun'er's elder brother Xiao Yan." Xun'er said with satisfaction, her eyes closed suddenly, as if she had entered a special state.

Moreover, under the pull of Xiao Yan's power, Xun'er also found the Phoenix Nirvana Pill in his sleeve.

This thing was obviously collected by Xiao Yan after the death of the old monster Shen Xi. With it, this time, he can definitely help Xiao Yan!

"Don't worry, I can handle it." Seeing Xun'er being so knowledgeable, Xiao Yan also felt relieved, but Xiao Yan, who was flooded with demon power, obviously couldn't notice the changes in Xun'er.

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Yan, you are just a mere evil devil, but you are blatantly acting out what kind of love between children and children in front of me?"

"Don't worry, this time, not only will you die, but the ancients will also come down to accompany you soon!"

"As for your lady like a flower like a jade, the book will accept it unceremoniously!"

"Oh, yes, and the so-called endless fire zone behind you, it's just a farce."

"Everything related to you will fall into **** and be buried with you!"

"The culprit of all this is... because of you!!!" Seeing this scene, Liu Hao roared with great excitement.

He is not in a hurry. Now that the victory is in hand, he can naturally appreciate how small this group of ants is under the glory of God!

"Liu Hao, you escaped from the ancient clan, but this time, I will completely kill you here." Facing Liu Hao's sarcasm, Xiao Yan's eyes slowly degenerated, and after he breathed, it turned into a wipe. Dark green, endless aura, vented out!

"A group of self-righteous idiots who pretend to be preachers of God all day long are nothing but puppets who use the word "angel" to harm all beings."

"Today, I will replace the devil and tear off your harmless skins. I want to see what kind of foul-smelling stench your souls are exuding!" Xiao Yan sneered. , took one step, and the encirclement formed by dozens of elites of the adjudication team instantly collapsed, the sacred note was crushed by the demonic breath of Xiao Yan, and dozens of people were suddenly shocked by the unprecedented aura of Xiao Yan. .

"Devil, make a comeback!"

"The matter of the Tianxing Continent was originally caused by her traveling angel Mekal, but now it is counted on my head?"

"As of now, I don't want to talk about right or wrong anymore. Since you are so pressing step by step, let me start the era of the new century today!"

"Let me see... whether the so-called Holy See angels are holy or dirty!"

"What the world dares not do, let me Xiao Yan do it!"

"What about slaughtering angels?"

"A group of ugly guys, kill them and kill them, what can they do to me?" Xiao Yan's roaring voice emerged, so penetrating that even his soul trembled.

Even Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan's power, is undergoing some kind of special change!

At this moment, the demon reappeared, and the endless evil and brilliant shadows decorated the entire medicine world like the end.

Demon evil brilliance, appalling.

Shake the soul!