Chapter 491: Dragon Addiction Formation vs Swallowing Sky Formation!

"Hahaha!"

"War?"

"Qin Tian, ​​although you are a powerhouse at the pinnacle of Dou Di, the strongest of the few people around you is only the Eight-Star Dou Emperor Consummation. You should know better than us the gap between the Nine-Star Dou Emperor and the Eight-Star Dou Emperor, right?"

"You just let them die." Behind Shefu, a fierce aura emerged from the snake king's eyebrows, and then he spoke calmly.

Apparently, among the nine major tribes of the Medusa clan, the leaders of the eight tribes have already gathered together, and with the addition of this powerful half-immortal Shefu, the odds of winning are quite high!

"It is precisely because I know the gap between them that I have the confidence to say the word war."

"And you don't need to be aggressive. Since I am the head of the Dragon-loving Legion, I must be confident enough to retreat from your Medusa clan."

"Otherwise, wouldn't it be child's play if I don't move the title of King Ming?" Qin Tian faced the powerful Medusa clan in front of him, and he was not afraid!

"As expected of Qin Tian, ​​who is known as the King of Fudoming."

"but……"

"Now, how do you get out?" Shefu standing beside the eight strong snake people, then proudly.

"Hahaha!"

"Shefu, I think you are old and confused!"

"Is the prosperous reputation of my dragon-loving legion, is it not a vain name?"

"Don't talk about the strength of your mere half-immortal, even if it is a real fighting immortal, this king will not be afraid!" Qin Tian laughed loudly, and then the five black and white energy **** with the power of life and death slowly stopped. Turn around and be quiet beside Qin Tian.

"Dragon-loving Legion... Could it be!" The next moment, Shefu's pupils shrank suddenly, as if he remembered something!

"Array!"

"Dragon Addiction!" Qin Tian shouted loudly, and a monstrous aura suddenly emerged!

"En!" A few people in the eyes agreed in unison, then separated directly, and walked away to several positions in the sky!

"not good!"

"Hurry up and stop them!" Seemingly feeling uneasy, Shefu shouted loudly, raised the python stick in the palm of his hand, and the terrifying attack directly attacked him!

The Snake King also felt a crisis, and then his body suddenly surged with Dou Qi, and attacked Qin Tian and the others beside him!

"Shabu Shabu!" The nine strong men of the Medusa clan made a joint strike, surging in an instant, and attacked Qin Tian and the others directly!

Facing the many powerhouses of the Medusa clan, Qin Tian sneered, and then the five black and white energy **** with the power of life and death shook violently, and in the next moment, they directly skipped the sky and faced the nine powerhouses of the Medusa family. Whistling away!

"Boom boom boom!"

"Damn!" The Snake King saw this, and in the five black and white energy balls, the power of life and death was filled with terrifying power, and he didn't dare to be distracted immediately. force!

The other leaders of the eight major tribes of Medusa sank, and they tried their best to protect themselves like a snake king!

"Humph!" Shefu said coldly, but she didn't know why. Above the energy ball, the power of life and death was mixed with a terrifying fiery red power, which greatly increased the pressure on Shefu!

Shefu had no choice but to give up attacking Qin Tian and his group, and the power of life and death instantly emerged in his body, and then he raised the Jiao Python stick in his hand. The force energy **** attacked together!

"Boom boom boom!" Between the lights and flints, circle after circle of explosions emerged from the sky, and the invisible heat wave came circle after circle, making this already hot desert even hotter!

"Cough, cough..." As the battle ripples slowly disappeared, the eyes of Shefu and his group also recovered.

In the sky not far in front of Shefu, with Qin Tian as the center, the Dou Qi of several people increased sharply, and then the huge Dou Qi beam covered Qin Tian's side, and the dazzling Dou Qi slowly formed a sky-shattering giant dragon!

The dragon's body is fiery red, with the drug core as the dragon's eye and the dragon's head, the tilting eyes as the front left claws of the dragon, Fanyu as the right claws in front of the dragon, Mu Chen controls the center of the dragon's body, and Xuan Mo is in charge of the dragon's body. The dragon's tail, Mu Chenfeng and Xuan Wanxin were responsible for the dragon's rear and left claws respectively. As for Qin Tian, ​​on the dragon's back, the rays of light surged into the sky!

"Leader, without Ye Mo and Xuan Ming, the power of our Dragon Addiction Formation is not as powerful as before... The leaders of the eight Medusa tribes plus the Medusa temple guardian, I am afraid we are overwhelmed at this time. Ah." The core said calmly.

Obviously, with the huge soul power of the medicine core, he has discovered the strength of the eight major tribal leaders of the Medusa family and the guardian of the Medusa Temple, and immediately said helplessly.

After all, with the disappearance of the three nine-star fighting emperors, namely Xuanling King, Ye Mo and Xuanming, their dragon-loving army is not as strong as before. for strenuous.

"I know, you don't need to worry about it, I have my own way!" Qin Tian responded slowly, and then his dark pupils moved quickly, as if he was thinking about something.

Then, at the feet of Qin Tian, ​​a huge circle of extremely mysterious light appeared, and then fiery red flames continued to emerge, like an indestructible **** standing forever!

"Damn it!" Seeing this, the Shefu people on the side couldn't help but scolded slightly. Obviously, they felt a dangerous smell from the dazzling golden dragon in the sky.

"Senior Shefu, I can't wait any longer. With Qin Tian's assistance, I'm afraid we can't break through his defense..." The Snake King on the side spoke slightly.

Although Shefu is a semi-immortal-level powerhouse, even with the addition of the other eight leaders of the Medusa tribe, Qin Tian's defense cannot be broken in a short period of time, because Qin Tian's immovable King Ming is unusual. .

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Then let's fight." Shefu also nodded and affirmed the words of the Snake King. If Qin Tian didn't have the **** fiery red flame to restrain himself, he could give it a try, but at this time, the fiery red flame Slightly suppresses the strong men of the Medusa clan, so if they force a breakthrough at this time, I am afraid the price will be quite heavy, which is not what Shefu wants to see.

"Array!"

"Swallowing the Heaven Array!" Shefu shouted suddenly, and then the Jiao Python Staff in his hand was instantly thrown into the sky by Shefu!

With the departure of the Jiao Python Staff, the aura on Shefu's body slumped a bit. Obviously, the huge momentum just now had a lot of bonuses from this immortal weapon, the Jiao Python Staff.

Just as the Jiao Python Staff was lifted into the sky, it turned into an extremely dazzling light, then lifted to a certain level and stopped directly.

"Gather!" Shefu said coldly!

As Shefu's voice just fell, the eyes of the eight leaders of the Medusa tribe all flickered with solemnity!

"Shabu Shabu!" After that, without hesitation, the figure burst out and went straight to the sky!

There are a total of nine bright rays of light, reflecting a streamlined splendor in the sky.

"Boom boom boom!" The nine powerhouses of the Medusa clan rallied instantly, and then lined up in the sky in a herringbone shape!

With the appearance of the herringbone, the dragon rod disappeared instantly, and then turned into nine rays of light, which were injected into the bodies of the nine strong men of the Medusa family!

"嘁偁嘁!" In the next moment, outside the figures of the nine people, a giant swallowing python appeared in the size of a hundred meters!

The swallowing python opened its huge **** mouth, revealing those ferocious fangs, and stared at the golden dragon not far away from Qin Tian and his party!

Ask for tickets!