Chapter 376: The mysterious old man in the Xuanling Emperor Pond!

It has been nearly a month since Xiao Yan and the others entered the Xuanling Imperial Pond. Tomorrow will be the day when they leave the Xuanling Imperial Pond.

"Bang bang bang..." In the Xuanling Emperor Pond, several rather loud voices also echoed in this isolated island.

"Hahaha!"

"Success!" The next moment, a loud laugh also rang out!

This person is, surprisingly, Xiao Yan.

"The energy of this life force is so terrifying, even this small amount of energy can make me successfully advance to the four-star Dou Emperor perfection level." Xiao Yan nodded with satisfaction.

This life force has a fatal attraction to the powerhouses of the Fighting Immortal level, so it is reasonable to have such an effect.

The next moment, Xiao Yan also suddenly activated the Burning Jue in his body, and the endless milky white flames also filled out instantly!

The tyrannical level of this milky white flame is undoubtedly much stronger than before Xiao Yan absorbed the water and life force of the Xuanling Emperor Pond. Even Xiao Yan felt that the soul realm in the Taoist body was because of the mysterious effect of the Xuanling Emperor Pond here. It seems that after absorbing the golden energy of the Xuanling Emperor Pond, some mysterious power is suspended in it, which seems to be the stepping stone of the Six Star Dou Emperor.

"It's time to go." Xiao Yan also glanced at the broken space next to him, and then bowed slowly.

The next moment, Xiao Yan also put away the immortal sword, and then carried his own ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and headed out of the forbidden area.

Just after Xiao Yan left, a voice echoed around the shattered space: "Since it was Yu Xuan's choice, then I won't interfere too much."

"Otherwise, it's not so easy to get the Origin of Life Stone..."

"However, I didn't expect that even a King as powerful as the Golden Dragon would almost fall. The power of that alien race is really..."

"Since the Origin of Life no longer exists, it's time for me to go too."

After the voice was finished, it suddenly turned into a ray of light, and then slowly disappeared into this space.

"damn it!"

"This old ghost actually left me here alone!" The witch also raised her head suddenly, and saw something like that!

"Such fluctuations..."

"This old ghost actually touched the peak of Dou Di..." After the witch finished speaking, she instantly suppressed her breath, because she didn't want to have anything to do with this old man!

After all, this one has existed since the beginning of the Xuanling Emperor Pond's birth!

"what……"

"Why do these clothes look familiar?" Xiao Yan also came to the outskirts of the isolated island, and if he wanted to leave, he had to rely on the space teleportation formation on the outskirts of the isolated island.

"That's..." The next moment, Xiao Yan's huge perception also dissipated instantly...

Then Xiao Yan responded with a body as white as jade that seemed to merge with the Xuanling Emperor Pond!

Such a beauty, I am afraid it can only be seen from a distance and cannot be played with!

The jade-white skin and the golden-yellow Xuanling Emperor Pond seemed to merge into one, and the hair behind him also became damp under the constant beating of the Xuanling Emperor Pond's seawater.

At this moment, Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes were slightly closed, and then a bluish flame slowly appeared on her forehead. She breathed gently through her nose and mouth. Pure power emerges.

"Mu Yingying?" Xiao Yan also exclaimed, but in the next moment, calm was restored. After all, even if Mu Yingying was here naked now, Xiao Yan was unmoved. After all, Xiao Yan did not see Dishonest people.

"I actually want to use the effect of this Xuanling Emperor Pond to break through the Five-Star Dou Emperor, that's a bit reluctant..." The next moment, Xiao Yan also discovered Mu Yingying's intention, and was immediately very interested.

Even though Mu Yingying, who was in the Xuanling Emperor Pond, was covered up by the golden sea water, she still showed a very attractive appearance.

But the next moment, I don't know if it was Mu Yingying who discovered Xiao Yan or what.

Then the next moment, countless tiny energies gathered towards Mu Yingying from all directions!

"He's really a smart person." Xiao Yan couldn't help but admire this. Obviously, Mu Yingying's actions like this, if they didn't have the courage, most people wouldn't dare to do it.

After all, although there are many mysterious powers in this Xuanling Emperor Pond, no one knows whether these powers are beneficial to their cultivation.

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, Xiao Yan also noticed that Mu Yingying's Dou Qi was becoming more and more solid. Obviously, the intensity of this Dou Qi had reached the level of a five-star Dou Emperor, but Mu Yingying absorbed the suction of her power. It hasn't stopped yet.

"This is..." Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, and then discovered Mu Yingying's intention!

This Mu Yingying actually wanted to use the power of this Xuanling Emperor Pond to break through the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor in one fell swoop!

"Bang bang bang!" A lot of golden energy from the Xuanling Emperor Pond also slowly gathered on Mu Yingying's body, and then the azure blue flame on Mu Yingying's forehead also emitted extremely hot fluctuations.

"This flame seems to be a little abnormal..." Xiao Yan also muttered. Obviously, this azure flame, although the fluctuations emanating from the invisible are extremely hot, but Xiao Yan, who has twenty-three kinds of different fires, comes from Xiao Yan. Said, obviously found that this blue flame seems to be missing something!

"Shabu Shabu!" At this time, Mu Yingying had also broken through the five-star Dou Emperor and reached the initial stage of the Five-star Dou Emperor, but there was still a lot of power left in the Dou Emperor Pill and the Xuanling Emperor Pond that she had absorbed before. So it's all in one go ready to break through the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Di!

"嘁嘁嘁!" Tiny golden energies are also constantly gathering from all directions of the Xuanling Emperor Pond, and then slowly gathering on Mu Yingying's body. With the gathering of these forces, Mu Yingying's azure blue The flames are also beating slowly, as if they are very happy because of this power.

The next moment, a milky white energy appeared on Mu Yingying's chest...

In the milky white energy, an unspeakable terrifying force also appeared.

"What is that..." Xiao Yan also murmured, the next moment, Xiao Yan used his huge soul power to discover that it was actually the power of a medicinal pill!

Although Mu Yingying had absorbed a lot of the power in the milky white energy group, it still had a huge amount of power.

"No wonder he dared to attack the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor. It turned out to be with the power of the remaining medicinal herbs and the power of this Xuanling Emperor Pond..."

"Although I don't know what kind of medicinal pill it is, the rank will definitely not be too low." Xiao Yan also said.

"Boom boom boom!" The golden energy in the Xuanling Emperor Pond and the power of the Emperor Dou Pill continuously gathered on Mu Yingying's body, and then Mu Yingying's aura also soared.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Xiao Yan was also protecting Mu Yingying from the side, and did not disturb Mu Yingying, because he also knew that it was the last step, and once someone disturbed, the consequences would be extremely severe.

Ask for tickets!