Chapter Vol 4 1170: Seal fighting skills

"Yugan this bastard..."

"Our mercenary group helped their Yu family a lot at the beginning, but now they actually want to kill people..." Yang Fei cautiously ran up the path, his mouth shattered.

Very few people know about this trail, even in the mercenary group, and the role of this trail is clearly made by its leader in order to escape. Unfortunately, Yang Fan's own back path did not have time to use it. It fell into Yu Gan's hands.

"Father and the others, I'm afraid the odds are worse..."

"I can't stay around Ghost King City anymore, I'm afraid I can only go to Dongzhou to hide first. The ratio of the whole Dongzhou is about to start..." Yang Fei moved quickly and kept thinking in his heart.

Before he escaped, his father had already handed over a lot of the group's wealth to him. With the addition of the seal fighting skills, Yang Fei was confident that he would gain a place in the East Continent, and then he would be able to leap into the dragon gate.

"Sorry, you probably don't have time to do these things." And at the next corner of the trail, Xiao Yan's voice was like a ghost, appearing in front of him without a sound.

"Damn!" Seeing this, Yang Fei turned around and left.

This guy in a black robe still remembers the scene where he just wiped out Hua Guard in the red pine forest. Yang Fei knew that he couldn't beat him, so he could only turn around and leave.

"Where do you want to run?" Xiao Yan's speed was extremely fast, and when Yang Fei moved, he instantly stopped Yang Fei's figure.

"My lord, my lord, my lord."

"I beg you not to kill me..."

"This is a seal fighting skill, this is 10 million gold coins, I'll give it to you, I'll give you whatever you want!" When Yang Fei saw Xiao Yan blocking his way, he couldn't help roaring.

Yang Fei knew that after Yu Gan wiped out their entire Hammer mercenary group, he had no self-protection power at all. The appearance of Xiao Yan would undoubtedly cost him his life.

"Let's die." Xiao Yan glanced at this guy, the huge soul force naturally found that this guy was not willing, and his eyes were full of conspiracy and tricks.

As soon as Xiao Yan finished speaking, a bluish-yellow flame suddenly emerged from his body and attacked Yang Fei.

"What kind of flame is this..."

"Ah, ah, ah!" Before Yang Fei could move, he was immediately entangled by the raging fire, and immediately swallowed by it in the next moment, no **** was left!

"Shabu Shabu!" After a while, Yang Fei's figure was burned into nothingness by the blue-yellow flames.

Yang Fei's strength is tyrannical, but the blue-yellow flame is the fusion of Fire Heart Tianyan and Ghost Face Soul Flame, so it is naturally not something Yang Fei can resist.

"The Sealing Fighting Skill..." Xiao Yan walked over and took the Sealing Fighting Skill into his pocket. As for the other things, they had already been burned to the ground.

"The news of the demise of the Hammer mercenary group will soon spread to the Ghost King City. It seems that we have to avoid the limelight first."

All I need to do now is to wait, wait for the guy who took the undead leaves to act, and reap the benefits.

Not long after, Xiao Yan came to the Ghost King City, stayed in an inn, and calmly adjusted his breath.

The Lei Family Mansion.

"Patriarch, it's not good." A follower with a panicked expression ran into the lobby and said to Lei Li.

"What are you panicking about?" Lei Li was sitting in the hall at this time, holding a scroll and savoring it carefully. He was so surprised by this attendant that he couldn't help asking.

"Patriarch, the Hammer mercenary group has been destroyed." But the follower didn't care, his expression was still extremely frightened, and he said slowly.

"what?"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hammer mercenary group was destroyed?" When he heard the follower say this, Lei Li couldn't help putting down the scroll in his hand, and his eyes became vigilant.

Although the overall strength of the Hammer mercenary group is not comparable to their three major families, but in the ghost king city, it is also one of the best in strength, how could it be destroyed?

"Who did it?" Lei Li asked.

"do not know."

"But one thing is certain, the murderer who destroyed the Hammer mercenary group was suppressed by his strength and killed instantly."

"Preliminary estimates……"

"It's either the second head of the mad demon group, or..." the follower said with some fear.

"Who is it?" Lei shouted loudly.

"The head of the Yu family is Yugan." The follower said cautiously.

"This mad demon group and the Yu family have been restless. I'm afraid this matter really has something to do with them."

"Pass my order, rectify all the strengths of our Lei family, and gather."

"I don't know if I can survive this catastrophe."

"If you pass it, you will live, or you will die..." Lei Li seemed to have guessed something, and couldn't help muttering.

The Qing family mansion.

"Father, what happened to the Hammer Mercenary Corps?" In the hall, Qingming Qingwen and several senior officials of Qing's family gathered here and said slowly.

"I believe everyone already knows the news of the accident with the Hammer Mercenary Corps. It's already full of storms in the city. As for who the murderer is, I'm afraid..." Seimei was in the first place and said to a group of strong people below.

"Patriarch, I think the auction has just ended, and the Hammer mercenary group has been completely wiped out. I'm afraid there are some hidden secrets." One of the old men couldn't help but said, in the voice Full of melancholy.

"Old Qing Qing is very right. Now the ghost king city is full of wind and rain, and the Hammer mercenary group has been destroyed. All these spearheads seem to point to the two forces." Another old man said.

"The Yu Family and the Mad Demon Squad?" Qing Ming nodded slightly when she heard the words.

"The Yu family has been behind closed doors since the auction, and cut off all contact with the outside world. I think they're probably planning something..." Old Qing said.

"It seems that this will be a major disaster." Seimei said.

"Gathering all the strength of our Qing family, I'm afraid the real battle is about to begin." After Seimei finished ~ everyone went down to work on their own.

City Lord's Mansion.

"City Lord, the matter has been investigated clearly. The person who killed the Hammer mercenary group was indeed Yugan." In a quiet wooden house, Bai He said to Death Feng.

"This feather is really a wolf's ambition."

"But that's fine. It's time to get rid of this pest."

"Bai He, gather the strength of our City Lord's Mansion and prepare to attack the Yu family."

"Since they want to rebel, then I, the city lord, must show them a little more."

"As for the demise of the Hammer mercenary group, it's just an excuse. It just so happens that the Hammer mercenary group has done too many strange things, so the end can be regarded as retribution." Dead Wind said.

"Yes, Lord City Lord." Bai He smiled.

Of course that Yugan is a pseudo-three-star fighting immortal, but so what?

The two of them, Bai He and Dead Wind, were directly assigned by Yinhun Tiandongzhou, and their background is far from comparable to the power of Ghost King City.

"That's right, my lord."

"There is news from the Hawkeye team, it seems that they will arrive ahead of schedule." Finally, Bai He said.

"That's very good." Dead Wind also laughed when he heard the words.

If the Eagle Eye Squad arrives, not to mention the three-star Fighting Immortal with Feather Dry, even if it is a four-star Fighting Immortal, I am afraid it will not escape the end of the fall, and this Eagle Eye Squad is the original owner of the Earth Dragon Blood Crystal, and the old man of Death Wind. man!

End of this chapter