Chapter Vol 4 1854: Top fighting!

"Do it!" The angel and the demon seemed to step back several thousand meters in unison. Immediately, two forces of completely different nature erupted from the two of them, instantly splitting the entire barrier of light in two!

Demon Xiao Yan was surrounded by countless demon powers, which had transformed from the dark green mist at the beginning to a pool of dark green liquid. Obviously, Xiao Yan did not dare to take it lightly when facing the angel.

The dark green liquid slowly wrapped Xiao Yan like dark jade, and the shadow of the demon soul behind him disappeared gently, deeply imprinted on Xiao Yan's skin, the dark green liquid was on Xiao Yan's skin, Formed a very evil devil armor!

The dark green devil armor fully armed Xiao Yan from head to toe, but on top of the dark green armor, looking from the bottom up, it looked like an evil formation that gathered energy, and it was like a strange creature. The devil raised Xiao Yan's evil aura to the limit.

With the Devil Armor blessed by the power of the devil, Xiao Yan's power has soared, and it is not inferior to the angel!

On the other side, light lines appeared on Mekal's cheeks, and the white light all over his body turned into dense white threads after chanting at the corners of his mouth. The breath on the silk is extremely sacred, but it is extremely scorching hot. Once it touches the power of the devil, I am afraid that extremely terrifying fluctuations will erupt.

"A light-attribute cage?"

"I'm too underestimated. It seems that we have to teach you angels a good lesson." Looking at the growing white silk cage behind Mekal, the demon Xiao Yan smiled.

"Whoosh!" The voice of the demon Xiao Yan just fell, and his footsteps suddenly kicked in the void. With the help of thrust, he sprinted directly towards Mekal.

"The Cage of Light!"

"Cleanse the devil!" Seeing Xiao Yan coming forward like a broken bamboo, Mekal smiled lightly, a white Brahman pattern rippled out from the palm of his hand, and the huge cage of light collapsed, suppressing Xiao Yan.

The cage of light is tens of thousands of feet in size, with countless sacred white silks squirming, and the sacred and inviolable light aura is undoubtedly on display.

At this time, Xiao Yan, the demon armor on his body exudes a strange color, his eyes are filled with a rare evil spirit, and he quickly blasts away at the angel.

The cage of light fell, just above the void where Xiao Yan was advancing. The countless white threads on the cage were like red-hot irons. Every time they touched Xiao Yan, they would bring bursts of white. smoke.

"Sisi." Xiao Yan was bound by the cage of light and stopped suddenly. He could clearly perceive that these sacred white silks carried his own pain, the burning pain, even Xiao Yan's soul. It can be completely restrained and suppressed.

"Let me, the traveling angel Mekal, keep you here as a demon heresy forever!" Seeing Xiao Yan sitting like a bird in a cage, he didn't dare to resist in the slightest. This piece of sky has long been riddled with holes!

The tens of thousands of meters of light imprisoned Xiao Yan just now, and countless sacred white threads quickly attacked Xiao Yan. After a while, the light cage suddenly shrank and turned into a dense white spider web. The body was completely wrapped and only the head was exposed, like a delicate white garment, crushing and purifying the demonic aura on Xiao Yan's body.

As soon as Mekal's voice fell, the angel's wings wriggled behind him, and five white flames that surpassed the sky and the earth appeared out of thin air, and immediately turned into five extremely sharp purification holy swords, quietly crawling beside him.

"The dignified parade angel...is that enough ability?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan snorted coldly and said arrogantly.

"Puchichi!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and all the cracks and shattering voices filled the white holy robe that was transformed into the cage of light all over his body.

"Kacha!" With a sound, the dark green energy tide spread out like a tide with Xiao Yan as the center. The dark green energy tide just emerged, and it turned out to be the countless sacred white silk of the spirit shaking violently, uneasy!

After the rest, the cage of light was shattered by Xiao Yan, and countless white threads were turned into pieces and fell from the sky.

Seeing this, Mekal couldn't help showing a hint of doubt on his beautiful face.

The binding power of the Light Cage is the single-piece sealing fighting skill that is second only to the forbidden technique in the light attribute. It is enough to imprison the powerhouses in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals. Moreover, he has added the power of angels by himself. Such power, Even true gods can only avoid their edge.

But a filthy demon actually broke free from his cage of light, and looked at himself with a sneering snort.

At this moment, Mekal seemed to be insulted, and his face became gloomy.

The prestige and sanctity of angels cannot be violated, let alone desecrated!

"Shabu Shabu!" With a wave of Mekal's slender hand, the five sacred holy swords of purification hummed violently, piercing the sky like a meteor, bursting out at the demon Xiao Yan.

The sky, at this moment, was completely divided into five parts by the five holy swords of purification, and even those space cracks were quietly submerged under the holy sword of purification, losing all their power.

The five holy flames are all with the strongest purification power, quietly approaching Xiao Yan, but after Xiao Yan broke through the captivity of light, it stagnates, as if he is thinking about something, and there is no sign of defense or movement. , just standing blankly above the void.

"Da Da Da!" Xiao Yan did not resist, and let the five holy swords attack. They were sacred and tyrannical, stabbing his skin all the time, touching his own demon armor, as if wearing Smash yourself to pieces through the Devil's Armor!

The harsh sound of metal collisions filled the body, causing Xiao Yan's eyes to slowly close, as if the world had nothing to do with me at this moment.

The blade on the five holy swords is extremely sharp, and the white light on the sword body emerges. Those white lights contain the real power of purification. When defending, they will be completely submerged in the five holy swords.

The five holy flames stabbed Xiao Yan from different directions, but no matter how tyrannical the holy aura on the holy sword was, it could not pierce Xiao Yan's demon armor, nor could it cause any damage to Xiao Yan.

In the sky, Xiao Yan, the demon wrapped by the five holy swords, is like a rebellious heresy, using his demonic power to resist the punishment of the angel.

"He..." Below, Lin Yunshu, Ji Xuan, and the emperor, dozens of high-ranking royal families, escorted innocent people to avoid underground ~ chose a flat mountain range, watching the sky Xiao Xiao Yan's figure became hoarse.

"He is fighting for us... If he is really able to resolve the end of this battle, our Tianxing Continent and our vassal Haohai Continent will be included in the Endless Fire Territory together."

"In the future, Tianxing Continent will be led by Qinxin alone."

"There are so many descendants in the Endless Fire Territory, why not worry about not prospering?" Looking at Xiao Yan's proudly standing body above the sky, the emperor's eyes became relieved. With his experience, he can naturally understand that a person who is positive enough What kind of potential stock is the guy who competes with the angels.

"The emperor is brilliant!" After hearing the words, many high-level officials around them showed a relieved look. They already belonged to the emperor and princess wholeheartedly, and they would not have any doubts about their orders.

"Xiao Yan... I want to win." Lin Yunshu heard the words, the big stone in his heart was completely put down, his pink fist was slowly clenched, and the complex lines on his forehead shone with a faint luster.