Chapter 83: 4 materials for resurrecting ancestor Xiao Xuan!

Xiao Yan clearly remembers that although he used to be Venerable Tianhuo on Dou Qi Continent, his master, Venerable Yao, refined his body.

At that time, when refining the body, it needed the flames from the fusion of three different fires, and the required pills were of extremely high rank, and the blood essence of the beasts was also extremely domineering, so the refining was successful!

But their strength is not as strong as their ancestor Xiao Xuan. The more powerful the soul needs, the more stringent the body is, otherwise the refined body will not be able to accommodate the powerful force and will explode in an instant, and it will be in vain in the end!

After all, only a tyrannical body has the strength to return to the peak after resurrection. The strength of the body restricts the potential of future cultivation, so this matter cannot be sloppy.

"The strength of your ancestor Xiao Xuan Jiuxing Dousheng's peak in the late stage is enough to show that he is also a gifted person, so the refined body can't be too ordinary. Now that you have the bones of this emperor, you need to cooperate with some medicinal materials. The refined body is also extremely perfect." The Golden Dragon King also stood in front of Xiao Yan and stared at the emperor's bones with satisfaction.

"Huh?" Hearing that, Xiao Yan's eyes lit up. If the emperor's bones are the main body to cooperate with many high-level medicinal pills, then the resurrected ancestor Xiao Xuan has a great possibility to break through the Dou Sheng and directly hit the seven stars. Dou Di peak!

Even if the ancestor Xiao Xuan's soul itself is only the strength of the peak of Dou Sheng, but that body is the peak of the Seven Star Dou Emperor!

A genuine peak powerhouse of the Seven Star Dou Di!

Even on this Xuanling Continent, he can become the mainstay of a detached force, and he is a character who can walk sideways!

Xiao Yan thought so passionately in his heart, and then he also put his eyes on the jade-white skeleton in front of him.

Xiao Yan's careful thinking was naturally discovered by his master, the Golden Dragon King, and then he rolled his eyes and said, "Look what makes you happy, isn't it a peak powerhouse of the Seven Star Dou Di, there is no prospect at all..."

Xiao Yan is also full of black lines. Although he vaguely knows that his master, the Golden Dragon King, must be very powerful, the powerhouse at the peak of the Seven Star Doudi is also a symbol of a powerhouse. As valuable as it is, there was a moment of speechlessness.

"Okay, you put away the bones of the emperor first, and I'll tell you in detail."

"Remember to wrap it in your flame." The Golden Dragon King was also speaking.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and then he thought to himself, although this emperor's skeleton is powerful, it has been burning like this by his own strange fire...

Will it burn out? Although this strange fire of my own is not comparable to the power of the holy flame of the Dou Di Continent, its power is also very important. Such precious bones are hard to come by...

Xiao Yan's distraction naturally couldn't escape the eyes of his master, the Golden Dragon King, and then the Golden Dragon King said in a very contemptuous tone.

"Cut, with the power of your flames, you still want to burn the bones of the emperor? Don't dream. You can use your power of flame to strike with all your might, and you won't be able to break the bones of the emperor."

Xiao Yan also scratched his head in embarrassment when he heard the words, and then the milky white flame instantly enveloped the bones of the emperor.

"Senior is offended."

Xiao Yan said abruptly, then bowed deeply, without hesitation, the milky white flame skeleton in front of him turned into a beam of light and strung into the ring on Xiao Yan's finger.

After doing all this, Xiao Yan nodded and said with a chuckle: "Master, now I have merged 23 kinds of different fires, and I am still a first-order emperor-grade pharmacist, as strong as a seven-star fighting emperor peak powerhouse. The bones are also available, so is it possible to refine the body that accommodates the soul for the ancestors?"

Hearing Xiao Yan's words, the Golden Dragon King was stunned, and immediately felt a little relieved, he touched Xiao Yan's head, changed his appearance, and said with a smile, "The normal body refining is quite simple, but refining Dou Di is strong. The materials needed for the victim's body are too rare and even terrifying, so this matter cannot be rushed."

Even if he is as powerful as the Golden Dragon King, he is eager to be reborn. Although Xiao Yan is still very weak in front of him, the Golden Dragon King believes that the person in front of him will one day bring him back to life.

After all, no one's soul would be willing to live in the darkness of the sky, and the Golden Dragon King still has his own things to do...

"What materials do I need? Now I also have the title of elder in the Qingcheng Alchemist Association. With the addition of the Yue family, maybe I can let them search." Xiao Yan asked.

"These things can't be obtained by searching." The Golden Dragon King gave a wry smile, but looking at Xiao Yan's earnest gaze, he nodded helplessly and said, "I want to refine something that can hold the soul of your ancestors. If you have a body, and resurrect your ancestors, the most important thing is not many, but four things are needed."

Seeing the four fingers stretched out by his master, the Golden Dragon King, Xiao Yan also hurriedly focused and listened.

"First, create a blood-shaping pill."

"Second, the bloodline of the blood of the seventh-grade emperor-ranked Warcraft."

"Third, the skeleton of a Dou Di strong man."

"Fourth, the soul of the resurrected person, even if it is a shard imprint, as long as it has the power of the soul."

Hearing that four things slowly popped out of the mouth of his master, the Golden Dragon King, Xiao Yan's original fiery expression gradually changed to sluggishness.

Plastic Health Building Blood Pill?

This thing is that Xiao Yan's first-class alchemist does not know it at all, but fortunately, he knows from his well-informed master Jinlongwang This is the third-order peak of the dignified emperor. , and even able to step into the top of the imperial medicine pill, the legendary super elixir that can immediately save the living dead as long as there is still a drop of blood.

The first-order emperor-grade medicinal pills are further divided into the third-grade Tiandi Xuan, followed by the second-grade emperor-grade, Tiandi-Xuan, and then the third-grade emperor-grade...

The improvement of a pharmacist, his strength, and his soul power are inseparable, and this first one alone stumped Xiao Yan.

The bloodline of the bloodline of the seventh-grade emperor-ranked Warcraft?

This is astonishingly the same strength as the peak powerhouse of the Seven Star Dou Emperor in front of him! In front of the seven-star Dou Emperor peak powerhouse, even escaping is particularly difficult. Could it be that you allow yourself to kill a monster that is comparable to the human seven-star Dou Emperor peak powerhouse? Not sure who kills who?

A monster of this level is not a one-sided overlord, and it is not something that Xiao Yan can afford now!

The first rank of the Warcraft Emperor is like a human one-star fighting emperor, but it is not known who is stronger or weaker in the real competition.

The skeleton of a strong fighting emperor?

There is a ready-made one in front of this one, which saves Xiao Yan a lot of trouble. Otherwise, would it be possible that Xiao Yan would have to slaughter a seven-star Dou Emperor peak powerhouse?

The soul imprint of the ancestor Xiao Xuan, this Xiao Yan already has it.

Although there is still a long way to go before the blood of monsters and the blood-shaping pill, but the two of the four materials are already available, Xiao Yan also nodded slightly.

Having a goal is better than blindly looking for it.

My master is knowledgeable and knowledgeable, and according to this material to prepare, the resurrection day of the ancestor Xiao Xuan is not far away.

Looking at Xiao Yan, whose face was full of surprise, the Golden Dragon King also slowly said with relief.

"This son really has a heart."