Chapter 450: Assault on Medusa's 9 Great Tribes 1!

"This puppet is really terrifying." Seeing Yan Xiao slowly withdraw from the refining state, everyone smacked their tongues secretly.

This Dan Thunder Tribulation, which used to be the most troublesome for alchemists in the past, how did it come into the hands of this named Yan Xiao, but it was like a great supplement.

In addition to the terrifying aura emanating from the golden puppet, the rest of the eight felt a sense of fear.

"It's really been a long time since I've made medicinal pills, so I can't help but feel a little unfamiliar." Yan Xiao put away the golden demon puppet, then stood up and stretched lazily.

"Hey, little brother Yan Xiao has such a method of refining medicine, but some pharmacists of the first rank of emperor rank earth pill are not too stubborn." The coyote said with a slight smile.

Obviously, Yan Xiao's medicine refining technique made the coyote respect this kid!

A pharmacist with a first-grade emperor rank earth pill can at best invite a two-star or three-star fighting emperor. As for a six-star fighting emperor like them, they need a pharmacist with a second or higher emperor rank.

It's just that the coyote didn't underestimate this Yan Xiao at all. First, he had a huge soul power at the peak of the emperor's mortal level, and now he was skilled in refining medicine. With the addition of the puppet that was comparable to the perfection of the five-star fighting emperor, the coyote made the coyote. This six-star fighting emperor has to pay attention!

The boy named Yan Xiao in front of him is not simple.

"Take, these medicinal pills to restore vindictive energy... Jiedu pills..." Tang Tang took dozens of medicinal pills in Yan Xiao's hand and distributed them.

The first-grade pill of the emperor rank can be auctioned for a sky-high price in the outside world. The head of the blood blade mercenary group is so willing. It seems that this mission should be of great wealth, otherwise the blood blade mercenary group should be of great wealth. The people of the Corps did not take it for granted, and gave everyone such an expensive medicinal pill for no reason.

"Let's go, to the depths of the lonely desert of death."

"When you go inside, you will meet the nine major tribes of the Medusa family. I hope we have good luck." Tang Tang said slightly.

"What exactly is this mission going to do..." Yan Xiao couldn't help but said slightly in his heart.

"Go!" Several people looked at each other one after another, and then walked directly in the desert.

The direction of the advance was exactly one of the nine major tribes of the Medusa clan, but at this time, there was already a group of people where Yan Xiao and the others were going to pass.

"This lonely desert of death is really weird. The short distance has actually wasted ten days of our time." Xuanmo complained quite a bit.

"Okay, there is one of the nine major tribes of the Medusa clan in front of us. Let's grab their tribal leader and find out the whereabouts of the temple. Let's go." King Xuanling said vigilantly.

"Yes." The crowd responded.

"But I don't know which tribe in the Medusa family..." Qin Tian narrowed his eyes and stared at a large tribe in front of him.

"Chen Feng, let's go, you are cultivating wind-type fighting spirit, and the task of infiltrating is left to you." Qin Tian said after thinking.

After Qin Tian finished speaking, a strong figure walked out behind him: "Yes."

This person is the eighth-ranked Mu Chenfeng in the Dragon Addiction Legion!

A powerhouse in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di, the wind attribute Dou Qi of cultivation has long been consummate.

In front of the eleven people is a huge city with an area of ​​dozens of miles.

And it is more appropriate to say that it is a rather large city rather than a tribe.

The city rises from the ground in the desert. The city walls are the same as the khaki sand in the desert. They are astonishingly khaki. Although I don’t know how these snake people built the city in the desert, I have to say that this Such a method made many people in the Dragon Addiction Legion secretly surprised.

After all, if you want to build a city in this desert of death, it can be extremely difficult.

Not to mention the construction of this house, just to resist the desert storm in this lonely desert of death is a huge problem.

At this time, 30 meters above the ground, a city wall suddenly appeared. On the city wall, some snake people were walking constantly. They were able-bodied and wearing silver armor. body is wrapped.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The whole city is square, and there are four gates in the south, east, north and west, but at this time, on the city wall, there is a strong vigilance in the eyes and eyes of those snakes. Once anyone approaches, they will not hesitate. Get started!

"Did you find anything unusual?" A snake man who seemed to be in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Di slowly appeared on the city wall, and then said to the snake man who was patrolling back and forth.

"Reporting to the little princess, I haven't found anything unusual for the time being." The patrolling snake guard said.

There is a lot of respect in the voice. The snake people with the strength of the six-star fighting emperor in front of them have a very high status in their tribe.

Just because she is the chief's daughter.

"Yep."

"Stay vigilant, I don't know why, the captain of the Medusa Guard and some elders suddenly held a meeting a few days ago. Now the leaders of the nine major tribes of the Medusa family have all secretly went to the meeting place."

"In order to prevent humans from breaking through sneak attacks, we must not relax our vigilance." The snake man in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Di opened his mouth slowly.

"Yes!" The patrolling Snake Guard responded, and then started patrolling.

"What's going on these days... my eyelids have been twitching, and I have been frightened all the time. I don't know if there is something important to discover." The snake man in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Di said to himself, and then walked down the city wall. .

The city wall is 30 meters high, and through the city wall, there is still a long distance from the place where the snake people live.

The square city wall should be just for the background of the storm.

In the early stage of Six-Star Dou Di, the snake man walked down the city wall and was about to leave, the surrounding space actually wriggled slightly. Can't make any sound.

"Woooooo..." The snake people in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor suddenly realized something and struggled fiercely But how could the snake people in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor be in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor? Mu Chenfeng's opponent, after a while, the snake man in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Di was unconscious.

Mu Chenfeng raised his brows instantly, and suddenly found that the snake man in his hand seemed to be unique.

That jade-like skin that can be broken by bullets, coupled with those attractive red lips, if it wasn't for this Mu Chenfeng's very good concentration, I'm afraid he would be instantly excited by evil fire. After all, the snake people are naturally charming and extremely charming. It's tempting, but fortunately, people who can add dragon-loving legion, how can they be ordinary people, so Mu Chenfeng instantly bound the snake man in his hand, and then hid his figure, trying to go out of the city.

"Who!" A cold snort appeared, and the next moment, the space where Mu Chenfeng was hiding was forcibly shattered by this terrifying voice, revealing Mu Chenfeng's true face.

"The strong snake people in the early days of the Eight-Star Dou Di... Now it's troublesome." Mu Chenfeng sullenly looked at the figure in front of him.

In front of Mu Chenfeng was a middle-aged woman. Even if the woman was older, she still had the same style. The pair of beautiful legs that were quite round were constantly crossed, revealing a very charming strength. The small nose bridge and the small snake pupils are more charming, but on the jade hand, many coquettish little snakes hang on it, the woman's face is gloomy, and the face on that face is extremely unhappy!

Because at this time, Mu Chenfeng, the woman in his arms is the daughter of the strong snake man in the early days of the Eight-Star Dou Di!

Ask for tickets!

Tomorrow, we will reply to the second update every day on 7.1!