Chapter 75: The skeleton of the emperor!

As the figure of the elegant man slowly disappeared in this world, through the stone room, a majestic coercion also came from the jade-white skeleton.

"This should be true, right?" Xiao Yan also muttered to himself, the owner of the ruins had previously created some so-called yin and yang combination of deceitful things, as well as many formations to obscure the eyes, Xiao Yan was also afraid of this What else happened, and immediately looked around vigilantly.

If you look around, you can see everything in this stone room. Entering from the stone gate, there are medicinal herbs growing everywhere, and a path is exposed in the middle leading to the depths of the stone gate.

In the depths of the stone room, on a slightly high step, a body of jade-white skeleton slowly appeared...

On the slightly high steps, a throne appeared in the eyes of the two of them. The skeleton above the throne was exactly the same as the one just outside!

Xiao Yan also shrank his eyes tightly. Even this long-lost emperor's strength during his lifetime was extremely terrifying. If it was the resurrected Seven Star Dou Emperor, Xiao Yan and Su Xueying would probably be about to die. The situation, but fortunately this is just a skeleton that has been lost for many years.

But Xiao Yan didn't dare to take it lightly, and immediately looked around with vigilance, and then looked at the skeleton sitting cross-legged with fiery eyes. From Xiao Yan and Su Xueying's perception, they knew that this was the deepest part of the ruins. The seat of the emperor.

Seven Star Dou Di, this level, even for them, has an irresistible temptation, but they also know that under the irresistible temptation, crises also coexist!

The powerhouses of the Seven Star Dou Emperor may be able to stand alone in this Mysterious Spirit Continent, but they are still far from the true peak.

However, the value contained in the bones and even the blood of the seven-star Dou Di powerhouse cannot be measured by money.

And above that, Dou Di and Dou Xian, this is almost a process of qualitative change, the gap between the two, almost nothing can make up...

"Is this the remains of a strong man as strong as the Seven Star Dou Di..." Xiao Yan muttered to himself, because it was only from the perception of breath and soul power, the strength and toughness contained in this skeleton were stronger than Xiao Yan's. What Yan has encountered before is several times stronger!

"That's it!" Su Xueying looked at the few drops of blood-red liquid on top of the bones from a distance, and couldn't help but a trace of fiery flashes in her beautiful eyes.

The blood of the emperor!

That's the purpose of her trip!

Even if you want to get it at all costs, otherwise you...

Xiao Yan took a deep breath of cold air and started walking into the stone room. Looking around carefully.

In the spacious stone room, many medicinal materials grow from the stone door, but the strange thing is that there is not a trace of plant growth around the skeleton located in the innermost part of the stone room.

Looking at the more and more medicinal materials, and looking around the skeletons near the stone chamber, Xiao Yan suddenly felt an unpleasant feeling, and then he saw that something seemed to be stepped on under his feet. He grabbed Su Xueying next to him and ran to the place where he entered, and said solemnly: "Fast back!"

"Uh?''

Xiao Yan's strange behavior made Su Xueying confused, but she also had an attitude of preferring to believe Xiao Yan's words or not, so although she was very doubtful about the purpose of his actions, Or immediately showed his body and hurriedly followed.

When Xiao Yan's figure retreated sharply, Su Xueying immediately sensed that something was wrong, she activated the cyan battle qi around her body, picked up a stone with her hand, and flew towards the surroundings of the skeleton.

The stone just came into contact with the space next to the emperor's skeleton, and it stopped moving as if it had hit a thick wall.

Then Xiao Yan saw that the originally dry emperor's skeleton suddenly appeared a slight squirming, and then the space around the skeleton collapsed into countless extremely sharp space spikes, piercing the stone. superior.

"Boom boom boom!"

The terrifying power instantly gathered towards the stones in the air, and the powerful power made the stones vanish!

Su Xueying also noticed the strangeness of the skeleton at this time, and then Mei Mu stared at the skeleton of the emperor, because she was shocked to see which drops of blood-red liquid that had been hovering on the palm of the skeleton, gently dripped onto the skeleton. On the skeleton sitting cross-legged.

"That blood essence... seems to be fused on top of the bones!" Su Xueying also opened her mouth slightly!

Looking at the blood that fell on the jade-white bones, a feeling of extreme unease quietly emerged from the hearts of the two of them.

Xiao Yan's eyes were fixed on the blood dripping on the bones. At this moment, the blood was slid, but it quietly penetrated like water that met cotton.

When all the blood had penetrated into the skeleton, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly shrank. At this moment, he suddenly felt that some life had emerged from the originally dry skeleton in front of him that had been lost for unknown years.

"Damn, go back!"''

Su Xueying was also quick to respond, and the moment she sensed the vitality, a rapid roar came from her mouth. At the same time, her feet stomped the ground, and her body was shot back like lightning. .

Just when they were about to go backwards the jade-white skeleton sitting cross-legged on the stone seat trembled slightly, and then, the moment after the blood-red blood merged into the jade-white body, the hollow In the middle-dark skull, two faint blood-red colors appeared flickeringly.

"Squeak!''

Just when the two exited the stone room, there was a sudden sound of bones twisting in the originally silent stone room. Under this sound, Xiao Yan and Su Xue also looked at each other, and then stared at Yu Yu. The white skeleton, on the skeleton, a breath of blood mist permeates the depths of the entire stone room.

The **** aura spread out from the depths of the stone room at this moment, and the whole stone room filled with more seriousness.

"Squeaky!''

The sound of the skeleton touching the ground is from far to near. The sound is not loud, but it is like stepping on the hearts of the two, making people feel extremely depressed.

"Be careful... don't separate."

Xiao Yan's face was solemn, and he turned his head to Su Xueying and the others and said in a low voice, this situation is completely out of control, the resurrection of the emperor's bones is really too terrifying.

Su Xueying also nodded. She came here to gather enough information, but she obviously did not expect that the master of the ruins would be resurrected. If things go wrong this time, I am afraid that both of them will have to be buried here... …

In the stone room, the blood mist slowly fluctuated under the gazes of the two of them. Immediately, a skeleton whose whole body was dyed blood red by the power of essence and blood walked slowly through the blood mist and appeared in the second place. People look down.

"Beat me, live!''

"The loser, die!"

The blood-colored skeleton stopped a few meters in front of the two, and slowly raised his head. In the empty eyes, blood flashed, and an ancient and hoarse indifferent voice sounded softly in the stone room.

​​