Chapter Vol 4 1276: Forge the Thunder Valley Council!

Xiao Yan left the auction house and headed towards the Alchemist Association, but the two were far apart, so it must have taken some time, and while Xiao Yan was on his way, there was a shocking scene in Leicheng. thing.

A rather mysterious place in Leicheng.

Surrounded by thunder clouds all day long, the spiritual energy of heaven and earth is much denser than any other place, and cultivating here is tantamount to cultivating in a holy place for the cultivators of the thunder attribute. One of the attributes of destruction, thus becoming the ruler of Eastern Continent.

Forged Knife Thunder Valley.

Although it has been rumored that the entrance to Thunder Valley, the dominant force in Dongzhou, is in Thunder City, almost no one knows its specific entrance.

At this time, at the core of the Forged Blade Thunder Valley, a lot of powerhouses have already gathered.

In a rather important valley in the Thunder Valley of Forging Knives, several tyrannical breaths slowly emanated.

In this valley, there is a flat square. The square is circular, and circles of circular ripples are slowly projected towards the center of the square. At this time, a total of eight seats are slowly arranged in a certain order on the square. Standing on the periphery of the square, there are already six figures on the seats, and there are two seats that are empty. As for the center of the square, a man with a figure slowly comes into everyone's sight.

This man was covered with silver armor all over his body. On top of the armor, layers of mysterious silver runes seemed to carry some extremely mysterious power to protect the man. Behind the man, a silver-gold cloak added to the man His overlord aura, above the silver-gold cloak, also contained some mysterious runes, surrounded by rather strange silver thunder, which pushed the man's aura to the limit.

At this time, throughout the valley, the sound of sharpening weapons and thunder could be heard everywhere.

"Hey, Thunder Valley Master, I haven't seen you for a long time. Your old strength seems to have increased a lot." At this time, one of the six seats was the first to speak.

This is the owner of the auction house, his strength has reached the level of four-star fighting immortals, and he is dressed in cyan robes, all revealing a refined atmosphere, but even so, no one dares to underestimate him, after all, this guy is an auction house. Xingzhu, in terms of identity, the status is extremely tyrannical.

As the owner of the auction house, he is also good at dealing with people, so he was the first to speak.

"Haha, the owner of the auction house, you have won the prize."

"Your strength seems to have improved a lot." The man in the silver cloak smiled slowly. The voice just came out, and it was like the sound of thunder, which came into everyone's ears, and everyone couldn't help but be slightly surprised. Out of the customs, it seems to be more arrogant.

"The strength of the owner of the valley is really becoming more and more unfathomable. With the owner of the valley, our East Continent will become the first of the four continents, and it is just around the corner." The auction house owner Zai Du said.

"Okay, stop talking nonsense."

"Now there are six sects gathered here, but there are still two sects that are too late, and I don't know what the Valley Master is looking for from us..."

"Why don't we start first." The burly man on the other seat stood up and said.

The person who spoke at this time was a burly man with a burly body, standing slowly in front of everyone, and his aura was not weak, but he also reached the strength of the four-star fighting immortal level, the president of the mercenary union!

"Everyone, don't be impatient, it's a matter of great importance, let's wait." The man in the silver cloak said, after speaking, it was quiet here, and everyone was thinking about something.

Here, it is the inside of the Thunder Valley of Forged Knives, the Valley of Forged Knives!

And now gathered here are the eight famous minds of the eight great forces in the entire Thunder City.

auction.

Alchemist Association.

Mercenary Union.

Wooden Pavilion.

Blood Cloth Sect.

The Six Holy Religion.

Ice Soul Palace.

Fenghua Valley.

A full eight superpowers!

It can be said unceremoniously that these eight forces are the most famous forces in Leicheng, and they even have quite a good reputation in the entire Eastern Continent.

And among the minds of these eight forces, the lowest strength is also the four-star fighting immortal level. Now that the Master of Forge Thunder Valley has gathered them here, I am afraid there is no plan.

The Valley of Forged Knives can be regarded as the true holy place of Thunder Valley of Forged Knives. At this time, there are no outsiders here except for them. I am afraid that the owner of Thunder Valley of Forged Knives has summoned them to discuss something.

The man in the silver cloak is the true overlord of the entire Eastern Continent today, the master of the Thunder Valley Valley. He was the one who spent a lot of money to build it for himself. It is said that with the increase in armor and cloak, his strength is probably invincible among the five-star fighting immortals.

"The minds of Fenghuagu and Muge haven't come yet." After a while, a man in gorgeous clothes said slightly when he saw the Valley Master speak.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Don't look at this guy's smiling face, but the terrifying aura emanating from his whole body is chilling.

This is an alchemist, and his rank is not low!

This person is the president of the Leicheng Alchemist Association!

Although everyone present is also ranked among the four-star Fighting Immortals, the rank of the president of the Alchemist Association is a 5th rank alchemist of the Immortal Rank. A pharmacist of this level is undoubtedly It can make the Five Star Fighting Immortals treat them with respect.

"The president of the Alchemist Association really likes to joke."

"It's just that we encountered some other things on the way, so we delayed a little time." Just when the president of the Alchemist Association finished his words, the void around the circular square suddenly trembled strangely, and then a wave of spatial fluctuations slowed down. Slowly it came out, and suddenly a thin figure wrapped in evil black energy was thrown out, and two women walked out.

The aura on the two women is also extremely terrifying. The two women's faces are quite soft, but the murderous intent hidden under the softness makes people shudder.

"This is……"

"Sinner?" The other six powerhouses who were present saw this, but looked at the sinner who was thrown to the ground like a dead dog in front of him, and said in shock.

Although the strength of this sinner is only at the 3-star Dou Xian perfection level, but through him, the top powerhouses above the East Continent can detect the den of sin, and thus bring them all together!

If Xiao Yan were here, he would definitely know that the guy in front of him was the old man who asked for directions back then!

"Among the disciples who signed up for the Dongzhou competition, there was one person with good strength, but this guy was eyeing him. We happened to pass by and we solved it easily." The pavilion master of the wooden pavilion said slowly.

At this moment, the minds of the eight superpowers, together with the master of the Thunder Valley Valley, a total of nine people, three women and six men, all gathered here, plotting something!