Chapter Vol 4 2096: Confession of fate or a crazy fight?

"Boom!" Above the Linggu sky, there were countless dark clouds, lightning flashes and thunder in the dark clouds, and the power of thunder was extremely fierce.

At a certain moment, a black thunderbolt was vented down from the sky, and the earth below was forcibly cut into an abyss crater several kilometers. The power is truly appalling.

"Since everyone has refined the medicinal herbs, the little girl is also a shame."

"Come out!" With a coquettish hum, Ling Zixi's eyes suddenly became dignified, the flame medicine cauldron in front of him exploded directly, and an emerald-colored round pill was suddenly exposed in the air.

"Weng buzzing!" For a time, the entire sky shook violently, and the thunderclouds above the sky were also changing rapidly.

"This is... Immortal Rank Seventh Grade Earth Rank Pill Wanyuan Pill?"

"It is said that the medicinal effect of this medicinal pill is quite mysterious. In addition to the many requirements for refining techniques, it is even more comparable to the seventh-grade Tiandan of the Immortal Rank."

"Wait, is that... the three-color Seven Profound Demon Lightning?"

"I'll drop it, darling." Outside the altar mountain, the strong men couldn't sit still. Seeing that Lingzixi had successfully refined such a terrifying medicinal pill, he immediately sighed. It is that some of the seven-star fighting immortals in the middle and late stages of the battle are not confident enough to take over.

"Old Lingxi, it seems that this time, your Spirit Clan has produced a genius for refining medicine."

"Being able to refine such a terrifying Wanyuan Pill at such a young age, the achievements in the future will be limitless, and it is still a class of women, which really reflects that sentence."

"Women don't let men." Yao Xuanyi clasped his fists and said to He Xi, the old lady of the Spiritual Race, when other powerhouses saw this, they followed suit.

Such a young immortal-rank seventh-grade Xuan-rank peak elixir has even led to three-color seven mysterious magic thunder, and his future achievements may be limitless.

"Hehe, I have thanked all of you for your love for Zixi. Zixi is only able to achieve what she has achieved by relying on the background of the clan. Compared with the Yao clan, it is nothing." Old Lingxi said humbly, but there was a smile on his cheeks. But there is an undisguised pride.

Although Ling Zixi has spent a lot of their spiritual clan treasures, but looking at it now, the effect is naturally worth it.

"There is still a little time before the thunder tribulation will come down completely."

"But I just don't know what Xiao Yan is doing. People from the Xiao family will not give up so easily."

"Is he still waiting for something..." Ling Zixi was entrenched in the air, quietly guarding the emerald-colored elixir, and her face was extremely solemn, because after the breath, she was facing the three-color seven mysterious demons Lei, with that level of power, I am afraid it is comparable to the peak blow of a late stage Seven Star Fighting Immortal powerhouse. With her strength, it is naturally not a small challenge.

"Haha, since Miss Ling Zixi has been successfully refined, I can't wait for the guy from the ancient race, so it's time to take action."

"Come out for me, Immortal Rank Seventh Grade Heaven Pill, Blood Bodhisattva Pill!" Suddenly, Shen Hong roared coldly, and his hands suddenly slid into the medicine cauldron surrounded by his raging fire. Instantly, the handprints changed abruptly. After a while, An extremely surging power actually merged under the gaze of countless people.

"Pfft!" A harsh voice emerged, and the blood-red elixir in the medicine cauldron was completely formed. At the moment when it was fused and formed, an unusually flickering blood-red red glow resembled the body of a compassionate Bodhisattva, and behind him was even more With a round of bright moon rising from the ground, it looks beautiful.

It suddenly exploded out of the medicine cauldron below, and immediately the medicine cauldron turned into countless powders and exploded, and the blood-red red mansions Bodhisattva stepped directly into the sky, rushing into the thick thunderclouds in the sky, Unleash its power.

"Boom!" With the injection of the power of the Bloody Red Mansions Bodhisattva, the colorless black thundercloud above the sky actually began to shake violently. Everyone, and above the thundercloud, there are as many as five colors of thunderclouds rolling.

"It turned out to be a five-color Seven Profound Demon Lightning?" At this moment, some powerhouses felt an unprecedented depression, and what was even more unexpected to them was that there actually appeared in this Xiyue Sect a person capable of causing the five-color Seven Profound Demons. Ray's young powerhouse?

The immortal-rank seventh-grade heaven-level medicinal pill, the blood bodhisattva demon pill, the five-colored seven mysterious magic thunder, and the simple three-line characters represent the peak of success in the current medicine clan festival. If there are no stronger ones, I am afraid This champion is none other than him!

"The five-colored Seven Profound Demon Thunders are really tricky." Watching this scene, Shen Hong's body lifted into the air, carrying a blood-red mellow elixir, and there was a contempt for Ling Zixi in his words. .

"You two, are you in such a hurry?" At the time when the two were arguing, an extremely arrogant voice burst out from below.

"Yao Yichen?" Ling Zixi and Shen Hong roared in unison.

Yao Yichen's talent in refining medicine, even the two of them were heart palpitations, and now listening to this kind of words, I couldn't help but feel nervous.

"The five-colored seven-profound magic thunder is really extraordinary, but just based on this, it would be too whimsical to take away the title of the No. 1 alchemist in the mainland." Yao Yichen said coldly, holding a rather delicate cyan medicinal pill in the palm of his hand. A streak of colorful clouds erupted, directly strung into the thunderclouds in the sky. At that time, the thunderclouds were rolling over, but the power contained in them was a faint momentum to overwhelm Shen Hong!

"The seven-colored Seven Profound Demon Thunder, the pinnacle of the seventh-grade immortal rank... How is that possible?" After a while, a gust of wind blew up the sky, suddenly turning the entire void into darkness, and a round of thunder that was only a few meters in size Cloud, entrenched in the face of Yao Yichen.

Above the thunder cloud, there are seven colors, and the power of the seven colors is constantly merging, converging, and circulating, and it seems to have some kind of terrible power that shakes the world!

"It seems that the outcome is already divided At this moment, Ling Zixi was also unable to shake his head, and could only cast his gaze on the eighth peak of Xiao Yan, who was sitting quietly.

"Wait...this guy?" Just when he thought about it, Ling Zixi's beautiful eyes found that Xiao Yan, who had been sitting quietly on the eighth peak, was standing slowly at this time. When he got up, his eyes flashed with unprecedented madness, and the smile on the corner of his mouth was full of madness, which made people shudder.

A very strange scene was reflected in his eyes.

It seems that his goal... is the Seven Profound Demonic Lightning that is about to vent on the back of their heads.

And just when Xiao Yan got up, some guys with good eyesight actually found that although Xiao Yan was weak, the medicinal materials in the medicine cauldron had already merged, but there was still something missing.

"What does this guy want to do?" In the altar mountain, countless people looked at Xiao Yan with puzzled faces. According to the movement caused by this guy during the first and second rounds of the test, they would never dare to underestimate this guy. , I just don't know if this guy will accept his fate this time, or will he stir up a more terrifying storm?