Chapter Vol 4 1912: Kill 100,000, fill the magic cube

The latest website: "How... how is it possible?" At this moment, the whole place was silent and silent!

Who would have thought that the top leader of one of the ten major forces in the dignified demon world would actually fall into the hands of a guy in the early stage of Seven Star Fighting Immortals?

Such a huge disparity makes these Monster Beast Legions unbelievable for a while, but the fact is in front of them, and they can't help not believe it!

At this moment, the densely packed 100,000 Monster Beast Legion below and the rest of the top executives stared at Xiao Yan, who was weak in the sky, and a frenzied anger spread out uncontrollably.

"Lord Xiao Yan... it really is extraordinary!"

"Hahaha!"

"With my body, help burn the demon pill, wake up, our soldiers!" At this moment, the Tianhu Yaoshuai below snorted coldly, and the high-pitched voice flashed out with a trace of snow-white fluff. That kind of sign, It turned out to be directly trying to wake up the controlled soldiers by giving up their life force.

"I...we, where is this?"

"Master Xiao Yan Yaoshuai?" The thousand elites struggled violently when they were touched by Tianhu Yaoshuai's fluff. After the breath, Charming Yaoshuai's control was easily disintegrated, and it returned to normal immediately. Breaking away from the control of the monster army in a state of shock, Xiao Yan moved closer to the sky.

"Sir, how is the situation?" Tianhu Yaoshuai flashed a terrifying sheen, and with a jump, he came to Xiao Yan's side, and asked with pious and fiery eyes, as if his life was passing quickly.

"You..." Xiao Yan said weakly, seeing Tianhu Yaoshuai acting like this, he was immediately surprised.

"It's okay, this is a treasure given to me by the Lord Monster King. Although there will be some sequelae, compared with the righteousness of the Lord, it is very different." Tianhu Yaoshuai smiled casually, his voice towards Xiao Yan Appreciation and respect, nothing to hide.

"Well, but now, I'm afraid the situation is more complicated than I imagined." Xiao Yan muttered with a dull look.

I thought that after the evil-eyed demon king was wiped out, this demonic beast army would be disintegrated, so Xiao Yan was able to deal with it in secret, and he could use their strength to go to the ancient battlefield for reinforcements.

But now, with the fall of the evil-eyed demon king, every monster in the mighty army of 100,000 monsters has its body tightly tensed, and the monster eyes are filled with a heaven-shattering aura. The breath is enough to make the strong people present fear!

"Dead... dead?" At this moment, Shi Xie Yaoshuai's body suddenly shook, temporarily shaking the dark underworld warrior back, and then he lost his voice when he looked at the bloody, bloodless demon king below.

"What should I do now?" After some rescue, Rao was helpless with the power of Shi Xie and Charming Yao, and the two high-level executives immediately muttered.

"Kill kill kill!"

"Avenge your lord!" Just when the two high-level executives hesitated, the mighty voice behind them resounded like a thundering Sanskrit sound that shattered nine days, accompanied by their neat and violent aura, like the death of one by one. The messenger can deprive human beings at will. .

"The army attacks, kill me!" With a roar, the army of 100,000 monsters immediately attacked Xiao Yan and the others in a mighty manner. The aura contained in it was probably even more tyrannical than the evil-eyed demon king just now!

"Sir." At this moment, the Demon Commander Tianhu and the thousand elites behind him had a very solemn scarlet in the eyes of the demon, that kind of death like a soldier who was ready to fight for his life.

"Everyone, the demon king is dead. If you are willing to surrender to us, you can reward the blood of the demon beast and help its strength soar." Xiao Yan forcibly supported his body, and immediately floated into the sky, facing the numb scalp below. The terrifying monster army said.

"Monster blood?"

"Could it be... the blood of the demon beasts obtained from the tomb of the demon emperor?"

"This Xiao Yan has entered the tomb of the demon emperor, and in addition to defeating the evil-eyed demon king, this is..." Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and suddenly a mighty army of hundreds of thousands of demon beasts, one of them. The monsters couldn't help but feel their hearts throbbing. After all, the strong in the demon world are respected, and such strong people are worthy of their following and loyalty.

"There will be no more people who disobey the army's heart."

"Kill Wushe!" With his keen soul power, the budding moment in the hearts of some monsters, Charming Monster and Monster Commander easily obliterated them with lightning speed. That kind of attack can be said to be a real form of attack. God is dead.

"Kill!" After the person who disturbed the military's heart was strangled by Charming Demon and Demon Commander, the army of 100,000 Monster Beasts did not dare to have second thoughts, and surrounded Xiao Yan and the others in a mighty manner.

"Damn..." At this moment, Xiao Yan stepped on the void forcefully and breathlessly, looking at Charming Monster and Demon Commander's methods, he said coldly, but now his aura is quite weak, this army of 100,000 monsters The power is not weaker than that of the evil-eyed demon king, and it is even more heart-pounding than the former.

"Sir, leave these guys to us."

"You are so kind and kind, I will wait, even if I die, I am willing to swear to pursue you."

"Tianhu Fairy Tail!"

"Blast me!"

"The body of the mysterious ape, give me a blast!" For a while, behind Xiao Yan, the nine demon generals and the Tianhu demon handsome, plus a thousand elites, laughed at the same time. Their smiles contained a hint of concern for Xiao. Yan's absolute surrender, at the same time, the power in his body suddenly exploded.

"You..." At this moment, Xiao Yan's voice suddenly became hoarse and became choked up. Looking at the thousand elites behind him, who were not afraid of death, they threw themselves into the encirclement of the 100,000 Monster Beast Legion one after another. At the expense of blocking the advance of this army, the scarlet bloodstains kept appearing in Xiao Yan's eyes, and Xiao Yan's body couldn't help trembling.

"Master Yaoshuai, these elites of a thousand people seem to be ready to die with us... This is not afraid of death, our army has lost one-twentieth of the loss." Not long after, the entire monster army rose up to resist, It's just that the power of the thousand-level elite broke out a gap in their legion.

"Sir, hurry up!" At this moment, the thousand monsters, with their instincts and the chilling aura of fighting for their lives, forcibly tore a weak gap, and all the monsters lost their voices.

Even if they fall here, as long as Yaoshuai Xiao Yan can leave, then everything will be worth it.

"I am a handsome demon, and it is impossible to leave my subordinates and escape independently."

"If you want to go, then let's go together!" Xiao Yan said decisively, at the same time, the Burning Jue and the wood-type fire-type fighting core within his body shook uncontrollably.

"Sir, you can't let us fall in vain!"

"We beg you, let's go!" Seeing that the gap that they had torn apart after a lot of effort was slowly filled by the army of monsters, these guys roared almost heart-to-heart.

"Mother-in-law's..."

"Since you insist on doing this, then this commander is giving you one last big gift!"

"Huoxin Tianyan, come out!"

"Ghost face and soul inflammation, come out!"

"Empty Ice Flame, come out!"

"Immortal Flame out!"

"Undead fire, come out!" A high-pitched voice, like a real god's mansion, swept the entire battlefield with an unquestionable divine voice.

"This is... five holy flames?"

"How is that possible?" At this moment, Charming Yaoyaoshuai and Shi Xie's pupils shrank tightly and lost their voices.

"Give me a fusion!" The spiritual palace in the body shook violently, and the five-color flames quickly merged under the gaze of countless eyes.

After the breath, a faint lotus seed with five-color lustre emerged, and when the five-color lotus seed flickered out, the light pattern on Xiao Yan's forehead brightened, and he shouted wildly, filling the air: "That's it. End it."

"Five-colored Buddhas reincarnate in anger, slaughtering ghosts and gods together!"

A roar resounded through the heavens and the earth, accompanied by the five-color lotus seeds and the light pattern on the forehead, a destructive aura that surpassed the heavens and the earth filled the entire battlefield!