Chapter Vol 4 2166: 2 king ranks, the evil king of life and death!

After the turmoil just now, Xiao Yan is also clear that this little guy of the puppet king seems to be the descendant of a supreme being among the evil tribes outside the realm, but there is no way to know more specific information.

In addition, the top priority now is to return to the Dou Qi Continent to solve the problem, so I am not prepared to waste time on him.

In the dark space channel, the power of space whistled, and there was a faint space storm, but it did not cause much disturbance.

A certain void in the space channel seemed to collapse, and there was a bright beam of light in the place where it collapsed.

Here, is the only entrance to the Dou Qi Continent from other planes. Since the little guy of the Puppet King is not a foreign evil clan guarding the entrance, there must be strong guards at the entrance. This is also the crisis Xiao Yan and others are facing now.

"Xie Ying, what's the hurry?"

At the end of the space passage, on the edge of the void here, there is a prism-like transparent crystal suspended. The power of space in the crystal is endless, and it seems to connect certain passage positions.

Enter the entrance to Dou Qi Continent!

"Wang...According to the investigation of my subordinates, this space channel is indeed built by human powerhouses, and they are coming here at this time. Do you think we should..."

"Understood, the two of us will deal with it here. You go back to the outside world and report the matter here, and let the Lord Heresy God beware of the Supreme Being of the Great Thousand World."

"..."

On the other side, Xiao Yan and the others were quickly driving the spaceship toward the entrance.

"Bang bang bang!"

An extremely harsh sound emerged, and the hull of the space, which had always been stable and quiet, refused to rise and fall, swaying extremely unstable.

"It's such a bad luck that I encountered a space storm."

Xiao Yan and a few people looked at each other, and then looked along the end of the tremor. He could vaguely see that the void in the distance seemed to have been devoured by some strange creature, and a force of space that was enough to suffocate was buzzing. Ming Su is pulling the endless void, which is chilling!

In the dark void, the dazzling light silver space power was brewed out of thin air, and suddenly formed a black space storm with a size of thousands of meters!

"Avoid it."

Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but utter a deep voice, and then the majestic vindictive energy in his body was vented like a surging river, wrapping the entire space ship, controlling the route, and quickly staying away from the space storm in the space channel.

Space storm is a frequent visitor to this unstable space channel. Once it is sucked into it and enters the space turbulence, I am afraid that even the strong reincarnation can only die without a burial place.

"Tear it off!"

The space storm squirmed slightly, and wherever it went, the void was easily eaten away by it. There was still a lot of distance from the end of the space passage, and no one dared to take it lightly.

At this moment, the five people on the deck looked solemn, and their bodies were filled with fear and fear. Once this extremely terrifying power of space was inhaled, life and death were still unknown.

"Strange, why is this space storm's attention always locked on us no matter how Brother Xiao Yan moves the spaceship?"

Mu Yingying's silver bell-like voice carried some doubts. Obviously, during these few minutes of negotiation, she found something wrong.

"Oh?"

Listening to Mu Yingying's opening, Xiao Yan's eyes immediately became solemn, and his soul power was like a circle of invisible energy, which was scattered out.

"Puff puff!"

The profound and tidal soul power just hit the space storm, and it suddenly fell on the water like water droplets, and it was destroyed without causing too much wind and waves. There was some kind of terrifying evil aura in it.

"Wait, what is this breath?"

"Come on, the powerhouse among the alien races."

Xiao Yan stopped the spaceship in one fell swoop, a rare fiery flash in his eyes.

The Golem King just now was just a small episode. Obviously, the matter of the space storm is the ghost of the two guys guarding the entrance to the plane!

"Hehe, a few eight-star fighting immortals are powerful, but unfortunately this is not something you can set foot on."

"Let's go back."

In the center of the violent and high-speed rotation of the space storm, there were bursts of magical fog lingering suddenly, and an extremely cold voice sounded.

When this sound fell, there was a sudden burst of crisp humming explosions in the space storm. Looking at this scene, the faces of several people became serious invariably.

"Extraterritorial evil race, life and death evil king!"

Hun Tianhao pointed with trembling fingers at the two blurred figures in the space passage, and immediately said tremblingly.

"Oh... It's a pleasure to meet someone who still recognizes us."

Soul Tianhao's voice fell, the whistling sound in the space storm calmed down slightly, and two terrifying figures slowly overflowed.

"It is said that among the evil races outside the realm, there are many levels of powerhouse kings. The specific level of these two guys is unknown, but they were once the powerhouses who joined forces to kill the real reincarnation realm!"

Hun Tianhao said in a very solemn voice.

"Xun'er, the three of you, together with Senior Soul, stop the Lord of Shengxie, and the Lord of Death is handed over to me."

"As long as they don't join forces, it's nothing."

Xiao Yan murmured, the fighting spirit in his body was about to erupt like an angry volcano!

The entrance of Dou Qi Continent is actually guarded by the king-level powerhouses of the extraterrestrial evil clan, I am afraid that the Dou Qi Continent is now being attacked by the extraterritorial evil clan!

The Dou Qi Continent is the origin of the eight ancient clans. In addition to what the Xiao clan did to the evil clan outside the territory, Xiao Yan felt that this was a premeditated plan!

And the main purpose of the extraterritorial evil clan is probably the eight ancient clans, and even their Xiao clan!

"Go!"

With a cold snort, everyone united, divided into two teams, and suddenly attacked the two kings!

"Eight-star fighting immortals have never possessed the perfect strength, so there should be no problem for four people to attack, right?"

"give it to me."

After the two kings finished their conversation, several space storms suddenly quieted down. One after another demonic energy rolled, and the two bodies wriggled at the same time.

"Boom!"

Cai Lin took the lead, and with a slender hand waved in the void, the majestic Dou Qi swept out, and condensed into a gray energy python that exceeded a hundred meters in the space channel.

In the eyes of the giant python a splendid ten-color halo is beautiful, and the eight colors have already been ignited at this time.

"Tear it off!"

The energy giant roared in the sky, and immediately crawled beside Cailin, killing it and leaving.

"Nine Profound Flames!"

Xun'er was naturally unwilling to be left behind, golden flames spewed out, and a golden sacred arrow condensed in front of her delicate body, attacking the latter fiercely!

"Breath of Double Flames!"

Naturally, Mu Yingying was not idle either. Two holy flames quietly appeared behind her jade body, entwining slightly, forming a two-color space bird, with an endless divine light aura, rendering the entire space spotless and clean!

"It turned out to be the master of Saint Flame, no wonder he has the courage to come here."

"but……"

"The evil storm, let's wreak havoc!"

Feeling the terrifying suffocating energy in the hands of the three women, the eyes of the evil king suddenly jumped, his body was hidden in the spatial storm, and a roar that resounded throughout the world swept out!

In an instant, the space channel was surging, countless powers swelled up, and suffocating evil power spread out!

The power of evil is full of heinous tearing power, and that kind of power can't help but make the scalp of the Eight-Star Douxian Perfection numb!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: