Chapter 96: Intend!

?? "Let's go." Yue Ru also got up and led the way.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan also got up and followed.

There was still some distance from Qing Yuan's resting place, and then Xiao Yan was also itching to ask his master, the Golden Dragon King.

"Master, which sect do we want to join?" Xiao Yan was also looking forward to the explanation given by Yueyu just now. The place where the real powerhouses of the Xuanling Continent gather, Xuan Santian! Xiao Yan also believes that there will be a very exciting place.

"Hey, even though there is such a big twist in the beast ruins this time, the heaven's favored sons near Qingcheng have not obtained good fortune, but let you get the good fortune of this beast ruins, so the messengers who come to receive them will definitely pay attention. Yes, and I will take the initiative to invite you to join the Xuanling Royal Family, but this Xuanling Royal Family is not a good bird."

"I have traveled to this Xuanling royal family before. I remember that a young royal family went to the head for medicine for his humble wife, and the royal family directly sentenced the woman to death."

"It's also famous for the good of that man. In my opinion, the Xuanling royal family used to maintain their identity because the man was a member of the royal family, with noble blood, and the person he liked turned out to be a Ordinary people, so in my opinion, the Xuanling royal family is just driven by the royal family who controls the Xuanling Continent. If there is no royal family's Dou Xian in charge, do you think this Xuanling royal family can become the top power on this continent? ?"

"Although this Xuanling Royal Family is indeed the strongest sect, it's not an exaggeration, who has a strong background of fighting immortals, but if you really talk about it with other sects, this Xuanling Royal Family is the hottest chicken. "

"Other powerful sects on the Xuanling Continent have a clear management reward and punishment mechanism. It does not depend on your other birth status. It depends on your hard work and dedication, so that everyone has the opportunity to compete for cultivation resources, but the Xuanling royal family is different. , as long as you have an identity, you can hold the sky with one hand inside." The Golden Dragon King also tried to recall.

"I can't imagine that the hearts of this royal family are so dark." Xiao Yan also smacked his lips. This royal family did this... Aren't they afraid of being overthrown?

"So there should be a lot of forces in these years who are secretly dissatisfied with the rule of the royal family, but they are helpless behind the royal family. The royal family has a strategic role, so they don't dare to act rashly." The Golden Dragon King said slowly. .

"And I vaguely guess that the holy flame also seems to be related to the Xuanling royal family!" The Golden Dragon King's eyes were also deep at this moment.

"So, do I still want to join the Xuanling royal family?" Xiao Yan asked.

"No, although the power of flame on your body is not as powerful as that of Saint Flame, it is also extremely powerful. It is inevitable that there will be some people who want to replace you, and with Dou Xian sitting in the town, my existence may also be discovered. From what I have seen before , Now the soul clan may also collude with Solomon, and I have to hide some."

"And there is another purpose for our trip to the Xuanling Continent. My old friend doesn't know if it's okay now, and Shengyan must get it. If the situation allows, the matter of Soul Race and Solomon Gotta figure it out."

"Before, Tuo She was not less plotted by the soul clan..." As he spoke, a trace of resentment flashed in the eyes of the Golden Dragon King.

"Master, I have written it down, don't worry." Xiao Yan also said comfortably.

The two were speechless and walked to a wooden house.

"Her situation seems to be helpless even for my father, so be prepared..." Yueru said suddenly outside the quiet wooden house.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan was also very surprised at what happened to Qing Yuan. He didn't know that Yue Yu, the lord of the Yue family, could be as strong as a five-star Dou Di, but now that he has his master, there should be no need to worry too much.

"Hey, you underestimate the little girl Qing Yuan too. A mere five-star Doudi strong person is not worthy to carry shoes for others in the future..." Even if the Golden Dragon King was entrenched in the ring, Xiao Yan's thoughts were a little different. Clearly, compared to Xiao Yan, he was helpless, and wailed, could his master, the Golden Dragon King, be able to rely on his own thoughts...

"Squeak!"

The slightly closed wooden hut was gently opened by Yueru, Xiao Yan didn't have time to think about it, and followed in.

The small house is simple and unadorned, but it has everything it should have.

Gently walking towards the bed, a beautiful figure lay flat on it, looking carefully, this figure is quite attractive, the only downside is that the beautiful figure on the bed is tightly closed, and there is a whole body around. A stream of pure white light surrounds.

"Qing Yuan?" Xiao Yan also frowned, then looked at the woman on the bed and called softly.

"Shhhhhh!"

"You can't wake her up like this. With my father's ability, I have found a lot of powerful experts. Even if they are well-informed, there is no way to compare..." Yueru's beautiful eyes sank slightly. Obviously also worried about the **** the bed.

Xiao Yan said that this seems to be just her sister...

"Oh, some power has overflowed, it seems that time is running out..." The voice of the Golden Dragon King also sounded slowly in Xiao Yan's heart.

"Master What is this situation?" Xiao Yan also used his soul power to transmit his voice to his master Jinlong King. With his extensive knowledge, he obviously knew this situation. of.

"Hey, didn't I tell you before that I need to refine that solid foundation pill?"

"What you want to know will be revealed when it is refined."

"Before this, it was in a hurry." The Golden Dragon King said in the same tone as before.

"Then she is so sure that there is no problem?" Xiao Yan was obviously worried, and then searched for it.

"Absolutely no problem! At least in this month, there is no problem, if it is longer, then I don't know." The Golden Dragon King also said seriously.

Xiao Yan also forgot that Yueru was still here, and focused on inquiring about Qing Yuan with his master, the Golden Dragon King.

Yue Ru also looked at Xiao Yan who was staring blankly at the **** the bed in surprise, "Pfft!" She laughed and muttered to herself.

"I can't believe that Xiao Yan cares so much about his sister..."

"Then now that the medicinal materials are complete, let's start refining the medicinal pills." Xiao Yan also suddenly came back to his senses.

"Huh? So suddenly?" Yueru was also puzzled.

"Well, I can't help it. The medicinal materials of this medicine pill are the ones I finally got, and they should be able to cure Qing Yuan's condition."

"Also, she has been in a coma for several days, and now she can only use a dead horse as a living horse doctor." Xiao Yan also said helplessly.

"Then it's not too late, I'll take you to the alchemy room!" Yue Ru also knew the seriousness of the matter and took the lead to lead the way.

"Then Aunt Lao Yue will be cold." Xiao Yan also quickly followed.

Ask for a ticket...  

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: