Chapter Vol 4 1374: 1 fortune!

"Big chance?" Xiao Yan heard the words, his eyes couldn't help but light up, obviously he had been looking forward to this thing for a long time.

"Weng buzzing!" The next moment, the figure of the thunder master slowly emerged from the light curtain.

"You old fellow, thinking about my chance every day?"

"My chance is to be left to my reincarnator, where it will be this kid's turn..."

"Besides, this kid is still a member of the Xiao family. I'm very grateful that I didn't kick him out." Lei Lord's body just emerged, and he immediately scolded the Soul Eater Lord and Xiao Yan, but at this time Lei Lord The power of the Lord is obviously wilted to the limit, and even the body has become illusory.

And the most puzzling thing for Xiao Yan is, which of their Xiao clan has angered this thunder master...

"Don't do this, Duo Qifei is absorbing your power at this time, and will gradually begin to contact reincarnation, so the chance in this thunder pool can only be cheaper than my disciple." The Lord of Soul Eater smiled, obviously Has seen through the mind of Lei Zhu.

"Is this guy your disciple?"

"I can't see that you are being stingy."

"The dignified Soul Eater, actually going to his own apprentice is shabby, if this is spread..." When Lei Zhu heard the words, he immediately rolled his eyes at the Soul Eater. Obviously, Xiao Yan did not feel any bite. The inheritance of the Soul Master, the so-called master-disciple relationship of the Soul Eater, is also extremely chilling.

"Stop talking nonsense, let's start quickly."

"Otherwise, don't expect my disciple to protect Du Qifei for you." The Lord of Soul Eater immediately said with a pale face when he heard the words. He had nothing to do. He was still injured, and most of the things he knew were about ghosts in the ghost world. Yes, for a human like Xiao Yan, learning it is useless.

"Qi Fei should have a lot of time to absorb reincarnation, and this chance will be cheaper for you."

"Come with me."

"But boy, you have to remember that the identity of the reincarnator will be thorn in the eyes of the evil clan, sin, and these forces. If I wake up before I wake up, my baby lover will have any advantages or disadvantages, even if it is guarded by the supreme person of your Xiao clan, I I will also hunt you down to death." Lord Lei's seemingly gentle words were filled with an extremely large killing intent, and at this time Xiao Yan was also shocked.

Originally, Xiao Yan wanted to inquire about their Xiao clan, but now that the Thunder Master hated their Xiao clan, he had no choice but to keep his mouth shut.

"The younger generation will naturally try their best." Xiao Yan was secretly surprised when he heard this.

"Weng buzzing!" The three figures slowly disappeared, and the next moment, they came to the center of the gray lake.

This is the center of the Thousand-zhang Thunder Lake. At first, everyone was in the sky. When they came here, they discovered that there was a crystal ball in the center of the Thunder Lake. The crystal ball was about the size of a palm, but it was faintly emitting A very strong breath came out.

"Is this... a soul beast or a fighting soul?" Xiao Yan looked at the strange power bound in the gray crystal ball and couldn't help but said, according to Xiao Yan's perception, it seemed that the contents inside would only be fighting. Soul or soul beast.

"This is Lei Yuan, it is the special energy body that absorbed the power of thunder in me. You can directly absorb it."

"This is also a gift to you."

"After absorbing it, its power is enough to take your body strength to a higher level, and it will also be of great benefit to your strength growth." Leizhu said slightly.

"Weng buzzing!" Following the Thunder Lord's opening, the crystal ball shook violently, as if feeling a very uneasy emotion.

"Is this guy still smart?"

"Do it yourself." At the next moment, the phantom of Lei Lord slowly returned to Du Qifei's inheritance, leaving only Xiao Yan and the Soul Eater Lord.

"Go ahead." The Soul Eater said.

"Hey!" At the next moment, the crystal ball in the center of the lake exploded abruptly, and a dazzling gray light ball of thunder disappeared into Xiao Yan's sight.

"What a violent power." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a shock in his heart. Obviously, the power of thunder contains the power of the Thunder Lord to some extent. produce great resistance.

"Gulu gulu." Gray Lei Yuan just appeared, and immediately noticed the slightest emotional fluctuations in Xiao Yan's body, and then kept squirming. The next moment, it turned into a beautiful shadow.

"Xun... Xun'er?" Xiao was just about to start, but he couldn't help losing his voice when he looked at the shadow in front of him.

Three thousand blue silks fell down, and the skin that could be broken by blowing bombs matched the attractive face. This figure was the Xun'er that he was thinking about!

"This guy is also a playboy, just like their ancestors of the Xiao clan, he is really annoying." Seeing Xiao Yan's sluggishness for a short time, the Thunder Lord who was in the light curtain couldn't help shaking his head and said.

"Brother Xiao Yan... I waited so hard for you..."

"Come down and accompany Xun'er, okay?" The energy shadow just finished condensing, and suddenly the corners of his mouth narrowed slightly, and two small dimples appeared, quite tempting, and even every move was extremely realistic.

"Crash!" As soon as he finished speaking, seeing Xiao Yan's sluggish expression, 'Xun'er' was filled with dazzling gray energy, and then the figure exploded and shot towards Xiao Yan instantly.

"Xun'er... When the ghost world is over, I will go to find you!" Xiao Yan slowly closed his eyes, and a dazzling holy flame emerged from his body.

"Holy Flame?" When he noticed this scene, Lei Yuan 'Xun'er' exclaimed, and the next moment was completely enveloped by Xiao Yan's flame.

"Despicable and shameless." After the gray Lei Yuan turned into its body, he couldn't help but let out a roar at Xiao Yan.

Its power is enough to make the two-star Dou Xian complete powerhouse fearful But this Xiao Yan actually used the power of holy flame to imprison himself. The power of holy flame made it feel ashamed, and it was also devoured by the **** and escaping. destiny.

"If you want to blame, then blame you for transforming into her." Xiao Yan didn't say any more nonsense, a serious look filled his pupils, and when he lifted his palm, a dazzling holy flame burst out, directly covering it and swallowing it.

No matter how tyrannical this Lei Yuan was, under Xiao Yan Shengyan's scorching, it collapsed in an instant.

"Weng Om!" The dazzling power of holy flames continued to emerge, and at that time, the spiritual wisdom in the gray thunder yuan was also slowly cleared from the back.

After three hours, Lei Yuan lost his mind and turned into the purest power.

"Turn it into my nourishment." Feeling the unusually bright gray energy in his hand, Xiao Yan whispered.

"Weng buzzing!" In the next instant, the dazzling gray energy was directly swallowed by Xiao Yan. At the same time, Xiao Yan's strength and body also underwent earth-shaking changes.

Mobile version update fastest URL: