Chapter Vol 4 1776: The situation of the princess!

"This is?" When Xiao Yan followed the guard towards the bottom of the teahouse, he asked inexplicably.

"My lord, the princess' palace is not here, the city on the top of the mountain is just a residence for common people and general forces." The guard said respectfully.

"Is there still such a thing?" Xiao Yan asked as he walked.

"The princess' identity is different, and she is the hope of the Star Continent, so she is secretly protected by many powerhouses, so her palace stands above the void of this prosperous city, and the entrances are distributed in some hidden places in the city, and there are only many powerhouses. know the entrance."

"Your Excellency is here, please." While speaking, the guard gently pushed open a rather ancient giant door in front of him and made a respectful gesture of "please".

The ancient giant gate is filled with traces of tiny words, which is obviously some kind of ancient prohibition.

"Yes." Xiao Yan agreed softly, without any hesitation, stepped directly into it.

"I hope you can help the princess to solve this matter." After the guards finished all this, they went back in peace.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan had just stepped into the door of light, an extremely tyrannical force of confinement filled his body. That force was like a tree with a strong vitality, and it seemed that he was carefully examining his body. Some strange auras, I am afraid that this tyrannical force of imprisonment will unreservedly activate, even Xiao Yan is quite horrified by that kind of power.

"Garden..." The door of light in front of him flickered like a space shift. After the rest, Xiao Yan also appeared from another ray of light. Looking at the rather fragrant garden in front of him, he muttered.

In front of it, there is clearly a huge garden, with countless flowers blooming brightly in the garden, and dozens of ancient buildings are integrated into it.

However, the garden is obviously carefully carved by skilled craftsmen, surrounded by mountains and rivers, simple and elegant.

"Is it finally here..." At this moment, on a pavilion in the endless sea of ​​flowers in the garden, a figure looked at the edge of the garden and spoke softly, her voice as sweet and slim as Yingluan.

While speaking, a strange silver power flashed past Xiao Yan's position like a star.

"Long time no see." After a while, Xiao Yan followed the beam and looked for him.

"Huh...Xiao Yan, I haven't seen you for a long time." Seeing Xiao Yan's hearty smile, Her Royal Highness said with a frown.

"I thought you had some secrets at first, but who would have thought that it was the princess of the Star Continent." Xiao Yan simply sat down in the pavilion and recalled.

Looking back at the beginning, it seems that the princess in front of her is still like this, but at that time she was still a disciple who was cultivating in the Burning Heaven Pavilion.

"When I went to the Fenxiang Pavilion, I naturally wanted to learn the cultivation method in the Fenxiang Pavilion, and by the way, stabilize the things in my body." Lin Yunshu also spoke slowly, recalling the scene at the beginning, it was both ridiculous and a little fortunate.

"After I left the Xuanling Continent, I would like to thank you for the affairs on the Xuanling Continent." After a while, Xiao Yan's dark pupils also softened. Obviously, if it wasn't for Lin Yunshu's secret concern about the resources and force of the Xuanling Continent Support, Xuanling Continent is impossible to be so prosperous.

"It's just a lot of work. After all, it's my teacher, so I can't know what's going on." For a while, Rao's noble attitude like Princess Lin Yunshu was also touched by Xiao Yan's words.

"Did something happen recently?" After chatting for a while, Xiao Yan also asked with concern. Since she sent someone to the Xuanling Continent to find her, it was naturally impossible for it to be a trivial matter.

"As you know..." At this moment, Lin Yunshu frowned, but his beautiful eyes were fixed on a rather classical building in the garden, and a trace of melancholy and even fear permeated.

"Crash!" Following Lin Yunshu's actions, a scorching flame spread out from Xiao Yan's body, easily wrapping the entire pavilion.

Acacia Yanyu completely wrapped the two of them, making it impossible for the outside world to detect them!

"Kacha!" Following Xiao Yan's sudden scene, an aura of awe emanated from the building that Lin Yunshu was staring at just now, as if a giant dragon had awakened.

"My lord, this is the princess' private matter, and I hope you..." At this time, the rockery around the garden trembled, and Lin Shuang suddenly said.

"I hope this girl won't do anything bad." As soon as the voice fell, the place regained its calm for a while.

"Huhu...Princess, I can only win this step for you." As soon as this light voice came out, Lin Shuang was relieved and slowly dispersed to hide in the garden, always ready to protect Her Royal Highness.

"It seems that the matter is more serious than I imagined." The scene outside the field just now was naturally caught in Xiao Yan's eyes, and he hesitated.

"Yeah... Fortunately, you're here." At this moment, Lin Yunshu dissipated his dignified and elegant posture like a relieved fish, like an ordinary woman sitting quietly on the pavilion, quite playful.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan asked.

"As you know, in our royal family now, three electors are fighting openly and secretly, each forming a gang. Although I have awakened the power of stars that no one has ever had, it is still too weak to make me Completely suppress the villains of Tianxing Continent..."

"Moreover, many high-level officials in the Tianyuan Mountains seem to have placed me in the Ten Thousand Gardens, but in fact they are protecting me, but they are secretly imprisoning me, because they are also trying to tame me as a chess piece in their hands, allowing me to successfully compete for the throne, even It's the last thing to capture the power of the stars in my body." Lin Yunshu said with a sigh of relief, obviously she already knew about these things, but she couldn't say it because she was here. starter

"Are all of them here?" Xiao Yan frowned when he heard the words. As early as when he entered the Wanyuan Garden, he noticed a lot of hidden auras. Among those auras, the presence of a few people made him feel quite troublesome About 40% of the combat power has all surrendered to me, but there is still 60% of the power, and among these six layers of power, there are several who have the absolute right to speak. "Lin Yunshu muttered.

"Internal and external troubles, it seems that this matter is troublesome." Xiao Yan also felt a rather troublesome smell in his voice, and his scalp suddenly became numb.

"Now that you are here, I will hold an internal meeting tomorrow... Only by thoroughly solving the internal problems can we fight the enemy together." Lin Yunshu said in a low voice.

"Okay." Xiao Yan nodded, agreeing with Lin Yunshu's approach, but now he can only use soldiers to block the water and cover up. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest computer: https://

"Originally, I just planned to give Xuanling Continent some resources and force to protect my master, but unexpectedly I caught a big fish."

"Am I right, Lord of Endless Fire Territory?" After the troubles were resolved, Lin Yunshu suddenly became beaming.

"Don't worry, based on our friendship, we will definitely not let you down." Xiao Yan also smiled, he also wanted to see what the so-called top high-level inside the Tianyuan Mountains really had. place.

However, Xiao Yan still felt that this Princess Lin Yunshu seemed to have some connection with the Ji Xuan he had seen before, but he didn't ask.

The error-free chapters of "Fight Breaking the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting, please collect it: () The Yandi of the God of Fighting is the fastest to update.