Chapter 552: The mansion master on the golden chair!

"Is it a fairy..."

"probably."

"When I was at the Hu Bo outside, I vaguely felt a call. Since I came to this manor, I have had a close connection with this manor." Shan Yao said slightly.

"Alright then, try it and see if it works." Although Xiao Yan was surprised, he didn't have time to think about whether the manor or manor was an immortal weapon or something.

Because of Xiao Yan at this time, his pupils shrank tightly, full of scorching heat, and his eyes were fixed on the dusty box on the two golden chairs in front of him.

"I'll give it a try." Shanyao said with a low voice, then closed her eyes and tried her best to communicate with the connection in her heart.

"What is the relationship between the Tianmuyu clan and Immortal Master Crazy Wood? She even gave her half of the control of the mansion!" Somewhere in the void where Mu Ting was, a slight surprise sounded, but there was no It attracted Xiao Yan's attention.

"This is…"

"The snake jade is using that power?" In the backyard, although the snake spirit was bound, it did not affect the snake spirit's use of fighting qi at all.

The snake spirit also closed her eyes, and then worked hard to coordinate with Shanyao to mobilize the slightest connection in her body.

"There seems to be something here..." Xiao Yan glanced thoughtfully outside the door, but found nothing, and then muttered.

"Huhuhu!" With the efforts of Shanyao and Snake Spirit to communicate and mobilize the slightest contact with the manor, in the hall, on the two golden chairs, a faint trace appeared. energy!

On the left, there is a faint blue and red light, and on the other side, there is red and yellow light all over the body.

"This is..." The next moment, as many beads of sweat appeared on Shanyao's forehead, Xiao Yan was shocked!

Because at this time Xiao Yan, the new flame that had already fused with twenty-three kinds of different fires in his body suddenly emerged from Xiao Yan's body uncontrollably, and then stared viciously at the red-yellow light in front of him!

"Is it really Holy Flame..." Xiao Yan's eyes became dull, and his speech became extremely slow.

"Shan Yao, Shan Ling, you are finally here." A voice like a flood appeared in the hall.

"This voice...how can there be a familiar feeling..." Both Shanyao and Snake Spirit said in their hearts.

"Boom boom boom!" At the next moment, on the two golden chairs, two illusory figures composed of rays of light slowly appeared.

The one on the left was wearing a pharmacist's clothes. At first glance, he knew that the alchemist's clothes were quite extraordinary, and it was vaguely isolated from the exploration of Xiao Yan's soul power!

This man was wearing a pharmacist's clothes. He looked like a middle-aged man. He looked very energetic. His brows were curved, and a smile on his cheeks slowly stared at Xiao Yan and the others. Wu's pressure made Xiao Yan feel slightly uncomfortable.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

On the other side, it was also a middle-aged man. The man was covered in red-yellow flames, but Xiao Yan was slightly surprised that there was some extremely fine soil above the red-yellow flames. , a piece of rock was held by him, and a terrifying aura instantly burst out between his eyebrows.

"Uncle Mu..." For some reason, after seeing the two on the golden chair, Shanyao spoke directly, as if she couldn't help it.

"It's good to wake up." The man in the alchemist's clothes glanced at Sanyao with satisfaction.

"You seem to have a familiar aura on your body." The pharmacist stared at Xiao Yan the next moment, and then spoke slowly.

"Gudong!" With a sound, Xiao Yan's conch, which had already been included in the collection ring, slowly flew towards the pharmacist.

"This is... Yuxuan's stuff, right?" The flame figure on the side said slowly, looking at the conch floating over, he said in surprise.

"It really belongs to him, it seems that they are also unable to escape from the Fu family." The alchemist whispered back to the flame figure, followed by

"But how can there be so many things on this kid..." The alchemist seemed to have seen through Xiao Yan's whole body and spoke slowly, with countless resentments in his voice.

"This... could it be the owner of the manor?" Snake Xing's heart was startled!

Because the strength of Snake Punishment has reached the eight-star Dou Emperor Consummation, as long as you take a step, you can advance to the Nine-Star Dou Emperor, but even so, with the strength of Snake Punishment, when facing the shadows on the two golden chairs , a feeling of insignificance spread throughout the body.

"Is this the owner of the manor manor..."

"I am afraid that this strength is at the peak of Dou Di... But the strength of Dou Di's peak is much stronger than Qin Tian of the Xuanling royal family." Feeling came.

"As for this person, I am afraid that only the legendary Sheng Yan has the power to make this strange fire in my body fear..." The next moment, Xiao Yan turned his head and looked at the figure wrapped in flames, extremely hot. said.

"Boy, why do you have something from Yuxuan on you?"

"Could it be you..." The next moment, the alchemist suddenly drank it!

The reason why the pharmacist said this is naturally because when Xiao Yan appeared just now, the huge soul power of the pharmacist felt the existence of Long Yi in Xiao Yan's body. In addition to that strange fire, this is why this scene is now!

"Senior, I think you have misunderstood. This conch is the token of their Tianmuyu clan, so the kid is not going to replace Senior Yuxuan and be responsible for handing it over to Shanyao." Xiao Yan said.

"Responsible for the transfer?"

"I don't think so, big brother, why don't we pull out this kid's soul and ask if what he said is true or not." The flame figure smiled.

"Alright, I'll leave it to you." The alchemist said slightly, and then he stopped looking at Xiao Yan, but secretly said to the flame figure: "Be careful, try to see this person's personality. How, after all, you have so many things in your body, if your heart is good, it is worth your trust."

"Sanyao, yours should have just woken up..."

"Take it, this is the token of your Tianmuyu clan." After the pharmacist finished speaking, he threw the conch directly towards Shanyao.

"I do not want."

"This thing already belongs to Brother Xiao Yan. If it weren't for him, I'm afraid I'm still in a deep sleep now."

"So... who are you?" Shanyao felt that something was wrong at the beginning, although the two in front of her were met when she was very young, and their current image is extremely vague, but Shanyao knew that these two were absolutely Not so.

So now there are only two possibilities. These two are very likely to be fakes!

As for the other type, Shanyao couldn't believe it, that was temptation!

"Go ahead, try this kid's strength." After the pharmacist finished speaking, he didn't care about Shanyao's words and spoke directly.

"En." The flame figure agreed, then got up slightly and burst out at Xiao Yan.

"Bastard!" Xiao Yan cursed secretly!

Xiao Yan doesn't know whether the identities of the two people in front of him are true or not, but one thing is certain, the power of flame on this flame figure is definitely the power of holy flame!

The power of this holy flame is absolutely suppressing the power of the strange fire in Xiao Yan's body!

Ask for tickets!