Chapter Vol 4 1607: Fight Erin Er!

The next day, the sun rose.

"Let's go." In the Lingyuan, Ling Yuanzi and Xiao Yan stood in the house early, and Ling Yuanzi said immediately.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and his eyes were filled with hot fluctuations.

This trip to the Earth Spirit Academy should be nearing the end at this time, and the Earth Spirit Pagoda may be the top priority of this trip to the ghost world, so no matter how difficult this trip is, it must be successful.

"Weng buzzing!" With a sound, Ling Yuanzi's palm slowly lifted, and then the void in front of him suddenly wriggled.

Space channel!

It is a space passage that links the space, and with Xiao Yan's soul power, he knows that this space passage is extremely stable. Otherwise, if there is no such space passage, the time required to go from the Lingyuan to the underground courtyard is not ten thousand. Heaven can't go down.

"Shabu Shabu!" With a sound, the two poured into it at the same time.

"There's still some time to get to the underground from here."

"The other two disciples in the courtyard are extremely powerful."

"Ai Zhangjiao's disciple, Ai Liner, is a strong water attribute, and it is said that she is a woman with a beautiful country. That kind of face makes countless disciples quite obsessed." After a while, Ling Yuan The corners of Zi's mouth smiled, as if there was something unusual.

"Stunned..." Xiao Yan suddenly looked stunned when he heard the words. Obviously, Ling Yuanzi's words had something to say, and Xiao Yan had a headache.

It's not just about Cailin's matter, but also about Mu Yingying's matter, if it spreads to Xun'er's ears in the future, I'm afraid there will be a **** storm, and then I'm afraid...

"The others are Wen Yi under the headmaster Wen. His strength is even more terrifying, so be careful, the title of a scholar who kills your life is not a vain name." Ling Yard ordered.

"Don't worry, Dean, this disciple will definitely not lose the face of our Spiritual Academy." Xiao Yan smiled when he saw this.

"..." After a while, the two of them came to the underground courtyard smoothly.

Another place, in the courtyard, is at the foot of Diling Mountain.

Diling Mountain, this is the most precious mountain range guarded by the earth courtyard. The mountain range is quite small, but it contains extremely precious treasures. The ancient stone pagoda at the top of the mountain range is the Diling Pagoda. The guards here are extremely strict. Even a six-star fighting immortal cannot easily pass through here.

Halfway up the mountain of Diling Mountain, this is an extremely large open space, and it is also a battle area.

"Teacher, how did they..." Outside the battle area that was bumpy like a dueling arena, Irene's cheeks were filled with fiery heat, her beautiful eyes flickered slightly, and she asked, as for Xiao Yan who possesses holy flame, Obviously, even in her indifferent mood, she wanted to compete with him.

"What's the hurry... Anyway, his kid won't run away again." Wen Yi, who looked like a scholar, snorted coldly when he heard the words, obviously he didn't think that Xiao Yan had a chance of winning against him.

Ling Feng next to him was wearing a black robe, and his eyes were stern.

"Boom!" Suddenly, the edge of the duel field, the void surged, and the figures of Xiao Yan and Ling Yuanzi slowly filled out.

"Is it finally here..." In an instant, the people who had been waiting for a long time said.

"Stop talking nonsense, let's do it." Xiao Yan just came here, and he glanced at the past, looking at the three masters and two disciples present, and said directly, but that Irene's exquisite and high-quality body and like porcelain The doll-like face is enough to be called an alluring country.

"Xiao Yan, we are not those wastes in the Central Territory, you..." Wen Yi said with a smile, the warning in his voice was obvious.

"I'll come first." After Shun breathed, Irene took a slow step forward, and then she stared at Xiao Yan with beautiful eyes and said.

I don't know why, but at first glance, Irene was aware of the terrifying power hidden under Xiao Yan's calm face, even if Xiao Yan was only in the early stage of Four Star Fighting Immortals, Irene felt a burst of pressure. .

"If that's the case, let's start." Ling Feng looked at the two without any hesitation, and smiled. Originally, Ling Feng thought that Xiao Yan would be dissatisfied with this, but now it seems that it is not.

"Spiritual Institute Xiao Yan, please enlighten me." Xiao Yan also collapsed forward, and immediately laughed.

"Irene of the Underground Courtyard, please enlighten me." Irene also said.

"Let's enter the arena, the two of you will win the test. Both of them are geniuses in the Earth Spirit Academy. If I feel that the battle has been won, I will take the shot directly." The next moment, watching the intensified two , Ling Yuanzi said.

"Hehe..." Ling Yuanzi said, and the other three headmasters nodded. Ling Yuanzi's grievances and selflessness are very famous in the Earth Spirit Academy, and his strength is even more tyrannical, so he spoke, and several others Also rest assured.

"Shabu Shabu!" As soon as the words fell, Xiao Yan and Irene also rushed into the dueling arena.

"Boom!"

"This dueling field is actually a prismatic space... This spiritual courtyard is really a big deal." I just entered the dueling field and found that it was a prismatic space.

The so-called prismatic space is a special space like a sphere. This space is filled with forests, mountains, rivers, etc. It is clearly a different space that is imitated. The environment is set into the battle.

"The sky is full of water toads!" In an instant, before Xiao Yan could react, a light voice suddenly resounded in the void of the dueling arena. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Shabu Shabu!" After a while, in the huge water stream below the two, one after another hundreds of water columns rose into the sky, attacking Xiao Yan directly with terrifying power, and even hidden among the several water columns Like some tyrannical creature.

"What a delicate power of control..." Xiao Yan immediately said when he noticed such a terrifying attack. After a while, a scorching flame burst out from above Xiao Yan's body, and immediately stood high in the sky, vigilantly said.

"Seventh layer of breaking the sky!" Yihuo Heng ancient ruler took off directly, blended the hot flames into it, and immediately chopped out seven giant rulers of destruction, and attacked together with the huge water column.

"Bang bang bang!" The giant ruler of hot flames easily slashed the water column.

"This guy..." Seeing that the water column with terrifying power was so easily chopped by himself Xiao Yan also fell into a brief doubt.

"Take it lightly, but it will be a very miserable death." Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, a toad emerged from behind several water pillars with the momentum of thunder, and then raised its front paws and slapped Xiao Yan viciously. .

"Bang bang bang!" With such a slap in the air, the huge water flow directly surrounded Xiao Yan, and the tyrannical water pressure could directly crush Xiao Yan's body to shreds.

"Space shuttle handprints!" At this critical moment, some complicated handprints appeared on Xiao Yan's palm, and the void immediately emerged, escaping the attack of the water pressure.

"Water attribute... actually able to condense the water attribute into a creature with a space attribute attack. This girl's grasp and understanding of the water attribute may far exceed my understanding of the fire attribute." Xiao Yan had just escaped and couldn't help but look back. Glancing at it, he immediately saw that the void where his front feet were located was directly crushed into nothingness.

"Space teleportation?"

"Good method." Seeing this, Irene couldn't help but smile. These methods are only available to some powerhouses who cultivate spatial attributes. Xiao Yan can use them, which is enough to show that there are many opportunities for this guy.

"But next time, how do you deal with it!"

"Water and water!"

"Give it to me!" With a coquettish roar, the toad was immediately surrounded by a wave of water, and then twisted its huge body to kill Xiao Yan.

"..." Faced with such a situation, Xiao Yan didn't do anything, but his pupils slowly closed, and he immediately gathered the strength of his body on the tips of his fingers, and a palpitating wave suddenly appeared.

The other people who were watching from the outside of the dueling arena were also staring intently at the match. They were also quite curious, who would win or lose between the water-type Irene and the fire-type Xiao Yan!哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~