Chapter 256: The power of the ghost emperor!

In the sky, Yin Xie's smile froze instantly.

At this moment, he finally understood why the Nine Souls Monument was wasting time with himself!

It turned out that Xiaoyue was preparing a powerful blow!

At this time, Xiaoyue was full of silver-white fighting spirit, and the long sword in her hand was filled with terrifying energy, causing the surrounding space to burst slightly!

"Blood Moon Kill - Break the Army!"

With Xiaoyue shouting loudly, the long sword in her hand savagely attacked Yin and Evil!

Immediately, the terrifying power above the long sword gathered in a crescent moon, and was attacking the evil spirits rapidly. The blood mist instantly increased several times, trying to resist this terrifying blow!

The terrifying offensive on the long sword turned into a crescent moon, roaring away at the evil spirits!

The gloomy ghost laughed a few times, and Yin Xie was not at all afraid of Xiaoyue's attack.

When the terrifying gray meniscus attacked, Yin Xie just put his hands in front of him and shouted.

"Blood Ten Directions!"

As Yin Xie's loud shout fell, a slanted cross light suddenly appeared in front of it silently.

"Boom boom boom!"

The terrifying meniscus slammed heavily on the cross light of the evil blood mist, making an extremely harsh friction sound.

The dazzling blood-red cross light and the strong gray meniscus sword light met in the air, and there was a loud noise, like a thunderous thunder, and the ground space trembled.

The terrifying ripples scattered all over the place, forcing Xiao Yan and the others to take a few steps back before they stopped.

Seeing Xiaoyue's shot, the Jiuhun Monument snorted lightly, and his body swelled up, and then the whole body was covered with a powerful red light, like a dragon flying into the sky, and appeared above the evil in a blink of an eye, with a scorching heat that devoured everything. Power, cut to the bottom.

"Dragon Sad Hand!"

Not far away, everyone's pupils also shrank tightly, because they could feel it, whether it was Xiaoyue's Blood Moon Killing - Po Jun, or Jiuhun's Dragon Sad Hand, what it contained in it could destroy the sky and destroy the earth!

Xiao Yan stood quietly in the same place, with a faint twinkle in his eyes, staring at the corpse, very concealed, not knowing what he was doing.

"Master, aren't these twin ghost emperors only half, how can their strength be so terrifying..." Xiao Yan also murmured, because from Xiao Yan's perception, this evil spirit is actually not afraid of Xiaoyue and Jiuhunbei , You must know that these two are genuine seven-star fighting emperors!

"This evil spirit is stronger than you think..."

"Nine Soul Stele and Xiaoyue should also know this, and they showed their true abilities when they attacked at the very beginning."

"However, this evil spirit seems to have some plans..."

"I always find it strange that the evil yin in the cold pond seems to have disappeared..." The Golden Dragon King also said solemnly.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan didn't ask any more questions. After all, he couldn't get involved in a battle of this level, but Xiao Yan was not idle either. The strange fire in his body slowly gathered and merged. A rather beautiful fire lotus was also slow. Form slowly.

"Let's act on a whim..." Xiao Yan also murmured.

In the sky, the sinister terrifying cross-red light and the crescent moon of Xiaoyue were intertwined, and a monstrous explosion erupted!

The shocking explosion was also slowly disappearing, but the terrifying energy it produced gave everyone in the entire Infernal Corpse Forest couldn't help but take a deep breath.

As the two terrorist attacks have just disappeared, the attack of the Nine Soul Monument is also imminent!

When Yinxie and Xiaoyue confronted each other, the Nine Souls Monument came to the top of Yinxie. Seeing that Yinxiezheng and Xiaoyue's crescent moon were constantly fighting against each other, it also sank slightly, and then the terrifying fighting qi burst out instantly. Take a photo of yourself below!

Take it with a palm!

Bringing up a monstrous red light, the fiery red light beam turned into an extremely ferocious dragon, roaring away at the evil below!

"Boom boom boom!"

At this time, Yin Xie had just finished dealing with Xiaoyue, and the breath in his body was disordered, so the attack of the Nine Soul Monument also directly attacked the **** blood mist of Yin Xie...

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

As the attack of the Nine Souls Monument fell, the original blood red blood mist on the evil body became a little illusory!

The cracks are also very obvious!

Obviously, the blood mist above Yinxie's body blocked all the power of the Nine Souls Monument, but the blood mist was also on the verge of collapse.

"Humph!"

Yin Xie sneered, and then suddenly increased the aura in his body, the momentum soared, and instantly shook Xiaoyue and the Nine Soul Monument away.

"Roar!"

The terrifying dragon contains extremely pure power, and it is attacked by evil spirits!

Although the evil spirits temporarily shook the Nine Souls Monument and Xiaoyue away, the attack of the Nine Souls Monument also caused him great damage!

Because the layer of blood mist above Yin Xie's body is also part of his strength, the blood mist was severely damaged, and Yin Xie's body was also in chaos.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Damn it, I still underestimated the two of you..." Yin Xie also said with a bad expression. Obviously, he had just broken through the seal and his strength had not recovered, but he was attacked by the two of them. Yin Xie was also overwhelmed.

In the field, a fierce battle is taking place between the two and the evil spirit. At this time, Xiao Yan has continuously released his soul power and even the spiritual power, trying to find out the secrets of the evil evil.

But no matter what Xiao Yan did, the result was the same, that is, there was a very strange mysterious power in this evil spirit, which concealed the evil spirit inside and maintained its powerful and strange aura.

As for what it was, Xiao Yan couldn't find it out, because as soon as his soul power got close to that mysterious power, it would be swallowed up, and it was completely impossible to probe into the details.

While Xiao Yan was investigating Yin Xie, under the attack of He Jiuhun Tablet and Xiaoyue, Yin Xie suddenly turned his attention to Xiao Yan...

"How can there be a familiar and strange aura in this human being..."

"This kid should have something from our ghost world!" Yin Xie also shrank his pupils tightly seems to have launched some kind of attack on Xiao Yan.

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan also coughed violently, covering the blood in his mouth with his hand.

"The power of this evil spirit is really tyrannical..." Xiao Yan also secretly said, but he never thought that his ordinary soul power of the emperor realm was still easily discovered by him, and he fought back.

Xiao Yan's every move was very obscure and was not discovered by others, because everyone at this time was focused on the battle in the sky!

They all know it!

That was a battle between the three seven-star Dou Di powerhouses!

Watching at such a close distance is also beneficial to their future cultivation, but more importantly...

They knew that once Xiaoyue and the Nine Soul Monument were defeated, what was waiting for them was...

"Pass my order, be careful around you, if there are other ghosts approaching!"

"Kill!" Wu Jiang's ruthless voice was also transmitted on the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest, and the crowd gathered at this time.

"damn it!"

"Why is the aura of evil yin getting weaker and weaker..."

"And why did Youquan and Yumei disappear..." Yin Xie also retreated in the face of the two men's terrifying and fierce offensive, and he was also angry in his heart.

Ask for tickets!