Chapter Vol 4 2127: Ancient Race Meeting!

"The Soul Palace was executed by the Holy See?"

Gu Xingtian and Yao Tianmo got up at the same time, their bodies tensed up, and a chill that something bad was going on appeared.

The Soul Clan and the Soul Palace are two forces. This kind of news has been known to them for many years, but the strength of the Soul Palace should not be underestimated.

It's probably not that simple!

"Let's go, it looks like we can't wait for tomorrow."

"They can't wait to arrive."

Before Yao Tianmo could open his mouth, under the Yaozu Mountain Range in the distance, the sound of breaking wind emerged one after another, the void burst, and the terrifying aura suppressed every grass and tree here.

Those guys are obviously all the elders of the ancient races!

The real heritage among the ancient races!

"Everyone, Yaomou has been waiting for a long time, please."

Yao Tianmo and Gu Xingtian looked at each other, lifted off at the same time, and walked away at the menacing group of people. They were all old acquaintances, and they were naturally aware of the severe situation they were facing.

Medicine family, the highest level conference hall.

This place is made of precious cold iron, and the place is simple, but the degree of confidentiality is tight, which is very suitable for the powerhouse to talk.

"Old Yao, ancient **** of war."

"Since our seven ancient clans have arrived, the old man will not hide it."

"Just as your Medicine Clan ceremony was going on, the Holy See powerhouse secretly dispatched a team to uproot the Soul Temple under our Soul Clan."

"No data points are wiped out, and even the powerhouses such as the Hall Master of the Soul Palace have all died."

Soul Clan Supreme Elder, Soul Shaoyang's face darkened, and endless anger swept out.

The Soul Palace had already gone out independently, but this kind of slap in the face still chilled the hearts of many senior members of the Soul Clan.

"The Soul Palace is completely destroyed..."

When the other elders heard the words, they also looked at each other in dismay, at a loss for a while.

"Brother Shaoyang, don't be impatient, your soul clan and soul hall were divided into two families as early as a thousand years ago, and now the Holy See's behavior is probably because of the ancient clan and the power of those foreign evil clans, even if it is us. Not much to say."

Ling'ezi's beautiful eyes narrowed slightly.

"Although this is true, the arrogant arrogance of the Holy See, I am afraid that it will completely come to our ancient seven clans in the near future."

"Without the existence of the Xiao Clan or Xiao Yan, the seven Samsaras we are present today are probably not enough to confront the Holy See head-on."

Soul Shaoyang also said with emotion that the destruction of the Soul Palace was just a wake-up call, and what really scared them was the Holy See, the insurmountable Tianshan!

"I believe you all know that the battle of reincarnation, the seven-star fighting immortals and the eight-star fighting immortals, can only be counted as artillery fire, and they cannot control the battle situation at all.

Soul Shaoyang's face has been suppressing anger, and now the situation has vaguely surpassed their understanding.

"It is said that Xiao Yan is the domain owner of the Endless Fire Territory. It seems that there are several mysterious powerhouses in the Endless Fire Territory. If we can get their help, I am afraid that some of our disadvantages can be resolved."

After a while, Shi Hao, the Supreme Elder of the Stone Clan, spoke up.

Stone people are good at escaping the rock system, and naturally they are somewhat aware of some hidden powers in the endless fire domain.

"Those guys are the guardians of the Endless Fire Territory, and their strength has not recovered yet, but they did send their forces to help us and are rushing here."

Gu Xingtian's eyelids twitched, wondering why Lei Hao knew such obscure information.

"In this case, the Holy See still has two red-clothed archbishops left."

"And these two red-clothed archbishops have been famous for many years, and their strength is more terrifying than Lacey!"

Yao Tianmo also nodded and said.

"But the most troublesome among the Holy See is the Pope."

"The Pope's divine might may not have been tyrannical by the three red-clothed archbishops a thousand years ago, but today, a thousand years later, his power has already surpassed the three red-clothed archbishops."

"In addition to some obscure offerings in the Holy See Holy City, this battle will probably be extremely terrifying."

The Supreme Elder of the Yan Clan, Yan Zhixin, with fluffy red hair, stood up strong and strong, and expressed the worry in his heart without reservation.

As early as a thousand years ago, the seven ancient clans planned to unite to besiege the Holy See, but at that time their strength was too weak and they broke up unhappily.

Now there is only one Supreme Elder in their respective clan who has awakened, and there is still an irreparable gap between the combat power and the Holy See, but the grievances have been forged, and now they can only bite the bullet.

"I just came back from the Holy See Holy City, and found that the Pope's aura in the Holy City was floating, and even explored with my clan's secret techniques. Now the Pope doesn't seem to be in the Holy City, and the Pope's aura in the Holy City is just a guise."

Just when the atmosphere in the conference room was extremely depressed, Lei Xuyuan couldn't help but speak, the always quiet elder of the Lei Clan.

"The Pope is not in the Holy City?"

Lei Xuyuan's speech eased the situation that had always been serious and dead, and several other people looked at him invariably.

"My Thunder Clan has a secret technique called Thunder Breath Resonance, which can find the source of the breath by virtue of the small fluctuations in the air."

"This information has been confirmed by me again and again. I would like to swear by my life, and I will never lie."

Lei Xuyuan said frankly.

"If the Pope is not there, it will be easy."

If everyone nodded with understanding, it is obvious that this matter is related to the fate of their respective races behind them, and they dare not be sloppy.

"Together with our seven ancient clans, and the other three, plus the power of many forces such as the endless fire domain in the mainland, the power under the reincarnation in the Holy See does not need to worry too much, the next thing to consider is the remaining two A cardinal, and an elusive pope."

"Everyone, talk about it."

After some quiet, Gu Xingtian opened his mouth, and the next step is to reach a crucial part.

"The seven of us are enough to stop the strongest red-clothed archbishop, and the remaining one who is slightly weaker may only be dealt with by other strong people. I hope this time the danger can be saved."

After a while, everyone came to this conclusion.

After all, the level of reincarnation, the difference of one level, is enough to obliterate millions of living beings, and the seven of them did not dare to take it lightly.

"If that's the case, then everyone should go back today."

"Five days later Integrate the power, contact the power of the entire Douyun Continent, and attack the Holy See!"

"This is our last chance. Whether it is destroyed or reborn, it depends on this time."

Yao Tianmo and Gu Xingtian looked at each other and said.

"Let's go... This time, it should be the most drastic change in the Dou Emperor Continent. I just don't know why the plane guardian of the Dou Di Continent hasn't come forward yet?"

"The original battle between the demon Xiao Yan and the red-clothed archbishop did not lead to the guardian of the plane. What's going on..."

Until the other five clan elders dispersed, Gu Xingtian muttered a few words.

"I don't know. I'm afraid the center of the human world has something to call them back. After all, our Doudi continent is a rather special continent next to the human world."

"Next, integrate all the forces and fight them to the death."

The lingering voice curled, the real storm was coming.

txt download address:

phone-reading: