Chapter Vol 4 1738: The 7th crime department, the 7th law!

"not good!"

"Go!"

"Whatever you say, you can't let the Lord of Li Soul obliterate the Devil of Light, otherwise..." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, watching the terrifying offensive of the Lord of Li Soul, who seemed to have lost all his fighting spirit. road.

"Let's go!" Looking at each other, Xiao Yan, Hao Ni'er, and Heisha Longlang immediately stood up, penetrated the protection of the defensive cover under the desert, and threw themselves into the battlefield.

Now Xiao Yan can no longer care about the Acacia Brokenheart inflammation that was swallowed up by the Lord of Li Soul, the Devil of Light has a special status, and is more expensive as the wife of the Demon Emperor, Xiao Yan can't stand idly by saying anything.

Because... the demon world is the strongest supporter behind the Xiao clan.

And the demon emperor, the overlord of the demon world, is extremely fiery towards the Xiao clan, and even the overall power of the demon world occupies an extremely large proportion in the entire Great Thousand World.

"Boom!" The black giant finger contains a strange force that eats away the vitality of human beings. It has just spread hundreds of meters around the demon of light. The demon of light feels powerless and threatened with death for the first time. so close to myself.

"Senior, you stay and are responsible for responding to the demon of light."

"Senior sister!" Xiao Yan said coldly, with an unprecedented solemnness in his voice, and arranged.

Now, by virtue of Xiao Sensheng's strength, he has temporarily possessed the eight-star Dou Xian Consummation, and in the face of Samsara's attack, only Xiao Yan and Hao Ni'er can resist a little bit, and the black dragon and wolf can only be used as a response.

"It's just ants who are beyond their own power." Seeing Xiao Yan and the three of them pouring out, the corners of Master Li Soul's mouth changed slightly, and he said with a smile.

The power of reincarnation is more than wonderful and mysterious. It took so much manpower and material resources to finally achieve his own path of reincarnation. He enjoyed watching others cry and cry while living under his own torture, falling into a desperate situation.

Instead of directly obliterating the opponent, it is more beautiful to torture the opponent a little bit, and watch the opponent's fighting spirit disappear, just like the walking dead.

"Soul Devouring Talisman!" Hao Ni'er's palm changed, quickly forming seals, and illusory energy spells slowly floated around him, setting off his breath like a real evil girl!

"You..." The Demon of Light, who originally thought that he was going to die, looked at Hao Ni'er and Xiao Yan's sudden attack, his expression trembling slightly, and he wondered.

The alien race and the Great Thousand World have been at odds since ancient times. How could this guy help him like this?

"Lord Li Soul is right, the Demon Emperor did not fall completely, but was sealed up by them."

"This guy in front of me is the key to breaking the seal."

"Lord Demon of Light." In an instant, the body of the black dragon wolf was transformed directly, showing the body. The huge black dragon shadow of hundreds of meters was suspended in the sky, but compared with the giant finger of destruction, it was extremely small. .

"Black Fiend Dragon Wolf?" Looking at this scene, the Demon of Light's expression finally became abnormal. The Demon of Light is familiar with the appearance of Hei Fiend Dragon Wolf!

Because he is the most trusted subordinate beside the Demon Emperor, if he opens his mouth, then this is probably true!

"Sir!" With a roar, the black dragon wolf's huge body stopped directly in front of the demon of light, trying to use his huge dragon body to resist such a tyrannical blow.

"The power of the Soul Eater Talisman!" At the critical moment, the Soul Eater Talisman in Hao Ni'er's hand turned into countless black lines, and roared directly at the black giant finger!

"The power of the four holy flames!" On the side, Xiao Yan trembled, and four groups of holy flames of different colors suddenly appeared, rushing towards the black giant fingers.

At this time, Xiao Yan was too late for fusion, and could only rely on the power of the Four Saint Flames to try to weaken the power of some black giant fingers!

"Gudong!"

"Boom!" As soon as the three groups of forces came into contact, the entire sky was silent for a second at first, and the next moment, a wave of energy that destroyed the sky and destroyed the earth, with the sky as the center, completely spread out towards the surrounding!

For a time, countless yellow sands above the desert hinterland were completely ignited, and even everyone under the protective cover of the desert hinterland suddenly stopped beating, blood flow became sluggish, and a sense of depression filled their hearts.

"Cough cough..." After a few minutes, the aftermath of the shocking explosion in the sky completely disappeared, and the desert hinterland was completely dilapidated, with huge cracks of thousands of feet, as if torn by demons, exposed above the desert, Beneath the crack is an endless dark space, that space contains a terrifying power that is terrifying.

"Are you all right?" As the attack ended, Xiao Yan forced a smile and said to the few people behind him.

Hao Ni'er's aura became faintly sluggish. It was obvious that he had just used too much of his source power in order to exert the power of the Soul Eater Talisman. Even so, he was only able to exert the power of the Soul Eater Talisman. Xiao Yan, at the last moment his body control was taken over by Xiao Sensheng, and he did not hesitate to use his soul power and holy flame to barely resist the attack of the master of the soul under Samsara.

At this moment, Xiao Yan's body is controlled by Xiao Sensheng, because in the face of the master of the soul who is like a master, only Xiao Sensheng can deal with it.

"The situation is not optimistic." Xiao Sensheng felt the state of Xiao Yan's body and spoke slightly.

As for the Demon of Light and the Black Dragon Wolf, there is nothing to lose.

"Dragon Wolf..." The demon of light, the Holy Clothes of Light, still exists, and the wings behind him slowly wriggle. Obviously, the situation is now beyond his control.

"Sir, this time, you can't easily fall no matter what, the master has to wait for you." The black devil Long Yi couldn't help but said.

"This time, I won't die." The Demon of Light laughed suddenly, as long as that guy didn't die, how could he go to Huangquan alone.

"I'm tired, so let's end this game completely." Seeing how hard a few people struggled to resist his attack, the Lord of Li Soul laughed.

"The power of reincarnation!" A cold snort, like an evil sound penetrating the sky, spread out completely, and around him, a delicate pink light beam suddenly filled the air.

In the pink beam not only contains the power of reincarnation that no one can understand, but also contains the power of lovesickness and broken enteritis.

"Damn..." Seeing this scene, Xiao Sensheng and Hao Ni'er were shocked, an attack of this level was not something they could resist.

"Squeak!" For a time, a mysterious and evil red halo slowly emerged around the Demon of Light.

"This is... a sin?" Just when he was about to obliterate everyone, the Lord of Soul Li was surprised.

"The seventh decree, the space is surging!" Dressed in red, a man slowly appeared beside the demon of light. The voice just fell, and the two figures shook violently, and an invisible wave of resistance emerged.

"Where to run!"

"Leave this seat completely!" Upon seeing this, the Master of Soul Li roared away at him with the pink beam of light on his palm.

"Weng hum!" With a sound, the pink beam slammed into the air, but the figure of the demon of light completely disappeared here. Soon after, the demon of light and its demon guards all rebelled, seriously injuring some forces of the evil race outside the territory, Attempting to submit to the Holy See of Humanity, caused a lot of trouble.

Even because of this, the demon emperor who had just cracked the seal led the army of the demon world and completely wiped out the power of the Holy See in the human world.

Of course, that's all for later.