Chapter 352: Flame Armor!

"Damn, they actually did this..." Mu Feng also understood at this time, why the two chose the weakest one-pattern goldfish and two-pattern goldfish...

Because with the strength of their five-star fighting emperor level, the guardians who deal with the one-pattern goldfish and the two-pattern goldfish will also be defeated very quickly. After defeating, activate the formation method in advance, so as to control the silver dragon through the mysterious powder. Obliterate the people who burned the incense pavilion here!

"It's a pity that Xiao Yan, who took the first place in the points plundering competition, is not here, otherwise, you can be wiped out in one fell swoop."

"But it's all right. A person with a mere four-star Dou Di mid-term strength won't be able to jump for a long time. After you die, he will go down to accompany you!"

"Hahaha!" Xiaoshou's roaring laughter also slowly filled the entire space.

"damn it!"

"The strength of this silver dragon has actually reached the level of a powerhouse that is comparable to the perfection level of a human five-star Dou Di..." Mu Feng also said slowly.

The next moment, Mu Feng's pupils also shrank tightly, because he felt the extremely terrifying wave emanating from Yinlong's body...

At this time, Mu Feng was already a powerhouse in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Di, but even so, just from perception, one could know the horror of this silver dragon.

"These people are really cunning..." Mu Yingying, who was beside her, bit her lip slightly, then stared at the silver dragon who was roaring towards them both in front of her.

With Mu Yingying's current eyesight, she also discovered the conspiracy of the embarrassed Xiaoshou two.

"Hoohoho!" The loud dragon roar also filled the entire space.

"Silver Dragon!"

"Kill!" Xiaoshou's arrogant voice also filled the air.

Xiaoshou just finished speaking, the next moment, Yinlong's dragon pupil also emits a coquettish red, and the one-patterned goldfish and two-patterned goldfish are slowly surrounding, and then, and then facing Mu Yingying and Mu Feng. Attack away!

Howling with huge and sharp dragon claws, trying to slap the two to death!

"This volatility..."

"I'm afraid it is at least a blow that is comparable to the perfection level of the Five-Star Dou Emperor..." Mu Feng also pondered a little, then stared at the huge and sharp claws of the silver dragon, and couldn't help speaking.

"I'll do it." Seeing this, Mu Yingying also smiled slightly. Although this is a silver dragon with a five-star Dou Emperor Perfection level in front of her, Mu Yingying also has enough confidence to stand in an invincible position!

"Be careful." Mu Feng also knew that it would be extremely difficult for him to deal with this silver dragon, so he immediately said.

"Yeah." Mu Yingying agreed softly, and then she concentrated on dealing with the silver dragon.

When Mu Yingying was slowly concentrating on dealing with the silver dragon, Mu Feng and the siblings were also attracted by him. Within a passage, a man with a heavy ruler walked out slowly, but his His eyes also became hot.

The person who came was Xiao Yan!

Since Yu Xuan and his master, the Golden Dragon King, reached a deal, Yu Xuan also told Xiao Yan a lot about Xuanling Huangchi, and also said a lot about their Tianmuyu clan. Naturally, this matter is also kept in mind. After all, this Yu Xuan is the last patriarch of the Tianmuyu clan, and he must know more than Xiao Yan.

"This is..." Xiao Yan had just walked out of the passage, and the goldfish with nine lines in his hand also slowly exuded a different look.

Xiao Yan opened his eyes wide, and then stood at the top of the Nine Fish Opera Dragon Formation, and also had a panoramic view of the scene below.

"This Mu Yingying's strength... I am afraid it is very close to the five-star Dou Emperor." Xiao Yan knew just by looking at the blue flames around Mu Yingying.

Moreover, Xiao Yan did not rashly alert this Mu Yingying, because Xiao Yan, with her outstanding soul power, also found that this Mu Yingying seemed to have ulterior motives!

She is using battle to force herself to break through the Five-Star Dou Di!

No matter when and where, fighting is the best breakthrough and grinding stone. This is what Xiao Yan has long understood.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"However, with the strength of her vaguely touching the Five-Star Dou Emperor, she can deal with the five-star Dou Emperor's perfection level powerhouse..."

"Will it be too reluctant..." Xiao Yan also murmured, if something is wrong, he will shoot!

Because Xiao Yan also used his soul power to discover that the space here seemed to fluctuate strangely.

The next moment, the battle between Mu Yingying and Yinlong also broke out, and a dazzling light erupted at the bottom of the basin.

"Papapa!" The silver dragon came to Mu Yingying in the next moment, only a few meters away from Mu Yingying, the silver and sharp dragon claws attacked straight away, attacking Mu Yingying's jade neck And go!

This seemingly random strike actually contained most of the power of the Silver Dragon.

Because as the silver dragon swung out one claw, the surrounding fluctuations also shook violently!

"This Yinlong Five-Star Dou Emperor's perfect level blow, even if I take it, is quite difficult. It seems that this little girl will definitely die."

"But it's a pity for this figure..." Xiao Shou also stared at Mu Yingying with a smirk.

"Haha, isn't it?" Mu Yingying also seemed to have noticed Xiaoshou's extremely wretched gaze, and immediately snorted coldly, and then the next moment, Mu Yingying faced the silver dragon's claws!

Mu Yingying moved!

The azure flames all over her body instantly turned into a suit of azure armor, which surrounded Mu Yingying.

The azure blue armor is attached, and Mu Yingying's almost perfect graceful curves are also on display.

Immediately afterwards, Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes also turned into azure blue, and an extremely terrifying wave also emanated from her body.

"Boom boom boom!" The silver dragon waved its sharp dragon claws, and the next moment it also attacked Mu Yingying's azure blue armor.

After Mu Yingying transformed the azure flames that had permeated her body into azure armor pupils also turned into azure blue, and then she didn't do anything else, letting the silver dragon and dragon claws be vicious. attack on his own body.

"That's..." Xiao Yan thought that Mu Yingying was too arrogant at first, but only now did he realize that the terrifying dragon claw was still a meter away when it attacked Mu Yingying. , it stopped abruptly!

Because an azure blue force collided violently with the silver dragon claws.

"Flaming helmet!" Xiao Yan also said excitedly.

This flaming helmet is a rather sophisticated method. After all, only a very few people with special flames can use it.

Moreover, he also has a lot of requirements for fire control power, even the current Xiao Yan does not have absolute certainty about the flame transformation helmet.

So seeing this Mu Yingying actually cast it out, she was immediately shocked.

And as Mu Yingying's azure flames turned into armor, and her pupils turned into azure blue, a strange aura also permeated out...

The breath fluttered, flew out of the Nine Fishes Playing Dragon Formation, and flew to the seventh floor of the underground palace!

The seventh floor of the underground palace!

Endless darkness, accompanied by deadly silence.

"This breath is..."

"Yingying..."

"Is that you..." At the end of the darkness, a figure penetrated by countless jet-black chains also slowly opened its eyes like a sleeping giant dragon.

Ask for a recommendation!