Chapter Vol 4 927: Repel Queen Medusa!

"This breath..."

"Could it be an alien race?" With the appearance of the evil blood energy on King Xuanling's body, Cailin's pupils radiated a hint of solemnity.

Cailin's information about the extraterritorial evil clan was naturally revealed to him by the Medusa clan, but Cailin also knew from the mouths of some seniors that everyone of this extraterritorial evil clan got it and executed it.

"This breath seems to be somewhat similar to the blood demon gold aura on Xiao Yan's body..."

"What's going on?" After a while, Cai Lin said slightly when staring at the evil aura on King Xuanling's body.

The evil aura that suddenly appeared on Xuanling King's body at this time was incompatible with this world, as if it was constantly devouring the gods of this world. If Cailin had not possessed the power of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python's blood to protect his body, he would probably have been suppressed by it. .

"Susu."

"The Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python really lives up to its reputation." With the appearance of the **** color, King Xuanling's voice changed, and he spoke out slightly.

"Pretend to be a ghost."

"King Xuanling, you are going to die today." Cailin said coldly, and the perfect strength of One Star Fighting Immortal swept out in an instant, causing the space on the seventh floor of the underground palace to emit a slight tremor.

"This guy, I'm still useful, so I can't die for the time being."

"And it's not just this guy, even the Xuanling royal family can't have an accident for the time being." Since King Xuanling's pupils turned bloody, his aura and even his voice have changed. Cailin knows that the person who now controls King Xuanling's body , is not King Xuanling himself, and the evil aura hidden in King Xuanling.

"What if I insist on killing?" In Cailin's voice, a Queen's demeanor full of fearlessness burst out suddenly, and her beautiful eyes squinted slightly.

"In that case, I'm afraid the fish will die and the net will be broken."

"But even if you have the strength of a two-star Dou Xian, I have enough strength to seriously hurt you..."

"Even...fall!" A threatening voice came out of King Xuanling's mouth.

"You threaten me?" When Cai Lin heard this, her brows furrowed and she became slightly displeased.

"I'm telling the truth." King Xuanling also kept his eyes fixed on Cailin.

"Snake burst!" Cailin's voice just fell, and the bright green light beam in his hand suddenly turned into an extremely emerald green snake, roaring away at Xuanling King.

"Hehe, this Queen Medusa is really domineering." Upon seeing this, King Xuanling lifted it up, and the seemingly terrifying fluctuation instantly turned into nothingness, but what Cailin didn't realize was that his green beam attack, Although it was hidden by the Xuanling King in secret.

Seeing this, Cai Lin couldn't help but stop the attack. Although the attack he just made was inconspicuous, he had the confidence to kill the Xuanling King in the early stage of the One Star Fighting Immortal. to be easily destroyed.

"This guy has devoured the power of Xuanxin, and his strength has reached the level of the early stage of one-star fighting immortals. If you add the evil power in his body, I am afraid that if you really want to fight to the death, it will not do us any good..."

"Moreover, the hidden evil power in King Xuanling is very strange. We have to find a time to communicate with Xiao Yan, hoping to solve the blood demon gold energy in him." Cailin Meimu thought for a while, then immediately Shaking his head, he tried to turn away.

"I don't know what you have to do with the Gorefiend."

"But the Gorefiend has planted Gorefiend's golden energy on my most important person."

"Maybe the next time we meet, I will take your life with him." After Cai Lin finished speaking, she slowly disappeared into the seventh floor of the underground palace.

In fact, to be honest, the reason why Cailin let go of King Xuanling was on the one hand because of the blood demon golden aura on Xiao Yan's body. Otherwise, with Cailin's current strength, he really wanted to kill King Xuanling and foreign evil clan. There are many ways.

With Cailin's departure, King Xuanling's pupils became extremely hideous.

"Son of a bitch!"

"This Queen Medusa has something to do with that kid!"

"The Gorefiend Gold Qi is the power I planted, and the Gorefiend Left Guard is guarding the Mad Wood Immortal Master. Since the Gorefiend Left Guard has completely fallen, I am afraid that Holy Flame will also come out."

"The smell of flame on the young man named Xiao Yan just now is quite the same as that of Huoxin Tianyan." After King Xuanling finished speaking, the evil aura in his body slowly subsided, and then he returned to King Xuanling's original appearance. .

"Huhuhu." A trace of the source power of the Gorefiend had just left the body of King Xuanling, and King Xuanling was sitting on the ground, gasping for breath. Just when the Gorefiend was attached to himself, the mobilization swallowed it up. I have a lot of fighting spirit, so I am a little weak at this time.

"Queen Medusa was temporarily scared off by me."

"But this guy seems to have some ambiguous relationship with the guy named Xiao Yan in Fenxiang Pavilion." The Gorefiend couldn't help but said.

"Xiao Yan in the Burning Incense Pavilion?"

"It seems that this sect competition can't be calm anymore."

"Blood Demon Envoy, this time in the sect competition, I need to kill all the trial disciples of the super sects. When the time comes, we will gather the strength of your two clans, and the entire Xuanling Continent will be ours." Xuanling King suddenly decided What is decided in general, said.

"It's decided?" Seeing that King Xuanling was so sure, the Gorefiend was overjoyed.

"It's decided, transplant the blood curse into the bodies of our members of the Xuanling royal family." King Xuanling said slowly, closing his eyes after saying that, still a little reluctant in his heart.

"Hey, I'll wait for your words." After hearing the words of the source of the blood demon, he said slightly.

"But besides that, there is one more thing to do." The next moment, the Gorefiend said. UU reading www. uukanshu.com

"What's the matter?" King Xuanling was anxious to find a place to retreat to absorb the power of Xuanxin, and hesitated.

"You ancestors of the Xuanling royal family." After the blood demon emissary finished speaking, a green beam of light flashed in the palm of the hand that the color scales just attacked!

"This is..." Seeing the highly poisonous green light beam, King Xuanling couldn't help but shrink tightly.

"Look." After the Gorefiend finished speaking, he raised the green beam in his hand slightly, added some other power, and then slowly swept away towards the silver statue.

"Crash!" The poisonous beam seemed to be attracted by something, and went directly to the silver statue. At this time, the silver statue that had always stood still suddenly shattered slightly, and then an extremely powerful burst of light shattered. The breath seems to be about to wake up.

"See the master." After a while, the mysterious sealing power of the petrified pupil of Medusa, which wrapped the ancestors of the Xuanling royal family, actually shattered under the green light beam swung by the gorefiend, and then a terrifying voice containing the coercion of heaven and earth was heard. , slowly echoing in this space.

Let's talk about the update.

Some time ago, the author was in strength and had fewer updates. Now that the internship is over, he continues to go back to school for classes. In the third year, near the end of the term, there are a lot of things to do, and there are more classes every day. I have to update when I come back. Please forgive me.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

If Lemon graduates and becomes a full-time author, then there will be no problem with one or four, but now, it's still a little early.