Chapter 265: Ghost skills? Fear of death!

The blood-colored vortex in the sky had just formed, and the evil spirits just a little bit, and they were instantly submerged in the blood-colored vortex.

As the evil spirits were submerged in the blood-colored vortex, the constant stream of ghosts in the entire Yin Corpse Forest was also madly pouring into the blood-colored vortex!

Without exception, their bodies were extremely inflated, and then they exploded when they came into contact with the blood-colored vortex.

With the mad influx of ghosts, the blood-colored vortex in the sky is also becoming more and more solid and growing!

"Stop it for me!" Youquan also shouted loudly, and then restrained the red leaves that were about to move in one fell swoop.

"Youquan, I'm not finished with you!" Hongye also shouted angrily.

Hongye turned her head and couldn't bear to watch her own blood swirl into the sky one by one. There seemed to be some crystal tears in her beautiful eyes...

"Do you want to give up all your achievements?" Youquan snorted coldly.

Hongye is also considered to be self-made, these subordinates have been with her for a long time, Hongye also can't bear it...

"It's really a wrong step, a wrong step..." Hongye also shook his head, but there was some extremely terrifying killing intent in his eyes.

"It's almost time..."

"Twin Ghost Emperor..." Youquan also laughed, then looked at the humans on the ground, most of the fighting qi in the body was almost practical, so he looked at the sky with peace of mind.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This yin and evil is really generous..." In Xiao Yan's mind, an admiring voice also sounded.

"Huh?" Xiao Yan was concentrating on the compression of soul power and spiritual power at this time, so he didn't notice the changes in the sky too much, but Xiao Yan still felt a wave from the terrifying blood-colored vortex. A very evil aura of destruction.

"Have you seen the blood-colored vortex above the sky?"

"That's a ghost skill that can only be used by twin ghost emperors. Death is terrifying!" The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

"Death is terrifying?" Xiao Yan was also quite surprised, obviously he did not expect this to be the last power of the twin ghost emperors.

Previously, with the help of his master, the Golden Dragon King, Xiao Yan felt an extremely tyrannical fluctuation from the deepest part of the dead yin and evil body. The power of the source composition!

"As expected of a twin ghost emperor..." Xiao Yan also muttered.

Obviously, he also felt an extremely terrifying power from the growing blood-colored vortex. Once absorbed by the evil, the power of the evil has returned to its peak, and those present will also...

However, Xiao Yan was too busy to deal with it, so he had to deal with a few forces in his hands, because Xiao Yan also wanted to see how his full-strength blow could reach various levels!

"Since this Soul Eater Talisman is an evil soldier in the ghost world, it should also have an extremely tyrannical restraint effect on evil spirits..." Xiao Yan said, and a dark force in his hand also emerged from the Soul Eater Talisman. Then all of them merged into the lotus of silence in his hand!

Several powers of completely different nature were brewed in Xiao Yan's hands, and they were slowly merging. Xiao Yan had absolute confidence. Once these powers were successfully merged, their destructive power would be stronger than any previous attack. !

It's just that Xiao Yan didn't realize that when the dark mysterious power of the Soul Eater Talisman was injected into the previous soul power and spiritual power, the black energy seemed to have gained absolute control, suppressing the soul power and spiritual power. They are all retreats!

Above the sky, Chang Yu's eyes were slightly solemn when he saw the evil appearance.

In the sky at this time, an extremely terrifying blood-colored vortex is slowly taking shape!

"This is..." Chang Yu also shrank his pupils tightly, obviously he didn't expect it.

"I didn't expect this evil spirit to be so willing..."

"Don't hesitate to spend the power of the entire Yin Corpse Forest..." The slightly weak Nine Souls Monument on the side also spoke slowly.

After the Nine Souls Monument finished speaking, Hu Du and Wu Jiang also wrinkled their eyes slightly, obviously also shocked by Yinxie's tactics.

"Big tiger, what is this..." Mu Yingying also felt an extremely terrifying force from the blood-colored vortex in front of her.

"This is the furnace method of the ghost world..."

"Fusing the power generated by self-destruction to generate enough terrifying power to allow this evil spirit to devour it back to its peak!" Tianhuo Shengyan also said indifferently, but the voice in his mouth was extraordinarily solemn.

"This..." Mu Yingying bit her lips when she heard the words, obviously she didn't expect this evil spirit to be so terrifying.

Immediately, the jade hand raised slightly, as if to show something.

"Don't worry, there are ours..." Seeing this, the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger was also stopped by an extremely soft flame energy that stopped Mu Yingying's actions.

"Although I don't know who you are, I like the flame on you very much. There is an indescribable kindness on your body, so if I am here, Jiu won't hurt you." Tianhuo Shenghu also grinned.

"But..." Mu Yingying was about to speak just now, but the four people above the sky moved!

"Go!" Chang Yu snorted coldly.

As Chang Yu's words fell, the Nine Soul Monument, Tianhuo Sacred Tiger, Hu Du and Wujiang were also monstrous, and they said they launched an attack!

"Burning Incense Palm!"

Chang Yu took the lead in launching the attack, the red robe was filled with terrifying red flames, and then the next moment, a hundred-zhang-sized palm print attacked the blood-colored vortex above the sky viciously!

The huge palm print composed of Dou Qi cages attacked the blood-colored vortex above the sky. As soon as it attacked the blood-colored vortex, a monstrous flame energy erupted. UU read www.uukanshu. com and then a blood-colored ghost in the blood-colored vortex also fought fiercely.

"Break me!" Seeing that his attack was intercepted, Chang Yu's blue veins burst out immediately, and then Dou Qi appeared in his hands, and he squeezed fiercely in his hand, and suddenly the huge flame palm print not far away exploded. .

At this time, there was no damage in the blood-colored vortex, but the terrifying fireball of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger came in an instant!

In addition to the joint fighting skills of Hu Du and Wu Jiang, the three forces attacked one after the other in the same place in the **** whirlpool!

Even the strength of the blood-colored vortex could not withstand the three attacks that filled the sky, so just after they succeeded, there was a brief stagnation around the blood-colored vortex, and a gap appeared!

The attack of the Nine Souls Monument also came in an instant.

At this time, the Dou Qi in the Nine Soul Monument has been used more than half, but it is still glowing with red light, and then raises the fairy sword in his hand, a strong breath accompanied by the purification power above the fairy sword, attacking fiercely in the Above a small gap in the blood-colored vortex.

With the red light and the attack of the gap in the blood-colored vortex, a monstrous howl of ghosts and wolves suddenly emanated from the blood-colored vortex!

"You don't have to do useless struggles. The ghost skill I used with the power of my life: fear of death! It's not you who can crack it." The voice in the **** whirlpool also appeared in the ears of everyone, but they could all I feel that the strength of this evil evil is also slowly recovering in the blood-colored vortex.

Ask for tickets!