Chapter 211: replace! 10th!

"This is..." With the formation of the formation broken, Yu Hui gasped for breath. Obviously, the all-out strike just now took a lot of their strength to break the formation.

Only the last trace of silver light left on the body also illuminated the cave, and the figures who attacked the two of them slowly emerged.

A rather beautiful woman had a faint cyan Dou Qi emerging from her body, and the other was a man in a Taoist robe.

It's just that at this time, in the middle of the two, a man with a heavy ruler on his back caught the attention of Yu Hui and Yu Jing!

It was said that the man with a heavy ruler on his back attracted the attention of Yu Hui and Yu Jing, rather it was the beautiful lotus seeds wrapped in flames in Xiao Yan's hands that attracted their attention.

On the delicate lotus seeds, a miniature giant dragon is constantly swimming back and forth.

But at this time, the pupils of Yu Hui and Yu Jing widened deeply!

The two of them felt a destructive wave from the fire lotus seed!

"Not good!" Yu Hui shouted, Xiao Yan moved just when he realized that the fire lotus was not able to resist and was about to escape.

"Since you're here, how can there be a reason for you to leave?"

"Lotus of Silence!"

Following Xiao Yan's loud shout, a tiny fire lotus with twenty-two colors in his hand flew towards Yu Hui and Yu Jing at the speed of sound!

Wherever the fire lotus went, the space seemed to be unable to support this terrifying strength and temperature, and could not help shaking slightly, as if it were broken at any time.

The speed of Huo Lian was extremely fast, and in the next moment, it arrived in front of the two of them, and then attacked Yu Jing and the two. Above Huo Lian's body, the huge battle qi turned into a giant dragon, and the terrifying Huo Lian was a giant dragon. In the belly of the dragon!

"Boom boom boom!"

The terrifying lotus of annihilation is mixed with the power of destroying the sky and the earth, instantly swallowing the two remaining ash, and then the terrifying power also explodes in an instant!

Through the flames, it seems that the two people who were originally scattered suddenly stand together, but this is the case, and now they can't resist the power of this lotus of silence!

If it was their peak moment, they could still have the strength to fight, but now...

It should also only end up in a dark end!

The terrifying destructive power of the Lotus of Destruction instantly razed the entire cave to the ground!

A huge battle turmoil also swept across the circle, and it is unknown whether the two Yu Hui are dead or alive.

"Cough cough..." Xiao Yan also attacked Yu Hui with the Lotus of Destruction at the moment when the formation was broken, so as to achieve the most powerful offensive.

However, when the formation was broken, Xiao Yan, the formation master, suffered some damage. After all, the formation formed by the battle formation master was closely related to the spiritual power of the formation master and the inscription of life.

In addition to the fact that the lotus of brewing annihilation took away most of Xiao Yan's power, there were a lot of bloodshots on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth at this time.

"Xiao Yan, are you alright?" Yue Ru also hurriedly supported Xiao Yan, and then some precious medicinal pills appeared from the ring on the jade hand.

"Enough is enough!"

"You're trying to eat me to death!" Xiao Yan coughed violently, apparently due to Yue Ru's swallowing at such a speed.

Yueru also stopped what she was doing when she heard the words, but her eyes were still slightly wrinkled.

Xiao Yan is also helpless about this. It can be seen that Yueru is concerned and confused, and then slightly adjusted her body for a second, and immediately refined a part of the medicinal pills, and then the medicinal pills sent by Yueru turned into an extremely Pure energy flows through the body.

Seeing that Yueru and Xiao Yan had such a close relationship, Mu Feng, who was beside him, couldn't help but smack his lips: "Isn't it just a couple, is there something remarkable..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, Mu Feng's heart has also undergone earth-shaking changes. Originally, he felt that Xiao Yan was a friend, but at this time, he was greatly surprised!

Even though he met Xiao Yan in the teahouse at first, and then in the cold pool in the secret room, Mu Feng knew that Xiao Yan must have some powerful cards!

It's just that Mu Feng never thought that Xiao Yan would actually have the power to kill the late four-star Dou Emperor!

You must know that this Xiao Yan is only the peak strength of the Samsung Dou Di!

Others are real powerhouses in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Di, and Mu Feng knows the difference between the two clearly.

If it was me, if I wanted to clean up the injured Yu Hui second brother, I would have to spend a lot of means. I didn't expect that Xiao Yan would actually do a few tricks...

The cave was instantly razed to the ground, and the aftermath of the battle slowly dissipated.

"Are they dead?" Mu Feng was also the first to speak, because he had already discovered that the aura of Yu Hui and the others had disappeared without a trace.

"Hehe, a powerhouse in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Di, the tenth place in the points plundering competition, if he died like this, it would be too much of a vain name, right?"

"I said yes?"

"Remaining ash?"

Xiao Yan also recovered a lot of strength, and then whispered into a void.

"Cough, cough, cough!"

A few violent coughs came out, and suddenly the figure of Yu Hui slowly appeared in front of the three of them, but his body was covered in scars, like a **** man, and one of his palms that was blocking his chest seemed to be holding something.

"Cough, cough, cough!"

"Damn boy, when my injury recovers, I will definitely not be able to get around you." Yu Hui was also extremely weak. At this time, he was already at the end of the game, and any contestant could easily kill him.

"Ha ha."

"I just said that you and I survived. It turned out that I used my own brother as a shield."

"This method is really cruel." Xiao Yan also said to Yu Hui.

Obviously, according to Xiao Yan's estimation, the terrifying power of his own lotus of annihilation, and the blessing of Long Yi's dragon soul, he was able to deal with the injured two. The brothers came to resist the terrifying power of the fire lotus and escaped.

"Hehe, winning the king and losing the bandit, how can you take care of so much?" Yu Hui also endured the feeling of being in a coma due to the serious injury and said, because he knew that once he was in a coma at this time, he would end up in a coma.

"Don't you just want points?"

"How would you share the words I gave you?" Yu Hui also looked at Xiao Yan and the three weakly. UU reading www. uukanshu.com

"Hehe, it's useless to sow discord."

"And I don't just want points."

"I want your life!"

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he turned into a flame and attacked the severely injured ash!

Xiao Yan knew very well that since Yu Hui was a powerhouse in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Di, the strength behind him was definitely not weak, and since he had already forged a **** feud, there was no need to leave any worries behind. He escaped, and the future revenge against Xiao Yan was also quite a headache.

The seriously injured Yu Hui could easily kill him with a single blow, not to mention Xiao Yan's terrifying attack.

"Little chops!"

"When I recover, I will definitely want you to die!" Yu Hui said grimly.

After he finished speaking, he didn't hesitate. He felt the killing intent of the man with the heavy ruler in front of him. Although he was not reconciled, his life was important. The **** palm smashed the token heavily, and the whole person turned into a little in an instant. The light left the corpse forest.

Crushing the token means giving up this trial.

"Damn!"

"What about the points?" Xiao Yan's goal was not to kill Yu Hui, but to force him away. Seeing that he had achieved his goal, Xiao Yan was also stunned for a moment, and then yelled loudly!

Ask for a ticket~