Chapter Vol 4 1385: Du Qifei's tyranny!

"Are you still Qi Fei?" Looking at the girl in front of him with dull eyes, Xiao Yan asked with a bit of bitterness in his heart.

Once upon a time, Duan Qifei never wanted to have this kind of tyrannical power, she just wanted to be a simple girl, but now, this appearance clearly made Xiao Yan aware of something else.

"Humph!"

"What are you thinking!"

"I only have a little grasp of the power within Lei Di's scepter. As for the power of reincarnation, with me at this time, I still can't exert much..." Duo Qifei rolled her eyes at Xiao Yan, and then her eyes tightened. He stared at the ghost in front of him.

Youhuan's strength, the dignified four-star Dou Xian is complete, and as the leader of the middle-ranked Youhuan clan among the foreign evil clan, whether it is strength or combat power, they are far from comparable to them, even if Duo Qifei is now in control Even with the power of Lei Di's scepter, he was still invincible.

"Reincarnator... and this fluctuation is clearly the power of the Thunder Emperor's scepter of the Great Emperor Lei Hong." Youhuan's original Ming Ze and attack were also instantly cracked by Duo Qifei, who was bathed in the power of thunder.

At this moment, in this space, countless silver thunderbolts kept falling off the Thunder Emperor's scepter, and the power of silver thunderbolts gradually replaced the darkness, completely rendering this space as a thunder space, one after another. The tyrannical power of thunder made the three powerhouses of the extraterritorial evil clan couldn't help but be slightly surprised.

"Sir..." Both You Zun and Huan Zun slowly came to You Huan and said respectfully. Obviously, they did not expect that the defense of the cemetery would be so tyrannical, so Duo Qifei took the lead.

"Look at it."

"Leave these two to me." I don't know if it was because of absolute trust in his own strength or something else, Youhuan proudly said, and did not take other people seriously.

"Yes." When both You Zun and Huan Zun heard the words, they nodded slowly, and it was easy to deal with Xiao Yan and Du Qifei with You Huan's power.

"Little girl, don't think that controlling part of the power of Lei Di's scepter is enough to compete with me."

"It's almost the same as the real Emperor Lei Hong." Looking at Du Qifei, who was holding Lei Emperor's scepter, under the mysterious black robe, there were bursts of strange laughter, and even a faint blue light appeared. Just now, the coercion of the power of thunder was barely weakened.

"The supreme powerhouse of the ghostly family, the powerhouse of the half emperor level among the dignified and dignified evil clans, will now be afraid of my first class of women..."

"It's really surprising." Duan Qifei's beautiful eyes turned slightly, and the next moment, the Thunder Emperor's scepter suddenly hit the void a little harder.

"Boom!" One after another, the silver thunderbolts of the size of hundreds of meters, like a dragon going out to sea, with unparalleled power, directly attacked the ghost above the void, because of its huge power, it turned out to be the whole body. The airflow and space trembled slightly.

"Humph." Youhuan snorted coldly, and the big nihilistic hand under the black robe suddenly waved heavily towards Duan Qifei's location, and a faint cyan liquid also suddenly flowed out from one of its pupils, accompanied by gusts of gloomy wind. Angrily, he roared away directly at Du Qifei.

"Boom!" The azure liquid and the silver thunder suddenly attacked together, and immediately brought bursts of extremely tyrannical energy ripples, filling the space with an unprecedented smell of gunpowder.

"Although Qi Fei's power can temporarily stalemate with Youhuan with the help of Lei Di's scepter, but after a long time, I am afraid that it will be defeated, and there are two other four-star fighting immortal powerhouses..." Looking at the sky constantly When the two of them fought, Xiao Yan's dark pupils gradually became heavy. In this level of battle, if you are not careful, you will lose the whole game!

"It seems that there is only that thing..." Xiao Yan exclaimed in his heart, and then calmed down, the soul power in the body was slowly mobilized, and an indescribable terrifying wave was slowly born. This kind of wave is more tyrannical than the soul attack. Many, or even other people's attention was attracted by Du Qifei and they didn't notice at all.

"Boom!" In the sky, Duo Qifei was holding Lei Di's scepter, but at this time her body was extremely small, and Lei Di's scepter turned into a full hundred feet under her control. The size of the silver Thunder Dragon, like an angry Thunder Dragon, is majestic and heart-pounding.

"Huatian Netherworld Hand!" Seeing that Duo Qifei's control of Lei Di's scepter has reached this step, Youhuan didn't dare to take it lightly, he snorted, and suddenly, under his black robe, a stream of cyan liquid appeared Suddenly appeared, and then in front of the two, an arm with a size of dozens of feet was formed!

The arm is extremely special, and even just appeared, it suddenly filled the space with an abnormal **** smell, and on top of it, there were lines of obscure and mysterious dark blue lines that kept squirming, pushing the power of this arm to the extreme. .

"It's so strong!" Duo Qifei had transformed the Lei Di scepter into a Baizhang Thunder Dragon. At this time, the Baizhang Thunder Dragon lingered outside his body, and he felt an irresistible oppression from the evil arm.

"Hoohoho!"

"Zizi!" Duo Qifei was not to be outdone immediately, the dazzling thunder current filled his entire body, and the silver thunder dragon outside his body roamed suddenly, roaring away at the evil arm.

"Throughout the ages, no one has taken this blow from me."

"Destroy me!" Seeing Duo Qifei like this, Youhuan couldn't help laughing. No matter how strong Duo Qifei was, the difference in strength between the two was too obvious. In any case, he couldn't resist his own attack.

"Boom!" The dark blue evil arm and the Baizhang angry dragon slowly intertwined, and then at a certain moment, the majestic power of the two instantly converged in the sky.

"Xuuuu!" One after another, the energy thunder, accompanied by the dark cyan evil power, continued to spread from the center of the explosion to the four directions. Wherever it went, there was no grass, and even the space produced extremely serious tremors!

"Hahaha!"

"Lei Di Scepter... it's just like that!"

"It's over, reincarnation!" The two were in the center of the explosion, but after a while, a ghostly and evil laughter suddenly came from the center of the explosion, and a dark aura instantly covered the light of silver thunder.

"Bang bang bang!" At the last moment, the silver brontosaurus and the evil arm, which were stalemate in the center of the explosion, were actually crushed by the evil arm!

"Pfft!" At the same time, a mouthful of blood spurted out from Duan Qifei's delicate body.

"It's too early to be happy!" Thunder Dragon was broken, and the Thunder Emperor's scepter was restored to its original appearance, but the light was dim, and it was obviously injured.

"Lei Di Slash!" Duo Qifei held Lei Di's scepter in front of his chest, and then the blood irrigated directly against Lei Di's scepter.

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, the originally dimly lit Lei Di Scepter was suddenly filled with a strange and coquettish blood-red color!

In the next instant, Duo Qifei held Lei Di's scepter with one hand and stabbed it abruptly in the direction of Youhuan.

"Boom!" Youhuan's strength is tyrannical, and he didn't expect Duo Qifei to react so quickly, so he could only watch Dug Qifei use the Lei Di scepter and pierce his black robe.

"Hey!" Duo Qifei was so tyrannically hit, and immediately the ghostly left arm was cut off abruptly and fell into the air, and the ghostly expression also shrank tightly, a shocking chill. I mean, emerge.