Chapter 76: Fighting bones!

The figure walking out from the depths of the stone room was impressively composed of sections of jade-white bones. The thin body of the skeleton stands in the stone room. The original jade-white body, after absorbing the blood essence, becomes even whiter, and the whole body exudes a thick blood mist, which has turned into a scarlet color, which looks to people. A very strong **** feeling, in the eye sockets of the skeleton, two faint red lights flickered slightly.

Then the two of them saw that the blood that had just merged into the skeleton seemed to re-condense on the chest of the emperor's skeleton, where there were a few drops of blood-red blood beating, and the blood-red color exuded unparalleled power.

"It should be the same as the machine, powered by blood as the core, so that the skeleton can be resurrected for a short time, thus protecting the blood of the emperor, but as long as the skeleton can be controlled or the blood can be captured, then the skeleton will not be Attack yourself." Su Xueying also moved her beautiful eyes slightly, so she found something the same.

"It's really not that easy to get good things!" Xiao Yan cursed loudly, as if he knew just from his perception that the skeleton's current strength was much stronger than that of the four-star Dou Di, let alone defeated.

When the hoarse and ancient voice of the skeleton slowly fell, the expressions of the two standing outside the stone room also changed slightly. It seems that today, if you don't defeat this emperor's skeleton, you will not be able to leave smoothly, let alone take it. To the blood of the emperor.

Moreover, Xiao Yan heard from his master, the Golden Dragon King, that the blood essence of a strong man who is comparable to the peak of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor is very useful, and this jade-white skeleton is also used for other purposes, but the Golden Dragon King only mentioned it briefly. There is no more text.

"But don't panic, there is a trace of soul imprint left by the strong man in this skeleton. Even if it is activated by the power of blood essence, it is not a real seven-star Dou Emperor strong man. It is not impossible, but the premise is that we must join forces, otherwise, if it is defeated by each of them, it is very likely that the entire army will be wiped out." Xiao Yan said solemnly.

Hearing what he said, Su Xueying also agreed very much. If there was no such strength in the ruins, then she would not be afraid of this skeleton, but now...

"Where's your fire elf? Summon it and I can solve this skeleton in three minutes!" Su Xueying stepped on the green lotus, and the blue holy flames surrounded her.

She was obviously doing something.

"It just fell into a deep sleep..." Xiao Yan also frowned.

"Damn, it's too much trouble now...Give me five minutes!" Su Xue also shrank her eyes, and then bit her lips lightly, and blue flames emerged!

Su Xueying looked and saw that the blood-red color on the surface of the emperor's skeleton was getting darker and darker, and the blood-red blood essence within it was constantly exuding majestic power, and it was also rapidly moving on her body. All parts flooded.

Xiao Yan and Su Xueying also saw the same place.

"Go ahead, you can't wait any longer, otherwise, when the blood spreads more and more, the strength of this skeleton will also increase!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly.

As soon as the voice fell, Su Xueying already understood that time could not allow them to delay any longer. Qingliantai slowly summoned out, and the power of cyan holy flame instantly covered her whole body.

As soon as the holy flame came out, the **** aura that filled the air was also eliminated a lot. The power of the holy flame really lived up to its reputation.

Xiao Yan couldn't take care of that much either, his figure turned into a blurred shadow, and swept toward the jade-colored skeleton in the stone chamber like lightning. The vast milky white battle qi, like a volcano, surged out of his body overwhelmingly. This kind of power made the precious medicinal materials in the hall become wilted in an instant.

Seeing how powerful Xiao Yan was when he made a move, Su Xueying was also very surprised at how sensitive Xiao Yan was.

"Creak!"

The red light in the eyes of the jade-colored skeleton danced, looking at the black shadow that was swept by the vast fighting spirit, the upper and lower teeth gnawed slightly, and then took a step, the dark red skeleton palm was directly facing Xiao Yan and grabbed it. .

"Bang bang bang!"

The speed of the skeleton was extremely terrifying. Just as his palm was raised, the space in front of him was torn apart by him, his arm penetrated into the shattered space, and when he reappeared, it was already in front of Xiao Yan.

The terrifying speed of this jade-colored skeleton also made Xiao Yan's heart sink, his palms clenched into fists, all the fighting qi in his body condensed on his right arm at this moment, and then suddenly blasted out!

"Bang bang bang!"

A fist slammed into the palm of the skeleton, but the seemingly fragile skeleton was stronger than fine steel at this moment. Even Xiao Yan's full-strength punch only shook the skeleton back a step. , and himself, he was shocked and retreated a dozen steps in a row, looking a little embarrassed.

However, this Xiao Yan is not a soft-hearted person, so after stabilizing his body, he moved and shot out again, entangled with the emperor's bones again, and a fierce battle broke out.

The sparks shot out, Xiao Yan's fists and feet slammed onto the bones of the emperor, and every time he hit hard, the blood on the bones became lighter, and the red glow in the skeleton's eye sockets, It is also gradually declining.

Xiao Yan also found that although the strength of this jade-colored skeleton is extremely powerful, Xiao Yan's current body can't handle it, but the skeleton is still a little slow, so Xiao Yan can use his soul power very well. It captures its attack action to avoid it, so as to counterattack!

Seeing the good effect of the attack, Xiao Yan's heart was also shaken, and he accelerated the attack again. At the same time, the blue flames around Su Xueying's body also flickered violently.

The silver light flashed on Xiao Yan's feet, and swept directly into the emperor's skeleton. At the same time, the blood on the rib was also shaken away.

The blood on the rib was shaken away, and then it returned to jade white, like an ordinary rib.

With a successful strike, Xiao Yan just wanted to retreat, but his eyes suddenly solidified on the rib that had turned into a jade-white color, and there seemed to be a strange power emerging from the top of it.

"Boom boom boom!"

The rib that was attacked by Xiao Yan was actually radiating a stronger, even stronger power than before!

And not only that, there was something about to explode at that rib.

"The power of regeneration!"

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan lost his voice when he looked at the skeleton's jade-white ribs.

Looking at the battle on the field, Su Xueying couldn't help but be a little surprised. The remains of the emperor were indeed very strong. Even under such a powerful attack as Xiao Yan, they were still defeated.

This is just a residual imprint of the soul. If it is a complete emperor, how terrifying would it be?

Xiao Yan also felt that it was a little difficult. Obviously, the fighting power of this skeleton made him a little horrified.

"are you done?"

"There seems to be something wrong with this emperor's skeleton." Xiao Yan also asked.