Chapter 78: The power of the source of holy flame!

Since the terrifying corpse energy poured into Xiao Yan's body, he struggled violently at first, and then fell silent. He shrank to a corner of Xiao Yan's body and became quiet, and the power of Xiao Yan's strange fire also dispelled it. No.

"Master, what should we do now?" Xiao Yan also hurriedly asked after seeing the skeleton stagnate temporarily, and the corpse aura returning to its body.

"The corpse qi in your body has been temporarily suppressed by me, and it will not recur in a short time, but it is also a scourge to keep it like this. Let's solve it when you go out. Now let's solve the problem in front of you." The Golden Dragon King also spoke slowly. .

"Now I can only rely on this woman's holy flame power."

"I hope her grasp of holy flame is not too shallow." The Golden Dragon King also looked at the Qingliantai emitting a terrifying flame thoughtfully.

"Boom boom boom!"

The terrifying murderous corpse aura gushed out from the ribs of the skeleton, and then attacked Xiao Yan and Su Xueying overwhelmingly!

"damn it!"

Xiao Yan was also scolding, he just suffered a big loss from this vicious corpse energy, but unexpectedly it was still pouring out continuously, it seemed like a bottomless pit?

Immediately, she turned to look at Su Xueying, the green lotus that her jade feet stepped on exuded an extremely hot and cold aura, and then some vague runes appeared.

"I only have one blow right now. If we fail, we will all..." Su Xueying also had accomplished something incredible, her breath instantly wilted.

"I'm the main attack, you are optimistic about the timing." Now, Xiao Yan and Su Xueying are grasshoppers on the same rope.

The milky white flame of fear instantly enveloped Xiao Yan's whole body, and then he slowly removed the black heavy ruler from behind...

The heavy ruler had just been removed, and Xiao Yan's aura was also rising, reaching the peak of the Three Star Dou Di!

Facing the murderous corpse aura released by the skeleton slowly standing still, Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, and then the fighting energy all over his body mixed with the power of flames slowly poured into the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler.

The original black heavy ruler was instantly transformed into colorful and colorful due to the injection of the huge flame power. Looking at it, on the colorful ruler, twenty-three colors complement each other, like one.

"Hurry up, I can't last long." Xiao Yan also said to Su Xueying who was beside him, and then looked at the menacing corpse aura with bright eyes.

"Three-step swimming ruler!"

"One step!"

Seeing that the vicious corpse energy was about to reach where Xiao Yan and Su Xueying were, Xiao Yan stepped out with his left foot forcefully, and then used his full strength with both arms, roaring out from his mouth.

The terrifying flame power was also poured into the Yihuo Eternal Ancient Ruler when Xiao Yan shouted. The Yihuo Eternal Ancient Ruler absorbed a huge amount of flame power. With a wave of corpse aura, a burst of energy with a monstrous flame attacked it!

"Boom boom boom!"

The offensive launched by Yi Huo Heng Gu Chi brought a hundred zhang rays of light and slashed viciously at the invisible and fierce corpse aura!

"Bang bang bang!"

The flames and the evil corpse qi merged together fiercely. When the two first came into contact, the power of the flame was so powerful that the fiery corpse qi was also dispersed a lot, but the fierce corpse qi was also bursting into a monstrous atmosphere, and it was hard. The suppression of the flame training.

Xiao Yan was also watching the defeat in mid-air, but it was not surprising that the power of the emperor's bones was really not easy to mess with. But he also knew that if the vicious corpse qi was attacking at this time, the calm corpse qi that had just poured into his body would also erupt, and the fate of that time could be imagined, so Xiao Yan Also gritted his teeth.

"Two steps!"

Following Xiao Yan's loud shout, the Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler in his hand also burst into twenty-three brilliant and colorful colors. Attack away!

"Boom boom boom!"

The terrifying flames were mixed with the same imposing aura just now and the fierce corpse aura collided together!

This time, even if it is the first stage of the Immortal Rank Fighting Skills, one or two steps of the three-step swimming ruler can't help this fierce corpse energy. There were sparks all over the sky and the aftermath of the battle, and there was a slight vibration in the space around you!

"The Frozen Throne!" Su Xueying snorted softly, and then all the flames poured out from her body. Xiao Yan, whose eyes were extremely sharp, also found that when Su Xueying performed this move, her whole body was wilted to the extreme.

"Good good!"

"It turned out to be the power of the source of holy flame!" The Golden Dragon King also laughed at this moment.

"The so-called source power of holy flame is an attack or defense method possessed by holy flame itself. This kind of thing can only be used after acquiring holy flame, after mastering holy flame and continuing to explore, I can't think of this little girl... ..." The Golden Dragon King did not hide his surprise at all.

Xiao Yan also heard that such a strong man as his master, the Golden Dragon King, praised him so much. He couldn't help but have a deep fiery in his eyes, and then he murmured to himself, "Is the power of the source of holy flame?"

The power of cyan flame radiated from Su Xueying's jade feet under the green lotus, forming a mysterious triangular rune!

Saying it's late is quicker!

Just when Xiao Yan's attacking flames were about to be defeated like a deflated balloon immediately.

The cyan flame is mixed with a mysterious triangular rune, and there is another force in the rune, which is directed towards the fierce corpse aura in the air, while the mysterious triangular rune is straight towards the skeleton!

"Bang bang bang!"

The original aggressive corpse energy found something wrong when it encountered the cyan flame. The current power of the cyan flame and the power of the flame just now are obviously not at the same level, just like a small flame encountering a huge water source. The corpse gas fled wildly in an instant!

Sacred flame is holy flame after all, how could it be tolerated that this ferocious corpse aura escaped and caused other troubles, the cyan flame exploded instantly under Su Xueying's soft drink, and then under Xiao Yan's surprised eyes, the original The vicious corpse aura that was dominating the air in mid-air was actually completely frozen by the blue flames!

On the other hand, the skeleton, since the ribs were attacked by Xiao Yan, lost their color, healed instantly and exuded a huge murderous corpse aura, they were half motionless due to numbness.

The cyan flame slowly surrounded the skeleton along with a mysterious triangular rune, and then wanted to freeze it in an instant!

The power of the hot flame contains terrifying energy. Although the skeletons fought hard, they could not resist the power of the holy flame.

In a place where the icy cold instantly covered the skeleton, the skeleton also dimmed at this moment.

Su Xueying also had beads of sweat on her beautiful eyes, and then raised her weak eyes to look at the skeleton.

I saw a few drops of blood red blood slowly swimming on the chest of the frozen skeleton.

​​