Chapter Vol 2 742: Challenge 7 Star Doudi

"Boom boom boom!" The huge ruler shadow appeared in the sky, and suddenly a sense of powerlessness came from the minds of many disciples.

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, Xiao Yan directly controlled the huge shadow of the moving sky ruler, destroying all the terrorist attacks that were condensed by hundreds of disciples.

"not good!"

"Go back!" At this moment, hundreds of disciples realized that what Xiao Yan said was true. Just when the huge shadow of moving the sky was about to attack them, they realized that this Xiao Yan, they could Can't be bothered!

If an attack of this level falls on them, let alone hundreds, I am afraid that thousands of disciples will not be able to resist!

"Come back." Xiao Yan said softly, and then the huge shadow of the moving ruler instantly turned into a stream of light, and then flickered into Xiao Yan's ancient ruler of strange fire.

Afterwards, Xiao Yan took back all the offensive and returned to calm, and the ancient ruler behind Xiao Yan also became mysterious.

Everything was calm again, and suddenly, there was silence here, and they didn't know what just happened.

"Good boy, it really smells like moving a ruler!" After a few breaths, the disciples of the Hall of Humanity near and far all cheered!

Because of the treasures of their human palace, there are actually people who have successfully cultivated!

This Xiao Yan completely broke the bad news that no one had successfully cultivated since the establishment of their Human Temple!

This is a great honor for them!

"Hehe, I never imagined that I would see Tiantian Ruler regain its radiance in my lifetime..." Seeing this, Mu Xuzi immediately burst into tears, at least Xiao Yan did not disappoint them.

"Senior brothers, I admit it." At first, Xiao Yan just wanted to promote the prestige of their Hall of Humanity. Now that the goal has been achieved, it is natural to be polite. After all, they are all from the same sect.

"Haha, I didn't expect Junior Brother Xiao Yan to succeed in his cultivation and become the treasure of the Palace of Humanity."

"Congratulations to Junior Brother Xiao Yan." Some of the hundreds of disciples present said slowly. They all knew that Xiao Yan's achievements in the future would probably be limitless, so they immediately became polite.

After all, strength is always the most respectable thing.

"Okay, since the matter is over, let's go back separately."

"In a few months, a certain ruin will be opened, and that will be the last stepping stone for you to participate in the sect competition." Mu Xuzi said quite happily.

"Hehe, thank you, Deputy Hall Master Mu Xuzi." Seeing this, the disciples immediately had the momentum to disperse. After all, this Xiao Yan, they couldn't afford to offend him at this time.

"Hehe, Mu Xuzi's deputy hall master, wait." Just when Mu Xuzi smiled and opened his eyes, a serious voice slowly broke the peace.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan also raised his head slightly, what is this guy trying to do?

But the next moment, Xiao Yan had the answer in his heart.

"Zhu Yuan?"

"What else do you have to do?" Seeing this, Mu Xuzi frowned immediately. If someone else said it at this time, with his short-guarding character, he would inevitably have to teach him a lesson, but this Zhu Yuan was different.

This Zhu Yuan is currently the strongest among the disciples of the Earth Palace!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Although the strength of the elder brother of the earth hall is stronger than him, but the elder brother is not in the sect when he is out, so he is the strongest among the disciples of the earth temple!

And recently, Zhu Yuan's strength has logically broken through the Seven Star Dou Emperor, which is quite different from the previous half-step Seven Star Dou Emperor.

"Deputy Hall Master Mu Xuzi, don't be nervous, I don't have anything important."

"It's just that I have recently learned the treasure of our Earth Palace. It is rumored that the Palace of Humanity is the treasure of the three halls of heaven, earth, and people. The people's palace ranks first. I just want to confirm this statement." Zhu Yuan took a step forward. He opened his mouth slightly.

"Zhu Yuan, don't mess around!"

"Your Seven-Star Dou Emperor has successfully dealt with our Human Palace Six-Star Dou Emperor. Wouldn't it be shameful to say it out?" Mu Xuzi was immediately angry. When Zhu Yuan said this, he would bully the small if he didn't make it clear. Deputy Hall Master Mu Xuzi!

"Zhu Yuan!"

"The main nonsense, this kind of thing will naturally be true in the future. Now you are saying this, no doubt..." Seeing this, Xiong Yuan immediately scolded secretly, he knows Mu Xuzi's character too well, although this guy is kind, but Beneath that kindness, there is a frenzy hidden!

Someone dared to provoke the prestige of the treasure of their human palace here, Zhu Yuan made it clear that he was looking for trouble!

"Deputy Hall Master, let me try it." Seeing that Mu Xuzi was even more angry, Xiao Yan immediately held him with a hand, and then spoke slowly.

"No, you haven't grown up yet. As the deputy hall master of the Human Palace, I have the responsibility to stop some unnecessary troubles for you. Otherwise, if this matter is known by our hall master, it will be necessary to scold me." Mu Xuzi snorted immediately.

"Vice Palace Master, don't worry."

"The mere Seven Star Dou Di, I, Xiao Yan, haven't paid attention to it yet!"

"Furthermore, since you want to prove that the treasures of the three halls of heaven, earth and people are stronger and weaker, then I also want to prove that the strongest person in the human hall and the strongest person in the earth hall are stronger or weaker!" Xiao Yan's voice Like thunder, it suddenly exploded in this space!

"what?"

"Is this Xiao Yan an idiot?"

"Zhu Yuan is the strongest in the Hall of Earth today, and his strength has reached the level of a Seven-Star Dou Emperor. Although Xiao Yan has mastered the treasure of the Hall of People, his strength is too weak, and I'm afraid he will suffer."

"You can't say it like that, didn't you see the gorgeous flame on Xiao Yan's body, that flame, but Zhu Yuan at the level of Seven Star Dou Di is slightly afraid I see, this is a fire Good show." The disciples around them kept saying.

"Second Senior Brother, what are you doing?"

"Don't you want to go up now to cause trouble?" Seeing this, Ling Xuan spoke with a slight dissatisfaction, and then looked like she wanted to go up and hold Zhu Yuan.

"Forget it. Second Senior Brother has his own plans."

"Trust him, he is absolutely reckless." Zhang Wumeng said to Ling Xuan, Zhang Wumeng is very clear about the second senior brother Zhu Yuan, to have such a tyrannical strength and the name of the second senior brother of the earth hall, relying on It's not luck, he must have his reasons for doing so.

"Hopefully, but it seems that the Seven-Star Dou Emperor is dealing with Xiao Yan, who is a complete Six-Star Dou Emperor..." Ling Xuan was still a little worried, he naturally knew the strength of the second senior brother Zhu Yuan, and now Xiao Yan has successfully cultivated in the Hall of People. Treasure, Xiao Yan's status is also rising, and I am afraid that he will be the target of training. If something happens to Xiao Yan in Zhu Yuan's hands, I am afraid...

"Xiao Yan actually wants to challenge Zhu Yuan of the Seven Star Dou Di?" Mu Feng was surprised when he heard this.

"We believe him!" Mu Yingying and Xiao Yi on the side did not show any hesitation, and kept their most anticipated eyes on Xiao Yan. Both of them knew that Xiao Yan's strength was terrifying!

"Haha, it was actually mentioned by someone."

"Then I will do as you wish!"

"Earth Palace Zhu Yuan vs Human Palace Xiao Yan, I implore the two deputy palace masters to witness!" After Zhu Yuan finished speaking, he suddenly smiled, and a monstrous fighting spirit emerged!

Ask for tickets!