Chapter Vol 4 1043: Brother, please be holy!

"Guru."

"After swallowing you all, I should be able to restore some of my strength." After a while, the Gorefiend, who was walking towards the seven people in the Lower Heaven Palace, had an evil smile on the corner of his mouth.

Although he only has half of the power of his body now, but he was seriously injured in the Demon Suppression Territory. At best, he is probably able to deal with some ordinary eight-star fighting emperors. Want to rely on devouring human life to restore power.

"What the **** is this..." And the seven people in the Tiandian looked at the extremely evil Gorefiend in front of them, and there was a hint of despair in their hearts!

The Gorefiend in front of him was like an abyss that made people shudder, and every time he approached the crowd, the pressure on everyone increased.

"Take them away!" At this time, Mu Tianyuan forcibly supported the fear in his body, and said solemnly in a solemn voice, he knew that if he hesitated, he might not be able to leave.

"None of you will be able to leave." As soon as Mu Tianyuan's voice fell, the Blood Demon Envoy suddenly noticed their intentions, and then gave a wicked smile.

The smile just fell, when the Gorefiend's body, a group of dazzling blood-colored aura, whizzed past directly, trapping the seven people in the Temple of Heaven in a short moment.

"Huhuhu..." And the seven people in the Heavenly Palace had already been seriously injured by a blow from the Gorefiend, and now they can only watch them fall into trouble.

"This thing... is eroding our life force."

"Within ten minutes, I'm afraid all the vitality in our body will vanish."

"We must escape within ten minutes!" As soon as they were wrapped, everyone tried to struggle, but the **** aura that wrapped them was extremely tyrannical and could not struggle for a short time, Mu Tianyuan frowned tightly and said.

"Eldest brother, I'm afraid this guy won't give us this chance." Before he finished speaking, he was interrupted by Luan Yu, and a shocking scene slowly appeared.

"Hahaha!"

"I won't give you any chance, turn it into my nourishment!" Suddenly, the Gorefiend screamed in the sky, and then the blood-colored aura that had wrapped the seven people in the Heavenly Temple flashed directly at the Gorefiend's body. .

"Not good!" Seeing this, the seven people in the Heavenly Palace were hurriedly shocked, and all the power that could be mobilized in their bodies burst out at this moment.

However, despite the strength of the seven people, they faced the Gorefiend without success. In a short period of time, the **** aura came to the Gorefiend, and then the Gorefiend opened his **** mouth and was about to put the blood demon. It swallows up.

They knew that the Gorefiend in front of them was extremely terrifying. If they were swallowed by the Gorefiend, their chances of survival would be slim.

"Those who dare to hurt my Burning Incense Pavilion will not be able to find death!" And at that critical moment, a huge flame ruler hundreds of feet in size, directly with the tyrannical power of flame, blasted away at the Gorefiend. , And above that flame, is a khaki flame!

"Xiao Yan!" After hearing the voice, the Gorefiend who was so proud just now said through gritted teeth. He could only temporarily give up dealing with the seven people in the Heavenly Palace, because the giant flame was mixed with the power of holy flame. , the Gorefiend who was seriously injured now obviously did not dare to confront him.

"Blood Demon Envoy, you still remember me." Xiao Yan's figure flickered out directly, and he succeeded in one strike, and then rescued the **** aura, because he knew that the seven people in the Heavenly Palace were among them.

"Humph!"

"Xiao Yan, you killed the four Gorefiends and the grievances in the Demon Suppression Territory. Let's get to know them here!" Hearing the words, the Gorefiend said directly to Xiao Yan without any fear.

"You were lucky enough to run away in the Demon Suppression Territory. This time, you won't be so lucky." Xiao Yan also said with a grim look.

Not to mention anything else, this Gorefiend is not only the murderer who killed Yin Tong, but also the culprit who controlled Yan Chi. He is also the master of Sheng Yan, and Xiao Yan must completely obliterate him.

"Xiao Yi, look at the senior brother, this guy, leave it to me." Xiao Yan looked at the blood demon envoy who was full of danger in front of him, and then projected the blood-colored aura in his hand directly at his back not far away. .

"Where's my brother..." Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, but she didn't see Yanchi's aura, even with her perception, she didn't find any trace of Yanchi.

"Okay." After a while, the blood-colored aura was directly caught by a handsome figure. At the same time, there were two figures beside him, one was the four gods and no masters, and the other was Mu Ying. Ying.

"Shabu Shabu!" The blood-colored aura had just started, and Xiao Yi released it immediately, and the figures of the seven people in the Heavenly Palace slowly appeared.

"You guys are back?" Just after coming out of the evil aura, the elder brother was surprised.

"This is……"

"Senior brother..." But before Xiao Yi could speak, Mu Tianyuan's eyes suddenly saw a figure not far away.

The figure was extremely tall and straight, with a fine jade qin on his body, and he had a rather gentle appearance.

But like this, Mu Tianyuan, even the seven people in the Heavenly Palace, will not forget it even if he dies!

The man in front of the four gods without masters is the disciple of their Fenxiang Pavilion master who regards them as their own, Yin Tong!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This is Senior Brother Yintong. I'm afraid I've lost my memory now, but I haven't fallen." Xiao Yi looked at the shocked seven people in the Temple of Heaven, and she didn't know what to say for a while.

"Junior Brother Xiao Yan, please Junior Brother, please show us the incense pavilion..." The seven people in the Tiandian heard the words, and their eyes were directly directed at Xiao Yan, who was opposed to the blood demon envoy in the sky. It knelt down.

Until this moment, the seven people in the Heavenly Palace completely believed in Xiao Yan's potential and strength, so now the banner of Burning Incense Pavilion naturally fell on Xiao Yan.

"Do not worry."

"This blood demon envoy will definitely kill today!" And Xiao Yan also noticed such a grand gift from the seven people in the Heavenly Palace, and immediately smiled slightly.

This kind of kneeling etiquette, in the incense pavilion, means to completely believe...

"I don't know the heights of the boy!"

"In the Demon Suppression Territory, because of the help of the Holy Flame Spirit, and now without the power of the Holy Flame, the mere strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor in the middle stage is also trying to compete with this envoy?" Where did the courage come from, he burst out laughing.

"Hey, this Gorefiend's tone is quite mad, but I don't know if half of the Gorefiend's power is as strong as I desire." Just as the Gorefiend's ridicule fell, Xiao Yan's body was immediately engraved with countless complex symbols. The ancient rune of Wen is also in Xiao Yan's body, slowly inciting.

"Senior, how sure are we to kill him completely when we join forces?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking.

"Why are you asking?"

"There is only a blood demon in the area, but the owner has not taken it seriously, let alone this guy is only half of the power of the blood demon." The ancient lines on the runes, a mysterious ghost, radiated directly.

There is something wrong with the update today, and there will be another update tonight

normal update tomorrow

Three more tomorrow