Chapter Vol 4 1983: Go to the ancients, climb the peak cloud road!

Douyun Continent.

Its status is probably no less than one of the cores of countless continents in the human world, and it has the existence of the seven ancient clans that are quite famous in the world. Adding the Holy See, I am afraid that other realms are difficult to compare with it.

This is an extremely fertile area. There are some villages around it, and the smoke is still lingering, but somewhere there is an avenue of clouds looming. Through the avenue of clouds, you can vaguely see a distorted void, standing in the sky .

That is the ancient world, where the ancient tribes lived for generations!

At this time, in the endless mountain range, a black-shirted man, with a heavy ruler behind him, was walking slowly towards the depths of the clouds.

This person is Xiao Yan, and this guy was chased out by Cailin Mu Yingying and the two, saying that he should bring Xun’er back as soon as possible.

But it was a coincidence that the time-space wormhole also directly came to the boundary of Douyun Continent, and according to the guidance of intelligence, came to a land dozens of miles away from the ancients.

The ancient clan seems to have been closed for decades. It is said that the saintess with extraordinary talents in the clan were born. They tried to cultivate the saints with the strength of the whole clan, and suddenly cut off all contact with the outside world!

However, the ancients have always had unwritten rules since ancient times. Every other year, on the fifteenth day of the first lunar month, a summit will be held to welcome countless vassal races to visit the ancestors of the ancients and outsiders to observe.

This kind of rule set by the ancestors, even after closing the clan, cannot be resisted, so it has been continued.

Simply today is the day of the peak. As long as you can cross the cloud road and enter the peak, you will be able to challenge the seven elders of the ancient clan. Once you defeat the seventh elder of the ancient clan, it is enough to propose a not-too-excessive proposition with the ancient clan. conditions, and made an exception to join the ancient clan.

This kind of attractive bargaining chip has attracted countless people. After all, a fighting technique or magical medicine is a drop in the bucket for the ancients, but they can become members of the ancients through challenges and enjoy this The protection shrouded by the Big Mac kills two birds with one stone, which also makes every climber overcrowded.

"Hey, I didn't think it would take so much trouble to see my wife?" Xiao Yan looked up and found that the deep cloud had begun to creep slowly. Obviously, this was the road to the peak, and that kind of black crowd made it difficult for him to move. Xiao Yan once doubted its authenticity.

Now Xiao Yan has slightly covered his appearance so that ordinary powerhouses can't find it, and even lowered his aura to the level of the early stage of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal. Xiao Yan had no choice but to resort to this.

After all, not everyone is as powerful as Xiao Yan... No, it's just hard work and long-term wandering on the edge of life and death to gain strength.

"Xuuuu!" With a sound, Xiao Yan ran quickly, heading directly towards the gathering place of Yundao.

The cloud path converged on the top of a mountain peak, and in an instant, countless clouds turned into ripples, and immediately from the top of the mountain, a cloud of stairs emerged, a distance of a thousand meters, suddenly connecting the ancient world!

Outside the ancient world, seven looming peaks appeared at the end of the cloud road. Among the seven peaks, all the elders of the ancient clan guarded here, and also selected the outstanding seedlings for the ancient clan to join them.

However, the ancients still have prejudice against these outsiders. Even if they are talented, they cannot become the core members of the ancients. After all, without the existence of the blood of the ancients, it is very easy...

However, even this does not affect the enthusiasm of countless people trying to join the ancient clan today, because being able to join such a giant family is a promising future.

After the rest, there were tens of thousands of people standing in an empty square at the top of the mountain. They stared at the seven mountain peaks at the end of the Yundao stairs, and their strengths also ranged from one-star fighting immortal to five-star fighting immortal.

"Master, here..." After a while, the two men in strange costumes slowly parted from the crowd, and then the attendant behind him couldn't help but say.

"Forget it, don't worry about it." The handsome man smiled when he heard the words, staring at the end of the cloud road.

This person is Liu Hao, the son of light in the Holy See. Now the Holy See has entrusted many things to him, but he ignored the mystery of the fall of the traveling angel and sneaked out with an attendant. peak.

As long as you can succeed, you can propose the qualification to let yourself step into the forbidden land of the ancient clan, and then you can go to find the lover of your dreams... When I think of that fairy who does not eat the fireworks from the world, there is no trace of it for several years. The news made Liu Hao feel itchy.

I have read countless women, but I have never seen such a beautiful woman, so I want to get her no matter what.

"Hey, let it go, it's in the way." When Liu Hao's eyes flashed with some evil thoughts, a rather lazy man slowly hit Liu Hao and said softly.

"You're courting death?" Seeing this, the attendant around Liu Hao couldn't help roaring, his fist contained a very strong wind, whizzing away at him!

"Crackling." The seemingly fierce fist stopped suddenly when it hit Xiao Yan all over the body.

"Come back!" Seeing this, Liu Hao frowned, and immediately shouted.

"Let's start, Dengfeng Yundao." Not long after, when the tense atmosphere was going on, I don't know who said a word. Suddenly, the whole square was full of people's voices, and countless figures rushed towards the Yundao stairs one after another. On!

"The breath of the Holy See... I always feel that something is not right Xiao Yan did not move rashly, but stood quietly in the same place, looking at the locust-like crowd above the sky, shaking his head.

However, just now, Xiao Yan intentionally hit Liu Hao, and the magic cube, which had been silent for a long time in Xiao Yan's body, was touched in the slightest.

This kind of feeling, I am afraid that only the traveling angels can have it. It seems that this guy's status in the Holy See is extremely high, and even his unpredictable strength is also heart-pounding.

"Boom!" When countless figures stepped on the stairs of the cloud road and ran up, one after another angry thunder emerged from the sky, slashing at these guys without reservation, and suddenly a mourning sound emerged.

"Not good!" After a while, the originally sturdy Yundao stairs suddenly disintegrated, and the climbers turned pale in shock, and immediately there was no hesitation, a coercion and gravity directly suppressed them. The body, falling towards the foot of the mountain!

"Crash!" Some powerhouses were so embarrassed by this sudden scene. Giant pits appeared under the mountain peaks. What's more, they were so weak that they were directly smashed into flesh by this mysterious force. , quite shocking.

"It seems that the so-called Dengfeng Yundao is not so easy, I am afraid there is another mystery." Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled relievedly, then turned around handsomely, and followed directly.

Afterwards, Liu Hao and the others followed, but among the dozens of people behind him, there were actually quite a few powerful people, and there were even some auras that Xiao Yan didn't notice.

That kind of breath is like the strong ones in "sin", but I don't know what they are doing this time.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: