Chapter Vol 4 1976: Bury the hatchet!

"..." Silence, for a while, with Xiao Yan taking the first move so easily, the powerhouses in the field suddenly fell silent.

In the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, he was actually able to take a full blow from Marven Ye in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals?

"Hmph... Younger Marven Ye, don't let the water go." At the same time, a fat man with a hideous face in the crowd took a step forward and roared suddenly, even the surrounding mountains trembled slightly, and the strength contained in his body was enough to tear it apart. Mountains and rivers, heart palpitating.

"Hehe, the Sect Master of the Elephant Armor Sect is joking. Brother Xiao Yan is very talented, but it is not something that a scholar like me can match."

"If you don't believe it, you can go up and try it out." After Marven Ye finished speaking, he also quietly retreated, but there was a smile on the corner of his mouth. It was obvious that he had just noticed the dragon scales on Xiao Yan's body. The Sect Master of the Xiangjia Sect, I am afraid it can only be half a catty.

Originally, the grievances between the two were not deep, but in the final analysis, they still had to return to the vassal of the Xiao clan. This was what Marven Ye thought. Therefore, in the shot just now, there were actually quite a few elements of releasing water, but it was a pity that Marven Ye underestimated it. Xiao Yan's strength.

"Senior, please." Looking at the naive big fat man in front of him, Xiao Yan said politely, but it was also the thick muscles on the guy's body, which revealed a rather uncomfortable depression. With a full weight of 300 kilograms, both arms and feet contain extremely tyrannical strength, and every move can shake the mountain, and he is a representative powerhouse of strength.

"I am the Sect Master of the Elephant Armor Sect, Man Jin, and the late Eight Star Fighting Immortal."

"I have a bold life, and I hate the fact that your Xiao family is greedy for life and fear of death, and you turn around and kill the guardian. I will do my best when I make a move."

"If you are acquainted, recognize it as soon as possible, this Sect Master will not be difficult for you... But don't mention how to resolve this grievance, go straight from this top of the mountain, and teach me how to call a dog to climb out!!!" The momentum was huge, as if Hongxia shot out like a flying shot, actually igniting this piece of void, there is a faint sense of intense distortion, I am afraid that this enchantment where the guardian lives will be completely broken in a short time. Come.

"Hehe, Sect Master Manjin is joking."

"Although this junior is only a descendant of the Xiao Clan, but he has all the true inheritance of his ancestors, so even if the senior makes a move." Xiao Yan smiled without saying a word, and the arrogance in his voice could not be contained.

Salute first and then soldiers, otherwise you can only fight a tooth for a tooth!

"Hahaha!"

"What a sharp-toothed boy!"

"Today I will show you what real power is!"

"The power of the four elephants, the hooves of the four elephants!" Looking at Xiao Yan's appearance, Man Jin's body swelled rapidly. In a short moment, it swelled like a giant thousands of feet, standing in the sky. The huge footprints slowly wrapped in luster, directly stepped on Xiao Yan!

The void shattered directly, and countless energies of heaven and earth boiled and stirred in an instant, and a strong unease swept the hearts of all the powerhouses.

"Xiao Yan..." Seeing this scene, Su Xueying couldn't help biting her silver teeth, and she was extremely worried.

The Sect Master of the Elephant Armor Sect obtained a trace of the power of the Four Elephants by chance. With the blessing of that kind of power, in combination with the power of the late Eight Star Fighting Immortals, its attack power is already comparable to the powerhouses who touch the reincarnation!

"Huhu... It's really scary, but it's too small to look down on me!"

"Dragon God Transformation!"

"Undead Nether Sparrow Soul Shadow!"

"Immortal golden body!"

"Demon Emperor!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan saw countless forces in his body gushing out like spring water.

The blessing of the Dragon God Transformation made a very faint golden luster appear on Xiao Yan's body. If Xiao Yan cultivates the Dragon God Transformation to the peak in the future, I am afraid that the strength of the physical body will be able to reach the highest realm!

Outside of the body, the shadow of the soul of the King of the Undying Nether Sparrow, like an energy shawl, completely protected Xiao Yan's body from the most deadly attack!

In addition, the immortal golden body is indestructible, and it decorates Xiao Yan like a real golden giant that will never fall!

On the outermost layer, Fang is a figure of Qingtian with a prevalent demonic energy, standing slowly, his eyes directly confronting the footprints of the power of the four elephants!

"Boom!" In an instant, looking at Xiao Yan's so many defensive means, Man Jin snorted coldly, his huge body suddenly exerted force, the footprints of the four elephants fell directly, and an extremely tyrannical force fell from the sky. Like a meteor that has fallen into the world, it is extremely terrifying!

"Boom!" With a sound, the body of the demon emperor Tianxiang was dormant under the footprints of the four elephants almost instantly, and then the immortal golden body temporarily stopped its fatal attack.

"I'm careless..." Seeing the demon emperor's celestial appearance being so vulnerable, Xiao Yan's scalp was numb, and a trembling trembling filled the air. Obviously, the so-called power of the four elephants is also a supreme power that is comparable to the power of reincarnation. !

"The Pattern of Domination!"

"The Mirage Sky Curtain!" After a while, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, the pattern of Dominance on his arm, like a star, rose from Xiao Yan's arm, and suddenly a huge water curtain like a thousand feet, A defensive barrier was formed in the city to protect Xiao Yan to the death!

"Kacha!" The immortal golden body shattered.

"Boy, are you convinced?" Looking at this scene, Man Jin sneered.

"It's not enough!" Xiao Yan roared coldly, the enormous pressure made Xiao Yan's teeth clenched, and the sound of friction between the bones was exceptionally clear!

"Pfft!" The monstrous water curtain of the Pattern of Dominance is crumbling.

"Boy, admit defeat, or you'll be blown away!" Looking at Xiao Yan who was only protected by his fighting spirit, Man Jin shook his head and said, with an indescribable joy in his heart.

"No...you can't just give up, just a little bit at the end!"

"Hold me!" Xiao Yan had a grim smile on his face, sweat dripped from his forehead, and the clan lines on his forehead also flashed a rare light, the power contained in it was extremely terrifying, but in the next moment, It was directly taken back by Xiao Yan.

"This is... the dragon king's scale and clan pattern of the dragon clan, this guy..." At the same time, a group of strong men behind them looked at each other in dismay. They knew very well that the barbarian brocade, blessed by the power of the four elephants, might not have the strength. Completion is weaker than the real Eight-Star Dou Xian, Xiao Yan's actions are no different from sending him to death.

"Don't you see that everything he's doing now is to make amends for us hoping to smooth out the anger in our hearts?"

"Dragon King's dragon scales, the power of clan lines, and even the power of five holy flames, even if a real reincarnation powerhouse is in front of him, as long as he thinks, he may be qualified to perish together!"

"What the **** are you thinking about!" At this moment, Su Xueying could no longer suppress the anger and tears in her body. The tip of her nose was sore, and the tears flowed down like a dam. go.

"Mother... are we all wrong?" Looking at the area where Xiao Yan was covered by countless smoke and dust at the center of the explosion, even at the last moment, Xiao Yan did not attack, just defended, knowing that this was a mortal situation , and there was no evasion. Man Jin and the strong men behind him couldn't help but feel a deep self-blame in their hearts.

"Whether it's right or wrong... but this little guy, I like it very much." It seemed that it was silent for a long time, and it seemed that Xiao Yuntian's words had left a deep shadow on Feng Wan'er, and Feng Wan'er's eyes became clear. , Looking at this riddled barrier, looking at Xiao Yan whose life and death are unknown, he spoke softly.

There was no extreme anger in his voice, but a touch of tenderness. It seemed that Xiao Yan's every move had truly won her respect.

At this moment, although the feud between the Xiao clan and the guardian has not yet come to light, Xiao Yan, with his own actions, will undoubtedly ease the relationship between the two.

The feeling of letting go of the old hatred actually made these guys feel a little ashamed, but for Xiao Yan, this kind of price is too huge... Although they don't know that Xiao Yan is immortal, otherwise Xiao Yan's actions now will be indestructible. It can only be considered to be self-inflicted.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: