Chapter Vol 4 2134: All expectations, promotion to 8 stars, exit...

"Mu Feng?"

Everyone was dumbfounded, watching such a fierce attack on the sky, and looking at the black figure, Mu Yingying couldn't help but said.

However, as soon as Mu Yingying's voice fell, and before the other strong men had other thoughts, the four angel wings in the sky shook slightly, and the boundless arc of light spread out, and the entire gloomy world burned, causing It has become quite sacred here.

The terrifying angel's wings showed no mercy. At an extremely alarming speed, they tore away the black figures in the gloomy thunderclouds. Along the way, the void was forcibly torn apart. A black crack, the evolution of this void is extremely uneasy!

Even the countless people below listened to the harsh sound, the eardrums were shaken with blood, and the scalp was numb, as if it was the end of the day!

"It's Mu Feng. After he left the Xuanling Continent, he went to the ghost realm. He didn't expect to see him for a few years, and his strength was so terrifying."

Mu Yingying and a group of elders behind them took action to resist the Yuwei of Angel Wings, and immediately said.

"Evil soldiers of the ghost world?"

"Why do you have such a thing!!!"

The sky is gloomy, there is no sky, and it is extremely gloomy, so the brilliance of the angel's wings is even brighter. At this time, above the sky, the incomparable attack of the angel's wings is like hitting a stubborn stone, unable to move at all!

"Of course it's to kill you!"

"The yin and yang method, broken and extinct!"

"Yin-Yang Order, No. Yin-Yang!"

Seeing Kelly like this, Mu Feng moved.

The black crystal defense all over his body was directly removed, and immediately turned into a black crystal block the size of a palm at a speed visible to the naked eye.

On the black crystal block, there are special lines like silkworms, and even the center of the crystal block is written with the word yin and yang.

“Shabu Shabu!”

After a few breaths, the gloomy thundercloud suddenly began to boil and roll, and the rolling thunder was like the wrath of the sky, releasing endless coercion!

A bolt of lightning emerged from Mu Feng's body, and immediately a very special force of yin and yang was born. Under Mu Feng's subtle control, it suddenly hit the angel's wings, causing a thunderous sound that resounded through the sky!

"Whoa!"

Now without the nourishment of light, the angel's wings are like a single tree that cannot be supported. It swayed gently.

"Bang bang bang!"

The feathers of the angel's wings fell to the ground like a meteor, causing countless energy ripples on the complete ground, flying sand and rocks, strong winds, and the scene was extremely hot.

"Pfft!"

Mu Feng's attack contained the sinister evil energy of the sixth evil soldier in the ghost world, so he broke through the defense of Angel's Wings in one fell swoop and directly hit Kelly in the abdomen.

"Ahhh!"

A scalp-numbing roar resounded through the sky!

"I... I'm going to kill you!"

Feeling the severe pain emanating from her abdomen, Kelly spurted out a mouthful of blood, her eyes became scarlet, staring at Mu Feng like a man-eating beast.

His own dignified reincarnation angel was actually injured by two eight-star fighting immortal-level humans before and after?

This is a shame for me!

"It's a little bit worse."

After doing all this, Mu Feng also came to Xiao Zifan's side with the Yin-Yang Token in his hand. Although he had obtained the inheritance and great opportunity of the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts, he had not yet reached the realm of great achievement, otherwise he could directly obliterate the angel.

"Everyone, long time no see."

Mu Feng looked at some familiar figures around him and hurriedly said hello.

"It's good to be back."

Mu Yingying also responded with a slight smile.

"But the situation is still unresolved."

"This space should be blocked by her. We have nothing to do but save ourselves."

Cai Lin was also puzzled.

"There is only one way now."

"We used fighting skills to feint and create opportunities for Senior Xiao Zifan and Mu Feng."

Looking at Angel Kelly, whose anger is rising, the angel's wings are closing behind her, and the temperature between the heavens and the earth is scorching hot unconsciously, and the wisps of light seem to be trying their best to break free from the shackles of the ghostly spirit, and they are about to come here!

With that kind of fluctuation, it is obvious that Angel Kelly is not going to keep any more hands now!

"I'm afraid... I won't have that chance!"

Mu Feng looked up and saw the gloomy thunderclouds above the sky, which were suddenly torn apart by the four holy white angel wings, and the brilliance was blooming.

At the same time, the angel's wings roared like a wild beast, rapidly expanding, bursting with light threads, and wherever they passed along the way, a touch of warm light and a shocking force of destruction descended here.

This terrifying attack is enough to wipe out everything!

"Die!"

"Angel Wings, Light Cover!"

The cold and loud singing voice emanated from Kelly's red lips, making the bodies of countless people here tense and their souls trembling!

The power displayed by Angel Kelly today is definitely not an eight-star fighting immortal!

That is reincarnation, the power of reincarnation!

The effect Xiao Zifan and Mu Feng achieved just now were based on the angels who did not use their full strength. Now that Kelly is using all her strength, even if they join forces, I am afraid they will not be able to fight!

Angel Kelly's singing time is quite short, once it is finished, I am afraid this place will turn into a real purgatory!

"One minute!"

"last minute!"

Seeing this scene, Mu Feng was extremely calm, and immediately got up first, and endless gloomy ghosts were rising, blocking the sky towards the sky.

"The Yin-Yang Order doesn't seem to be complete, what's going on?"

Xiao Zifan is well-informed, so naturally he knows some things, but he didn't have time to think about it, so he shot together, trying to block the condensation of the power of the angels.

"Bang bang bang!"

Angel wings, accompanied by bursts of filaments of light, they not only nourish everyone, but also bind and lock the souls of human beings, falling from the sky, endless brilliance.

Countless powerhouses in the Endless Fire Territory tried to resist, but their strength was too weak. They were directly hit by the light silk. Their faces changed suddenly, their muscles tightened, and the sea of ​​fighting qi in their bodies tumbled violently. Even their souls were under such a warm halo. It was extremely painful to be bombed.

This is just the first step, and it has such a terrifying power. If it is completely attacked by it, I am afraid that the endless fire domain will be turned into nothing.

"Absolutely cannot let the wings of angels descend."

Cailin took the lead, the snake spirit and his body slowly stood up, the speed skyrocketed, and shot directly at the silhouette above the sky.

When the other powerhouses saw this, they looked at each other and followed at the same time. No matter what the result was, they did not regret it at all.

"Fall down!"

The angel's wings are like the feather blades of the sky that have just been stretched. Once stretched, countless white flames on the look turn into beams of light that reach the sky, containing the sacred energy of the angel's wings, falling from the sky!

It is majestic, like the supreme power above the Nine Heavens Milky Way tilted down, suppressing the countless people here!

"..."

The pressure of the breath of death was approaching, causing Cai Lin and the others to smile bitterly, but on their bodies, a touch of the breath of life was released!

Burn life block the baptism of light and protect the endless fire domain!

"Hehe... The lackeys of the Holy See, when would they dare to come to my endless fire domain to be presumptuous."

A lazy voice, accompanied by tens of thousands of brilliant fire foxes, suddenly burst out from under the ground of this restless endless train.

The beams of light emanating from Firefox and Angel's Wings touched, and they were evenly matched and annihilated together!

After the catastrophe, everyone couldn't help but look up.

It was underground under the Endless Fire Territory, and a huge pit appeared. At this time, in the huge pit surrounded by smoke, a man's figure was looming, but the power contained in the man's body was far from the normal Seven Star Fighting Immortal!

And when I saw this guy the most, a touch of long-lost relief finally spread from the bottom of my heart!

full book

txt download address:

phone-reading: