Chapter 572: The stubbornness of the father and daughter!

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, with the appearance of the blood-colored Dou Qi beam in the blood fog of the Gorefiend Left Guard, the barrier that isolated the duel field and the top of the desert mountain range suddenly shattered!

And the barrier protecting this dueling field was broken, and in the blood mist of the Gorefiend Left Guard, a gloomy smile suddenly appeared, which made people feel quite unpleasant!

"Hahaha!"

"Immortal Master Crazy Wood, you can't trap this guard with this barrier. Today, without the barrier of this barrier, I see how you can destroy me?" In the blood mist of the Gorefiend Zuowei, a voice of disdain came out instantly!

Immediately, a familiar figure suddenly climbed out of the blood fog of the Gorefiend Left Guard!

This is the Gorefiend Left Guard!

It's just that the aura of this Gorefiend Left Guard is undoubtedly much stronger than before!

"Go away!" Immortal Master Madwood didn't even look at the Gorefiend Left Guard when he heard the words, and his pupils locked onto the top of the duel arena!

At this time, above the duel arena, a rather funny scene appeared!

I saw Xiao Yan holding Shanyao and Shanling on the left and right respectively. As for the snake torture, due to Xiao Yan's timely reminder, it was not affected!

"Boy!" An earth-shattering shout suddenly sounded from the sunken duel field in front of Xiao Yan!

"Mass!" Xiao Yan saw this, his scalp was numb, he couldn't help but cursed secretly!

As Immortal Master Crazy Wood's voice fell, an aura bursting into the sky suddenly burst out!

The next moment, Immortal Master Crazy Wood suddenly came to Xiao Yan!

"Senior!" Xiao Yan gritted his teeth while enduring the pressure of the immortal warrior.

"Let them go!" Immortal Master Crazy Wood's brows were filled with extremely terrifying aura, and he drank at Xiao Yan, obviously complaining about the two women in Xiao Yan's arms.

Xiao Yan heard the words, without hesitation, he put down the two daughters, Shanyao, Shanling, with both hands. However, at the moment of crisis, although Xiao Yan hugged the two daughters, the placement of his palms and fingers was just right, and he did not touch any part of the two daughters!

"You..." As Shanyao Shanling looked back, the Mad Wood Immortal Master said obsessively.

"I don't know you." Seeing this, Shan Ling took a deep breath and said calmly.

"Ugh……"

"You'll be fine." Immortal Master Madwood said helplessly.

"Hahaha!"

"Immortal Master Crazy Wood, I didn't expect you to have today!" A playful voice came from the mouth of the Gorefiend Left Guard!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Humph!" Seeing this, Yan saw the power of holy flames soaring instantly, suppressing the blood mist all over the Gorefiend Left Guard!

"Don't go too far!" Gorefiend Zuowei snorted coldly, facing the power of the terrifying holy flame of this rock, even the second strongest of his Gorefiend clan was quite afraid!

"I'll stand it here, Master, you'd better explain it to the little master first." Yan naturally knew that there was some misunderstanding between Immortal Master Madwood and his daughter Shanling, and immediately said.

"Okay!"

"Give me five minutes!" Seeing this, Immortal Master Crazy Wood said in a comprehensible way.

"What do you want to do!" Shan Ling opened her mouth slightly when she heard the words.

"Shan Ling, I know I'm sorry for you... But as the owner of this desert mountain range, I am forced to do so." Immortal Master Mad Wood stepped forward slightly, his breath shrinking, where is there a little bit of this desert mountain range? The power of the lord, the immortal warrior.

"But why did you abandon her and run away alone?" Shan Ling said with red eyes.

Although the letter has indeed been changed, Shan Ling still feels that the Mad Wood Immortal Master must have some secrets that no one knows!

"Abandon her?" As soon as Shan Ling's voice fell, Immortal Master Madwood's expression became extremely ugly!

"I haven't abandoned her at all." A majestic voice came from Immortal Master Madwood.

"impossible!"

"The letter in the manor and manor has already been said." Shan Ling stubbornly held back her eyes that were about to fall, and said with her beautiful eyes staring at Immortal Master Madwood.

"The letter in the manor did say yes, but the content may have been changed by the immortal rank fourth-grade prototype pill."

"The letter in the manor and manor only records the soul liquid and the difficulties I encountered, and nothing else is mentioned at all!" Immortal Master Madwood said with some humor.

"But..." Shan Ling heard the words, she just wanted to say it in Du, but she couldn't think of what to say.

If the letter in the mansion and manor was really changed, then there is no doubt that he is really embarrassed for his actions.

At this moment, Shan Ling has five grains and miscellaneous grains in her heart.

Shanyao on the side was staring at Immortal Madwood, because she could feel that Immortal Madwood had an aura that was exactly the same as their Tianmuyu clan!

The Gorefiend Left Guard was constantly suppressed by Yan's whole body's holy flame power, and had some difficulty faintly.

"Damn it, when I regain some strength, everyone here will die!" The Gorefiend Zuowei snorted coldly in his heart, and immediately ran away!

"Are you Shanyao?" Immortal Master Madwood said to Shanyao with some guilt.

"Uncle Mu..." Shanyao was extremely well-behaved, and said to Immortal Master Crazy Wood.

"Oh, it was me who blamed me at the beginning. It was because of me that your two families were destroyed, and the wives and estranged." Immortal Master Madwood said helplessly, and suddenly there were many holes in his eyes.

"I want to know the truth." After a few seconds, Shan Ling, who had been taciturn, suddenly spoke up.

"Well, there are some things you will know sooner or later... I'll tell you while this soul power is still there." Immortal Master Kuangmu looked at the two daughters, full of doting.

"What exactly happened to Immortal Master Crazy Wood back then..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and immediately cast his eyes on Immortal Master Crazy Wood with interest.

"Outsiders only know that I am Immortal Master Crazy Wood, but they don't know my real name is Shanmu."

"Thousands of years ago, the desert mountain range was still one of the most powerful places in Xuantian Santian. At that time, I had already reached the level of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor and the third-rank alchemist of the emperor. It was also difficult to find an opponent. At that time, I was arrogant and arrogant, thinking about cultivation, and decided to go out for a walk, but I didn’t want to be fooled by others.”

"At the beginning, I was stuck in the third-grade alchemist of the emperor's rank, and I couldn't break through to the immortal rank for a long time I was so eager for success, which led me to go to extremes."

"So I came into contact with a mysterious powerhouse in the ghost world."

"Just when I was about to put the wrong one, I encountered Yan."

"Yan was originally a holy flame. At that time, he was attacked by the Gorefiends. When he was about to die, I swallowed him. The process of swallowing was full of hardships, but it was a success."

"After swallowing the holy flame, my strength and refining skills skyrocketed. When I returned to the desert mountain range, I inherited the position of the master of the desert mountain range. At that time, I met your mother."

"Your mother has extremely beautiful long hair. She is born with a smile and a good heart, and she often saves some weak beasts or humans..."

"Because of your mother's good character, disaster also followed."

"I clearly remember that it was a refreshing morning. Your mother was nine months pregnant at that time, but it was because of a walk that she brought back something that destroyed our entire desert mountain range."

"Blood Demon Qi."

"The Gorefiends took an innocent and weak child as a guide, and forcibly sealed many strong Gorefiends inside, escaping my sight, so on the day you were born... it exploded!"

"The day you were born, the blood flowed like a river. Because your mother had just given birth and added self-blame in her heart, she still did not escape the disaster in the end, and I, as the king of the desert mountain range, no matter how many Those who are reluctant to give up must also kill these foreign evil races..." Immortal Master Mad Wood said slowly.

Ask for tickets!