Chapter Vol 4 1004: The news of the 7 people in Tiandian

"Brother, you shouldn't take action now, leave this guy to me." Mu Yingying directly stood in front of Yan Chi and said immediately.

"Your breath?" At this time, with Mu Yingying's fighting spirit bursting out, Yan Chi also found something wrong and asked.

"Well, thanks to Xiao Yan's thing."

"The middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor." Mu Yingying smiled slowly.

"Be careful, this guy's poisonous fighting spirit is not weak." Yan Chi did not forget to exhort.

"En." Mu Yingying agreed softly, and then held the fairy sword in her palm tightly.

"These two guys are good-natured. I don't know when the Fenxiang Pavilion recruited the disciples."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Although that old man's strength is only in the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, he is like a terminally ill person who has no fighting power, but it makes me feel a chill."

"And this handsome man in front of him, the people from the Burning Incense Pavilion who participated in the sect competition last time, except for the seven people in the Heavenly Palace, haven't all the others already fallen..."

"This guy's strength is that of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor Consummation, and where did he come from?" One question after another troubled the senior brother of the Ten Thousand Poison Sect.

"Hey, distraction when fighting with people is a big no-no." Xiao Yi didn't know what Du Mo was doing, so she swept her figure and attacked him with a dazzling punch.

"Bang bang bang!" Du Mo didn't dare to be distracted when he saw this. After all, the other party was also a seven-star Dou Emperor. Immediately, a green battle qi burst out, and then collided with Xiao Yi's attack.

"Enjoyed!"

"Come again!" Xiao Yi said immediately, looking at Du Mo, who was on a par with her.

Of course, Du Mo naturally doesn't know that Xiao Yi has reservations, otherwise, with Xiao Yi's full strength, this Du Mo will probably be instantly killed by Xiao Yi with one move, but Xiao Yi has always been in the Burning Incense Pavilion, and there is not much chance to make a move. , so now I plan to play with Du Mo to relieve my boredom.

"That's what you want!" Du Mo smiled when he saw this, because every time he attacked and hit Xiao Yi, a trace of breath would flow into Xiao Yi's body, that was venom, wait for the right time Mature, once Du Mo is detonated, not to mention a mere seven-star Dou Emperor perfect powerhouse, even an eight-star Dou Emperor powerhouse will be seriously injured.

How could Xiao Yi not know about this thing, but Xiao Yi didn't even use the power of Emperor Yan's flame at this time, but only used the most primitive fighting qi. As for the venom that poured into her body, it had already been burned into nothingness by Emperor Yan. .

"Little beauty."

"Can't you see that the means are very ruthless?" On the other side, Wang Xie and Mu Yingying were fighting. Wang Xie looked at Mu Yingying, who was extremely aggressive, and couldn't help but say.

Wang Xie's strength has now reached the peak of the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, and he is only one step away from the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor. Naturally, it is not comparable to a guy like Mu Yingying who has just entered the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor.

But as the battle went on, Wang Xie actually discovered that Mu Yingying was indifferent to his poisonous fighting qi!

In other words, no matter how powerful his poisonous fighting qi is, he can't hurt Mu Yingying in the slightest!

"Aren't Feng Da afraid of flashing her tongue?" Mu Yingying held the fairy sword in her hand, cast a slight glance at Wang Xie, and said indifferently.

As soon as he finished speaking, the immortal sword in the palm of his hand suddenly lifted up, and he drew ten lines of sword energy in a row on his chest, attacking Wang Xie.

In fact, Mu Yingying is completely ignorant of swordsmanship and swordsmanship, but since the immortal sword has returned to its peak and possessed the artifact spirit, Mu Yingying has been constantly communicating with the artifact spirit, and naturally, she will also use the immortal sword.

"What a fierce sword energy!"

"At this level of attack, I am afraid it can be compared with those of Jianzong." Wang Xie looked at the ten sword qi whistling towards him, and did not dare to take it at a loss. He had to use poisonous fighting qi to continuously weaken the sword immortal. , but in the body, a seven-faced devil with a monstrous poison is slowly brewing.

"Where are you running!" Seeing Wang Xie being chased by her sword energy, Mu Yingying let out a coquettish anger, and then she suddenly chased after her.

"It's good to come!"

"Go to hell!" At this moment, the fear on his face disappeared instantly, replaced by a smile.

"Not good!" At this time, Mu Yingying also realized that she seemed to be fooled by Wang Xie. In Wang Xie's palm, a seven-faced devil plant suddenly whistled away at Mu Yingying!

Out of instinct, Mu Yingying wanted to summon the power of holy flame to resist, but it was too late at such a close distance!

"Not good!" And Yan Chi below, also suddenly moved up at this time, trying to save Mu Yingying.

"Go to hell, little beauty!" Wang Xie watched his natal method bite directly at Mu Yingying, and seemed to have seen the miserable scene of Mu Yingying being bitten to pieces, so she couldn't help shaking her head. .

"Haha, Wandumen really likes to use some rude means." At that critical moment, the space around Mu Yingying suddenly wriggled strangely, and then directly stretched out from the wriggling space. A palm wrapped in khaki flames, and Mu Yingying's delicate body was also surrounded by a warm palm.

"Plop!" The khaki flame palm stretched out slightly, and then directly grabbed the seven-faced devil plant, and then suddenly smashed it into pieces!

"Puff puff!" At the moment when the seven-faced demon plant was crushed, Wang Xie suddenly spewed out a few mouthfuls of blood.

"Die!" The wriggling void closed slightly, and then a huge ruler flashed out directly, slashing towards the weakened Wang Xie.

"No..." And Wang Xie never thought that he would die in such a bad way.

"Thank you...Thank you." At this time, Mu Yingying didn't know all of this but felt her pretty face get hot, and stammered to the man in front of her.

"Hehe." After Xiao Yan heard this, he immediately put away his palm in embarrassment.

At the last minute, Xiao Yan used space teleportation and came directly to Mu Yingying's side, but the seven-faced demon plant was about to attack Mu Yingying, so he had to hug Mu Yingying's slender waist with one hand and pulled it away. Distance, the other hand crushed Wang Xie's attack.

And the seven-faced demon plant is the lifeblood of Wang Xie. Once the seven-faced demon plant dies, Wang Xie's foundation will be greatly damaged, and then he is easily beheaded by Xiao Yan, and there is no residue left.

"How could it be possible..." On the other side, Du Mo, who noticed that Wang Xie had fallen, also had the intention of retreating.

"Don't rush to run."

"After playing for so long, it should be over."

"Go down and accompany your junior brother, so that he won't be alone." And Xiao Yi said slowly when he saw his big brother appear. After speaking, the aura of the Eight Star Dou Emperor's initial stage was unmistakable.

"The limit between the blood rivers... the initial stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di..." At this moment, Du Mo was completely dumbfounded!

"Kill and go." Xiao Yan said softly, and then descended directly to the ground with Mu Yingying!

"Don't... don't kill me!"

"I know the news about the seven people in your Heavenly Palace!" At this time, feeling the fear of death, Du Mo shouted at Xiao Yan like crazy, because he knew that this seemingly gentle man was the four of them. A decisive role in it!

m.