Chapter Vol 2 1: This friend's book "The Great Reincarnation of the Heavens and Ten Thousand Realms"

"Xiao Yi..." Feeling the terrifying aura contained in the Shattered Rock Burial, Xiao Yan looked at the handsome figure standing in front of him with a little difficulty!

The visitor is Xiao Yi!

Although Xiaoyi did not participate in this team competition with Xiao Yan, as a fire elf, since Xiao Yan came to Dou Di Continent and had a mutation, she has some mysterious connections with Xiao Yan, more or less able to. Help Xiao Yan, and be able to rush when Xiao Yan is in danger!

"Broken!" Xiao Yi stepped on her feet suddenly, gaining enough strength, and then her fists slammed out!

The momentum is like a grand, like a long rainbow penetrating the sun!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying destructive power of the Rock Shattered Sky Burial suddenly surrounded the Holy Flame space, making this space exude an indescribable terrifying aura!

"Break it for me!" Xiao Yi drank abruptly, her fists seemed to be mixed with the power of flames that destroyed everything, and she suddenly faced the rock-shattering burial composed of countless broken stones and the power of holy flames!

"Holy Flame Embryo?" Seeing this, Xinyan couldn't help but be startled, but she was not surprised for a long time and then calmed down.

"Forget it, if you take Huoxin Tianyan, you can also get a holy flame embryo, which can be regarded as killing two birds with one stone." Xinyan stood on the commanding heights and said slightly, the hot color flashing in his eyes became more and more obvious.

In Xinyan's opinion, although this little Yi is an embryo of Saint Flame, at best he is a child at best, and he can kill him by turning his hands and floating clouds, and he doesn't take it seriously at all.

"Boom boom boom!" Yansui Tianfu suddenly met Xiao Yi's fists, but it was surprisingly quiet, as if the entire space became silent.

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, there were many mysterious lines on Xiao Yi's fists, and then the rock fragmentation burial cast by this heart rock instantly shattered!

"How is that possible!" Seeing this, Xinyan's contempt disappeared without a trace!

Xinyan is very clear about this rock-shattering burial that he casts!

Even if he is only the spirit of holy flame, without the support of holy flame's source power, it is impossible to be defeated so easily!

"It's really been a long time since I've done it, and I'm so unfamiliar." Xiao Yi said with a hearty smile, his laughter was extremely gentle, as if nothing disturbed his mind because of this terrifying rock-shattering burial.

"Humph!" Xinyan snorted coldly, from disdain at the beginning to a deep voice now.

Because the arrival of Xiaoyi just now did not bring any power, Xinyan underestimated his power, and now that his own rock-shattered burial was cracked by him, only to find that this guy's strength is extremely terrifying, even if he is not strong, he is about to Step into the level of Nine Star Dou Di!

"Brother, are you late?" Xiao Yi glanced at Xinyan coldly with murderous intent, then her eyes became gentle, and she said to Xiao Yan.

"It's just right." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but smile.

"How is it?" Xiao Yi supported Xiao Yan and felt a little bit of the weak body in Xiao Yan's body due to the use of too many methods before.

"This guy is very strong." Xiao Yan had just been supported by Xiao Yi, and suddenly the pure power in Xiao Yi's body continued to pour into the body, and a warm feeling flowed out.

After all, Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan both use Emperor Yan, so both have the same power.

"Attachment."

"I have the confidence to defeat this guy." After a few breaths, Xiao Yi said.

With Rao's current strength, it would undoubtedly be too difficult for him to defeat this Xinyan by himself.

"Is it feasible..." Xiao Yan asked weakly, after all, the matter of possessing the body is not a small agreement for the two.

"It's alright." Xiao Yi said with a smile, although there are many risks in possessing a body, at this moment, this is the only way.

"What are these two guys secretly planning?" Seeing this, Xinyan said in a low voice, and immediately became vigilant.

This Xiao Yi's strength is not weak, and with the addition of Xiao Yan who is fraught with Fen Jue, Xin Yan does not think that these two will not have some trump card.

"First strike is the strongest!" Xinyan agreed in her heart, and the breath all over her body burst out instantly, and a huge breath suddenly emerged!

"Burning Flame Hand!" With a light snort, Xinyan attacked directly at Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi's position with a huge destructive power!

"Come on!" Seeing this, Xiao Yi didn't hesitate, a trace of flame power appeared on her body, which was the same as Xiao Yan's, and then hit Xiao Yan directly!

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's body became gorgeous, the holy flame crystal, the ancient ruler of different fire and the immortal body are all shining brightly!

The dazzling light is emerging, this time, it actually makes Xinyan feel a dangerous atmosphere!

Moreover, the clan lines on Xiao Yan's forehead became brighter and brighter!

"Go!" Xiao Yan had killing intent on his face, raised his palm slightly, and patted Xinyan's attack at will, and suddenly a shocking red light suddenly shot down!

"Boom boom boom!" The two just collided, and suddenly strong fluctuations flickered directly in the holy flame space.

It is also the sacred flame space that is extremely powerful, otherwise such a strong battle fluctuation, I am afraid that the general enchantment has already been fragmented.

"What the **** did you do!"

"Bastard!" The blow failed, Xinyan seemed to realize the danger of the matter, and immediately stared at Xiao Yan!

At this time, Xiao Yan felt an indescribable feeling of the strongest throughout his body. That feeling seemed to make Xinyan feel that he was just a frog at the bottom of a well!

"Emperor Yan, Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan smiled softly with killing intent on his face, but in that laughter, all the killing intent emerged!

"impossible!"

"How could the Spirit of Fire merge with humans?"

"This is impossible!" The next moment, Xinyan seemed to be going crazy, looking at Xiao Yan with red eyes!

Because of his own perception, the aura on Xiao Yan's body and the aura of Xiao Yi just now were completely merged together!

Even the intensity of the flame has increased too much, and the strength is also vaguely breaking through the Nine Star Dou Emperor!

"The strength of Jiuxing Doudi is really wonderful."

"Although there is only one minute, it is enough to solve you." Xiao Yan stared at Xinyan with a smiling smile!

"not good!"

"Holy Flame Space..." Xinyan broke through and realized something, and then exclaimed.

"Sacred Flame Space, peel it off for me!" In an instant, Xiao Yan's majestic voice spread to Sheng Yankong and chatted every inch of it!

"Shabu!" As Xiao Yan's shouts ended, the holy flame space actually wriggled, and then khaki flames emerged from all directions!

After it emerges, it shoots directly at the heart rock!

"Damn bastard!"

"The strength of the Nine-Star Dou Di can already exert the full power of the holy flame, and the use of the holy flame space and the exploration of the holy flame are even more..."

"No, if it goes on like this, it will fail... I can only use that method." Seeing this, Xinyan had never imagined this scene. need to use.

"Peel off the holy flame!"

"Hunt!" Xiao Yan's majestic voice came out, and then he stared at Xinyan fiercely!

One minute is enough to kill Xinyan and harvest a complete holy flame!

Ask for a ticket!

Title: "The Great Reincarnation of the Heavens and Ten Thousand Realms"

Author: Taishangtiandao

Introduction: Through the heavens, across all worlds, from covering the sky to perfection, reincarnation in the heavens and the world, I am the biggest liquidator!

Ruthless Great Emperor: "Not to become an immortal! Just to wait for your return in this red dust..."

Infinite flow written by friends, I personally think it is very good, friends who like it can take a look.

https:

Please remember the domain name of the first publication of this book: .. Mobile version reading website: m.