Chapter Vol 4 1615: Master and servant meet!

"It's so strong." Xiao Yan couldn't help but say when he sensed the spread of this soul power.

"Crash!" After a while, on the red tombstone, a red-clothed shadow suddenly appeared from within, and when the shadow just appeared, the entire space became quiet in an instant, as if waiting for their queen to return. In the quiet void of the skin, there is an extremely terrifying danger.

"Queen of Ghosts?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but exclaimed when he saw the woman in red who suddenly appeared.

The red-clothed woman's cheeks were wrapped in tulle, and she couldn't see the specific outline, but her graceful figure was staggering, and under such a curve, the hidden power was enough to destroy the world.

"Let's go." The woman in red just appeared, she glanced at Xiao Yan with her beautiful eyes, and immediately shook her head.

I don't know why, some of Xiao Yan's obscure auras made him feel quite familiar, but he only had acquaintances in Soul Eater Realm, and now there are no guys in Li Soul Realm who knew him, which made him red. The woman in clothes was quite puzzled, and immediately said, otherwise, with the character of the ghost queen, the killing would have already started completely.

"Senior...Although it's a bit presumptuous, but today, I have to break through here, so I'm offended!" In an instant, seeing the ghost queen's figure emerge, Xiao Yan first clasped his fists and smiled, and then the dazzling soul power quickly emerged like a tide. , gathered around him, resisting the hidden powers around the ghost queen, and the fighting spirit permeated. Xiao Yan naturally realized that this guy and his teacher, the master of soul eaters, should have something to do with some vague words on the red tombstone. What an extraordinary relationship is normal, so let's try it out.

"etc!"

"Little guy, I miss you a little weird, so I don't want to do anything to you..."

"But this is my territory. If you don't retreat and take the initiative to attack, I'm afraid we will meet in real war. I won't be polite then." There was a faint coldness, and from this coldness, Xiao Yan sensed a boundless icy killing intent.

"The python of the spiritual palace!" Seeing the red-clothed figure so warned, Xiao Yan disapproved.

Inside Xiao Yan's soul realm, there is a ninth-level spiritual palace. At this time, the first-level spiritual palace has been filled with majestic soul power, and a dazzling light emerges. After a while, in front of Xiao Yan, a giant soul python forms.

On the soul python, the dark-colored scales are quite strange, and it seems to contain monstrous mysterious power, and the soul python is filled with an extremely terrifying aura, which is extremely terrifying.

The soul python had just emerged, carrying an extremely terrifying aura, and a faint light wrapped Xiao Yan, and immediately stared at the red-clothed figure in front of him with a delay, as if it was instinctive, it could detect the tyrannical figure in the red-clothed figure. strength, so be wary.

"Is the soul power at the peak of the early stage of the fairyland 'Tai Xu'..." Looking at the dazzling soul python around Xiao Yan, the red-clothed Qianying said with a slight surprise, obviously she did not expect Xiao Yan's soul power to reach this level.

The number of layers of the spiritual palace determines the limit of soul power in the future. Generally, the spiritual palaces of the normal powerhouses are basically distributed between the fourth and seventh floors, and the powerhouses who can condense the eight-layered spiritual palaces are very few in the entire Great Thousand World. As for the nine Layers of Spirit Palaces, I am afraid that there are only one-handed numbers in the entire Great Thousand World, so that the most tyrannical ten-layer Spirit Palace only exists in legends, but it is said that the ten-layer Spirit Palace has extraordinary soul power, and once the ten-layer Spirit Palace Ignite, gestures, planes and realms, destruction and birth are only in the blink of an eye.

"Go!" After taking a breath, Xiao Yan's mind moved, and the spirit palace wriggled and immediately controlled the soul python, roaring away at the ghost queen with a ghastly face.

The soul python was covered in dim light, and in an instant, it completely ignited the ghost cemetery, which was as bright as a galaxy. Such an extremely terrifying soul power, even a normal four-star fighting immortal, could not easily deal with it, Xiao Yan also wanted to see how tyrannical this ghost queen was.

"..." The soul python roared away at the red-clothed shadow with a ferocious face, but the strange thing was that when it approached the red-clothed shadow for several dozen meters, it actually became quiet, and after a few breaths, it turned into fullness. The sky powder dissipated in this ghostly graveyard.

"Guru." At this moment, Xiao Yan swallowed a sip of saliva with difficulty. Now Xiao Yan realized that although the power of this ghost queen is also a four-star fighting immortal, her soul power is far more than his own.

Soul power, after entering the fairyland, is divided into three realms: "Taixu", "Huayuan" and "Shenyou" in the fairyland. Each realm is divided into three levels: front, middle and back, and each level seems weak. In fact, the difference is huge.

"This guy is actually the soul power of the late stage of 'Tai Xu' in the fairyland. I was barely in the early stage. The difference between the two of us is two levels. Adding the gap in the strength of fighting qi, it is too tricky." Looking at the soul python It was easily defeated, Xiao Yan said solemnly, obviously if this ghost queen does not have a good plan to deal with it, I am afraid that the next battle will become more difficult.

"Little guy, elder sister doesn't want to kill you...but you brought it on yourself, no wonder I." After a while, the figure of the red-clothed figure became illusory, and an indescribable wave slowly spread.

"Seventh Floor Spirit Palace?"

"Filled the three layers?" Watching the red-clothed figure act like this and the soul force noticed that the three-level spiritual palace in the red-clothed woman's body was shaking violently, such a peeing soul force, if it was successfully condensed by it. , I am afraid that with today's Xiao Yan, there is only one way to go.

With this red-clothed figure's action, the countless gray-white tombstones in the entire ghost cemetery suddenly let out bursts of lament, as if they were triggered by the ghost queen's attack.

"Oh...forget it." Just when Xiao Yan was in a hurry, the voice of the Soul Eater came out of Xiao Yan's body.

"This is..." Originally planned to use a fatal blow to obliterate Xiao Yan here, but when this old voice appeared, the face under the veil of the red-clothed figure couldn't help but become strange and lost his voice.

"Lingchi... I haven't seen you for a long time, you are still so terrifying." After a while, a black energy suddenly filled out Xiao Yan's body.

The black qi just emerged, and the terrifying power of devouring suddenly filled the void of the ghost cemetery, and suddenly turned into a middle-aged man with a burly body and an old voice, but behind this seemingly ordinary body, it seemed It hides a terrifying power that destroys the world.

"Master of Soul Eater?"

"Lord... how did you do that?" Looking at the illusory figure in front of him, the offensive in the hands of Qianying in red shattered directly and lost his voice.