Chapter 216: Turn defeat into victory!

"Damn boy!" Xu Ni also shouted angrily, and while busy dealing with the terrifying flames in his body, he had to use his strength to deal with Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan's huge soul power has long known that Xu Ni is arrogant and arrogant, and it is also calculated that when the strange fire enters the body, it will have a certain impact on Xu Ni, but he did not expect that Xiao Yan still underestimated these twenty-three strange fires. the power of!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, Xiao Yan didn't have time to be overjoyed, the Heng Huo Ancient Ruler in his hand attacked Xu Ni with even greater flame power!

Although the previous attack had achieved some remarkable results, Xiao Yan did not dare to underestimate the enemy. After all, this Xu Ni had the strength of the late four-star Dou Emperor. Although he had now broken through to the early four-star Dou Emperor, he could not take it lightly.

What's more, this Xu Ni is only the eleventh-ranked powerhouse, and there are nine powerhouses ahead of him, so it is undoubtedly the most stupid to reveal too much power at this time, so Xiao Yan is also preparing to surprise him. Move to win, after all, you can hide your strength in the final decisive battle to be unexpected.

Above the huge Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler, colorful flames formed a huge fire dragon around the Yihuo Heng ancient ruler, and roared away at Xu Ni with its ferocious mouth open!

"Shuanglong takes water!" Xu Ni also shouted loudly, and then the huge fighting energy gathered on the two giant axes, facing Xiao Yan's attack head-on!

"Double Dragons Take Water" is a trick that gathers the power in the body on the giant axe to form two forces with completely different properties, and then uses the two explosive forces with completely different properties to suppress the opponent!

"Boom boom boom!"

Xiao Yan's Eternal Fire Eternal Fire Dragon's ferocious giant mouth and Xu Ni's round giant axe collided fiercely, sending out a terrifying flame storm!

The next moment, the attack was over, and the two of them flew out behind them in unison.

The most embarrassing thing is to count Xu Ni. Although he is a powerhouse in the late stage of the four-star Dou Di, but when Nai He first fought, the flames of twenty-three colors passed from Xiao Yan's Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler. It caused a lot of obstruction to his body, so that Xu Ni did not dare to go all out to deal with Xiao Yan. After all, the power of these twenty-three colors should not be underestimated. Too……

Xu Ni took dozens of steps back to stabilize his body, and then the double giant axe was directly inserted into the ground. At this time, his breath soared, obviously preparing to launch a powerful attack!

On the other side, Xiao Yan also took a few steps back to stabilize his figure, and the palm of his hand holding the Eternal Fire Heng Ancient Ruler couldn't help but feel a slight tremor, which was obviously the aftermath of the fight with Xu Ni just now.

"This Xu Ni really deserves to be a powerhouse in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Di. Even if he is penetrated by my strange fire, he can still use such terrifying power to fight back." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself, then stared at Xu Ni. On his body, watching the twenty-three-color flames gradually condense together, a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth: "It's almost..."

After speaking, the aura all over his body soared, and he was raised to the level of the early stage of the four-star Dou Emperor!

The Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler in his hand is also surrounded by milky white flames, obviously a terrifying offensive is brewing.

"What is Xiao Yan laughing at?"

Xu Ni was also extremely puzzled, and then he didn't care why Xiao Yan laughed, and gradually compressed the flames that were running around in his body to one place, trying to catch them all in one go!

At this time, Xu Ni's body was extremely spectacular. Flames of various colors continued to emerge from his arms, chest, and thighs. If you counted them carefully, you would find that there were as many as twenty-three colors.

Xu Ni also intends to condense and compress all these flames into one place and then wipe out the others. After all, these flames are violent by nature, and there is no room for sand in their eyes. Compressed in the same place, the resistance between the flames is also easy for Xu Ni to wipe out!

"Huhu!" Many beads of sweat appeared on Xu Ni's forehead. Obviously, it was extremely difficult and laborious to compress these flames to one place, but fortunately they succeeded.

At this time, Xu Ni's body has returned to normal skin color, only the thighs have some gorgeous colors.

"The next step is to catch all the flames. The power of these flames is not bad, but it's a pity that they met me..." Xu Ni murmured, and when he was about to use his strength to destroy the flames in his body, Xiao Yan moved!

At the moment when Xu Ni was performing the exercises, Xiao Yan was not idle either. He first closed his eyes and rested his mind, mobilizing his arrogance to gather on the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and then the next moment, he suddenly opened his eyes and faced the place where Xu Ni was. Location omitted!

The Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler in his hand not only had a dazzling light at this time, but also had an extremely huge aura of destruction!

"The first level of the seven-level breaking sky ruler!"

"Silence!"

The sound of coercion came, and then a hundred-zhang-sized flame energy slashed down towards Xu Ni viciously!

"Lieshan!"

Seeing this, Xu Ni also knew that this was Xiao Yan's plan. After all, this was the Infernal Corpse Forest in the trials, and countless people were jealous of the points in their hands. The longer the battle, the less safe it would be.

However, although Xiao Yan's attack was extremely tyrannical, it was a bit of a fuss for Xu Ni in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Di. After all, Xu Ni also found that Xiao Yan's body was gradually weakening, and the only one who won this battle was himself. !

I saw Xu Ni separate a force to compress the twenty-three kinds of flames in his body, and then suddenly picked up the giant axe inserted into the ground with both hands Put his hands together, and immediately the two giant axe merged into one, one The energy shadow of a huge axe with a size of a hundred meters also met Xiao Yan's attack viciously!

"Boom boom boom!"

The clash of two terrifying forces in the sky immediately attracted the attention of countless low-level monsters and ghosts in the surrounding mountains and forests, and then they also flew away as if fleeing for their lives, because the place where the two attacked, a giant tornado of thousands of meters was also slowly forming!

And that Xiao Yan and Xu Ni were also in a stalemate one by one in the giant tornado.

"Damn boy, today will be your memorial day next year!"

"Go to hell!" Xu Ni also said with a grim smile, and then an even larger force came from within the body, and then passed through the giant axe in his hand and attacked Xiao Yan!

At this time, Xiao Yan spent nearly one-half of his vindictive energy because of the seventh-layer breaking sky ruler just now, so when he saw that Xu Ni thought he had such terrifying power, he couldn't help but frown slightly.

Just as Xu Ni's attack was about to touch Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan laughed loudly and said, "It's almost time."

"The lotus of annihilation, if it doesn't explode at this time, when will it be!"

As Xiao Yan's laughter fell, a terrifying energy exploded instantly at the place where the twenty-three kinds of flames that were compressed to the naked eye were compressed by Xu Ni's thigh!

Xu Ni, who had won the lottery in his hand, felt a slight chill down his spine when he heard the words, and a smell of death permeated his heart!

Ask for tickets!