Chapter Vol 4 1016: 2 guards

"Big brother, what are we going to do now?" In the battlefield of Shengyan, the three-day Zhong Tianhong of the Xuanling royal family asked.

"Go directly to the Holy Flame Palace."

"In this holy flame battlefield, we are familiar with the specific routes, but with such a complex terrain, if other experts who don't know the route will miss a lot of time." Datian Zhongtian's gray clothes floated slightly, Then he looked into the depths and said.

"In this way, the land of holy flames belongs to us." Tianhong smiled slightly when he heard the words.

"Among those guys in the Burning Incense Pavilion, I seem to smell the breath of Yan Chi." After a while, Tian Hong suddenly made a sound.

"It's actually a game of chess."

"There is something Yanchi needs in the sect competition, so he has to come."

"However, he underestimated the skills of the king and the blood demons. This time, from the time he decided to enter, his end was doomed." When Tiangan heard Yan Chi, his voice was endured. There was a tinge of laughter.

"What happened to him, Yanchi?" Tianhong and several other disciples of the Xuanling royal family could be regarded as the core disciples of the Xuanling royal family, but they didn't know the specific truth of the matter, so they couldn't help asking.

"You will know sooner or later."

"Let's go to the Holy Flame Palace to wait for them first."

"With Yanchi leading the team, I'm afraid they will meet us first."

"When the time comes, I will make them feel real fear." Tian Gan smiled.

"By the way, eldest brother, this time in the sect competition, my king asked us to take back Yin Tong's body." Tian Hong said as if he had remembered something.

"Hahaha."

"Yintong's body has a better use." And with Tianhong's exit, Tiangan burst into laughter.

"Xiao Yan, you are as good as Yin Tong back then, but your stupidest decision was to fight against our Xuanling Emperor."

"I hope you won't be surprised when you see Yin Tong!" The corner of Tian Gan's mouth showed a hint of evil, and then the voice just fell, and he flew away directly into the depths of the battlefield.

When the other disciples of the Xuanling Royal Family saw this, they shook their heads in confusion and followed.

"This holy flame battlefield is really terrifying." Under the leadership of Yan Chi, Xiao Yan and his party slowly moved towards the deepest part. Although they avoided a lot of danger along the way, it also opened everyone's eyes. This holy flame The battlefield is indeed full of crises.

"Be vigilant, we are almost at the Holy Flame Palace." After a while, when the surrounding aura became extremely weak, Yan Chi spoke.

And as Yan Chi opened his mouth, not far from the barren land, a huge palace stood alive and hungry.

The huge palace was covered with a layer of cyan light, looming, and if it wasn't for Yan Chi's opening, I'm afraid everyone would easily ignore it.

"There...is it the Holy Flame..." And when Xiao Yan looked at the huge palace, there was an extremely hot aura from the Fire Heart Tianyan in his body, as if he had no idea what was in the huge palace. Extremely apprehensive!

"Be careful."

"I didn't notice other auras along the way. It seems that the evil aura should be in the Holy Flame Palace together with Holy Flame." Yan Chi Zaidu said.

"I remember that the first senior brother Yintong had a decisive battle with the Xuanling royal family in the Holy Flame Hall, and finally the news of his fall came out, but the Xuanling royal family came out intact. This is too much. It doesn't conform to common sense..." Looking at the huge palace, Mu Tianyuan, the elder brother of Tiandian, shook his head slowly.

"In this palace, I'm afraid it's not easy." Xiao Yi also spoke softly.

"Let's go." Seeing that several people around were vigilant, Yan Chi's figure swept away, and then walked directly towards the huge palace.

And just as Yan Chi and his group were moving, the space behind them was also wriggling slightly, and an evil aura emerged, looking at them, it was obviously those guys from the Xuanling Royal Family.

"Pfft puff!" Xiao Yan and his group had just set foot within a few hundred meters of the huge palace, and suddenly, on the land, pieces of vibrant scenery slowly appeared.

"What a mysterious palace."

"There is too much vitality around this palace, and a few hundred meters away from the palace, there is no vitality at all. What the **** is going on..." Xiao Yan's eyes were extremely sharp, looking at the lush forest around the palace, he couldn't bear it. Live said.

"These mysteries are probably in the Holy Flame Palace."

"Let's go."

"The end of this forest path is the entrance to the Holy Flame Palace." Yan Chi's voice was full of deepness.

"Wow!" The group walked cautiously and vigilantly on the forest path, but fortunately nothing strange happened. After a while, they came to the end of the forest.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What a magnificent palace." Xiao Yi couldn't help but said.

At this time, they passed the forest path, and in front of them stood a huge blue palace gate.

"This giant gate, I'm afraid that just using brute force can't open it." Xiao Yan used his soul power to investigate the three, and found that as soon as his soul power touched the giant gate, it would disappear without a trace.

"At the beginning, I just came to this giant gate and left, so I don't know what the mechanism is in this Holy Flame Palace." At this time, Yan Chi shook his head and said.

"Look, there seem to be two guys at the entrance of this giant azure gate?" And just when everyone was thinking about how to open the Holy Flame Palace, Mu Yingying's light voice sounded slowly We naturally I know that there are two things like guards here, but the most urgent task now is to open the giant gate..."

"Wait... the guard?" Xiao Yi just wanted to refute Mu Yingying's words, but she hesitated when she saw Mu Yingying staring at the two guards at the gate of the giant blue gate.

"This guard has another mystery!" And Xiao Yan also has sharp eyes. When Mu Yingying pointed like this, he immediately knew the truth of the matter.

"You guys stand back, I'll take a look." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the power of holy flame immediately emerged, and then he walked towards the two guards at the gate of the giant blue gate.

The two guards were about the same height as Xiao Yan, but with the blue sculptures all over their bodies, everyone knew that it was a statue.

"Eyes?" Xiao Yan observed at such a close distance, coupled with the huge soul power, it was naturally very simple to find that the eyes of the two guards were different.

"Try it." Xiao Yan was not a hesitant either, he raised his palm and stabbed at the stone pupils of the two guards at the same time.

"not good!"

"Don't move its eyes!" The next moment, a dazzling fiery red flame suddenly emerged from within Yan Chi's body, and then shouted directly to Xiao Yan as if he knew something.

When Yan Chi's voice just fell, Xiao Yan's fingers also slowly touched the stone pupils of the two guards, and then the two voices burst out with shocking and chilling intent.

"The temple breaker...die!"

Please remember the first domain name of this book: .. m.