Chapter Vol 4 1224: sinister soul

"Sisi!" The yellow pupils in the second eye were quite strange, and in just an instant, he felt Xiao Yan's figure attacking him with majestic fighting intent.

These three-eyed ghost pupils are extremely strange. In the second eye, a strange voice slowly disturbed everyone at first. After feeling that Xiao Yan was not easy to deal with, it actually slowly released a yellow halo!

At this time, the entire space was rendered by the milky white halo on Liu Qing's body, so letting the second eye release the yellow light would not cover the milky white light.

"No, this yellow light is weird!" And Xiao Yan just got close to the second eye, five meters away, but suddenly raised his head, of course he found something.

The pupil of the first eye was now exuding red bloodshots, obviously the breath was dying, but the yellow pupil of the second eye was filled with an extremely violent breath, and even a trace of human greed, wanting to put it away. Xiao Yan's soul power was swallowed up!

"Where to run!" The yellow light directly did not give Xiao Yan any chance, just like a human voice, it directly wrapped Xiao Yan in Tuan Tuan.

"This..." Just after being enveloped by the yellow light, Xiao Yan suddenly felt that an inexplicable and tyrannical force was swallowing up his own fighting qi and even his soul power with a special kind of power!

"This bastard!" At the next moment, Xiao Yan couldn't sit still. The battle just now consumed a lot of vindictive energy and soul power. If he was so absorbed by the second eye at this time, I am afraid that he would not be far from the real death. .

"Fire Heart Tianyan!"

"Ghost face and soul flame!"

"Come out for me!" Xiao Yan had no worries after being completely covered by the yellow light. With a loud shout, Xiao Yan, who was enveloped in the yellow light, actually had a bluish-yellow flame appearing in his body.

"Don't you like to swallow?"

"I'm going to see today, who is swallowing who!" As soon as Xiao Yan finished speaking, the bright blue-yellow flame suddenly burst out with divine power that purifies everything.

But the yellow light that was going to swallow Xiao Yan saw this bluish-yellow flame, but it was as if it had encountered a natural enemy, it shrank suddenly, and fled back to the second yellow pupil.

"Take advantage of it now!" As soon as the yellow light dissipated, Xiao Yan's figure returned to everyone's sight, and then Xiao Yan shouted at Liu Qing behind him.

"Light-purification!" Liu Qing's voice was majestic and elegant, like a believer of light, reading light to rule the darkness.

As soon as the voice fell, all the milky white light on Liu Qing's body slowly condensed on his jade hand, and a milky white seed engraved with countless sacred fluctuations slowly reflected in front of everyone.

"This... such a tyrannical fluctuation."

"However, if it is compared with the fusion of my three holy flames, I'm afraid it is still a little worse." Xiao Yan finished speaking, and slowly placed his hands on his chest, feeling the powerful heartbeat.

However, what made Xiao Yan a little strange was that when he looked at the milky white seeds, the only trace of restlessness in his heart was quieted down, and there were even bursts of Sanskrit sounds echoing in his ears.

"Go."

"Purify the evil wishes of this world." Since the appearance of the milky white seed, Liu Qing's strength as powerful as a three-star fighting fairy has dropped to the early stage of a one-star fighting fairy. At this time, she slowly dragged the milky white seed with both hands.

"Crash!" The milky white seeds seem to be quite human, they don't need Liu Qing's actions at all, they slowly get away from Liu Qing's hands, and then a rather beautiful arc emerges in the boundless void, directly facing the second The yellow-eyed pupils drifted away gently. The journey was quite quiet, without any violent energy. If Xiao Yan hadn't understood that the milky white seeds were condensed by Liu Qing's full-strength blow, he might have been deceived by him.

"Weng Om!" The milky white seed just burst into the second eye's yellow pupil, and suddenly the yellow pupil vibrated violently, as if encountering an extremely terrifying fluctuation.

Even the triangle where the blood-red pupils in the first eye and the yellow pupils in the second eye are opposite turned out to be faintly raised, as if there was something more terrifying.

That place is the third eye!

"No, I can't let this guy draw the third eye!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but burst into a drink, his speed instantly surpassed the milky white seed, and then a more powerful soul attack directly hit the third one. In the void!

If the third eye is drawn out by the three-eyed ghost pupil, I am afraid that everyone here will die!

"Weng Om Om!" And being hit by Xiao Yan like this, the void of the third purpose actually slowly disappeared.

"Gugugu!" A strange voice emerged directly from the yellow pupil of the second eye, accompanied by a trace of yellow liquid.

The yellow liquid just appeared, and suddenly this boundless area was filled with an extremely extreme fluctuation, as if it could easily obliterate everyone present!

"It's over." Liu Qing raised his beautiful head and slowly watched the milky white seed hit the second objective's yellow liquid.

"Boom boom boom!" The dazzling milky white light directly turned into violent energy fluctuations, and then turned into circles of deadly ripples, killing the yellow liquid, and even a trace of extremely terrifying battle Yu Bo keep emitting.

"It's so strong!" Jade Yifeng and Thunder Snake below, their fighting spirit suddenly spread out from their bodies, directly protecting Liu Qing. The two of them looked at the second eye in the air and the explosion of the milky white seeds.

"This girl is really strong." When Xiao Yan saw this, he also saw that the yellow pupil of the second eye, which was still invincible, suddenly weakened, and even the void where the third eye was located became even more illusory.

"Crash!" When the milky white seed just came into contact with the liquid outside the yellow pupil of the second eye, it suddenly exploded, and streams of milky white light directly protected the yellow liquid of the second eye at a speed visible to the naked eye. Immediately submerged, and then attacked the second main body!

Without the protection of the mysterious power of the yellow liquid, the incomparably tyrannical Second Eye actually retreated under the attack of the milky white beam.

"I always have a bad premonition, let's go now!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, then went straight to control the comatose people with Dou Qi, and hurriedly left the space here.

"Hahaha!"

"The Eagle Eye Squad really has something." Just as Xiao Yan and the others were about to retreat, the sound of palms slapping slowly sounded.

Everyone looked up and saw that at the top of the boundless, there was a man in black slowly walking out.

"This guy!" Seeing this, Yu Yifeng and Razer immediately became vigilant. Obviously, this guy gave them very tyrannical pressure.

"Let's go!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank suddenly. I don't know why The pressure that the man in black put on him was somewhat similar to the aura on Sanmu Guitong. A terrifying fear permeates the air.

Then without hesitation, he suddenly took the unconscious few people and retreated directly to the ninth floor.

"Susu..."

"Since you have accepted my request, in order to avoid future troubles, you should die!"

"Next, I'll give you a big gift!" When the man in black finished speaking, his face hidden under the black clothes burst into laughter.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Damn, the passage here is blocked by him!"

"Can it be broken?"

"Three minutes!" The voices of Xiao Yan and Yu Yifeng slowly filled the air.

"I'm afraid... He won't give me this strength." And Liu Qing looked at the man in black with a weak body.

But what I saw was that the man in black took out an unknown object from his arms, and then his figure flashed, and he came directly to the second eye with the faint breath left in the third-eyed ghost pupil, under the gloomy eyes of Xiao Yan and the others. down, crushed directly.

And as the man in black crushed something, the mourning of the wandering ghosts slowly sounded in the whole boundless, and the next moment was directly strung into one eye and two eyes, and then the power of the two eyes slowed down. Slowly recovering!

Even in the center triangle of the opposite of the two eyes, a strange gray pupil, looming and looming!

Even if it was looming, the gray pupils gave everyone a taste of death.