Chapter Vol 4 1264: Destroy the Dry Leaf Zhai!

"Father..." Seeing Yuwei taking Xiao Yan down to rest, after Yanya also went down, the rest were the elites in the sect, Yu Ran opened her mouth slightly.

"This Xiao Yan is probably a young master from some tyrannical family who came out to experience..."

"Remember, even if you can't be good to Qin and Jin, you must not be evil!"

"After all, even the three-star fighting immortals have fallen into his hands..." Yu Tianyue said.

"What?" Hearing this, Yu Ran Ran felt an extremely strong shock in her heart!

She is clearly disregarding the strength of a three-star fighting immortal. Even with such a proud personality, she would not dare to challenge a three-star fighting immortal. However, listening to her father's words, this Xiao Yan actually wiped out a three-star fighting immortal. ?

"Ah... It's really old."

"Heroes have been young since ancient times." The Great Elder Rain said with a smile, and his voice was full of joy. No matter what, Ye Ku was seriously injured in the restoration of the formation space this time. In addition, the forces behind Ku Yezhai were defeated by Xiao Yan. Solved, this Kuye Zhai may be removed from Yecheng.

"Elder, summon all the strong people in the sect to wash the Dead Leaves House with blood at noon tonight." The next moment, a gloomy killing intent emerged directly from Yu Tianyue's body!

As the head of a sect, Yu Tianyue is naturally not a mother-in-law, and decisiveness is his basic skill.

"Yes!" The first elder smiled slowly when he heard the words. Obviously, from now on, there will be no dry leaves in Yecheng, there will be only one rain sect.

"Ran Ran, why don't you join me too?"

"After all, Yuwei is not as good as you, and it would be good for you to let you participate in this kind of battle earlier." The next moment, Yu Tianyue turned his head to Yu Ran Ran and said, and went straight to rest to recover his fighting spirit.

"Yes!" Hearing this, Yu Ran Ran nodded slightly, obviously not knowing what happened to his father, but in the past, his father had never allowed himself to be involved in the sect, but now he has allowed himself to be involved, but in general, this is good.

Xiao Yan was escorted by Yuwei to rest. Along the way, she found out that Yuwei seemed to have some other factors towards her, and was immediately speechless...

It seems that things like heroes saving beauty are really useful.

However, Xiao Yan did not dare to be presumptuous. Although Xun'er and Cailin were not around, Mu Yingying was here!

Since Mu Yingying was sacrificed and turned into Xiao Yan's heart, once Xiao Yan and other women got too close or acted intimately, an extremely violent colic would break out. It seemed that Mu Yingying was jealous. , also seems to be reminding Xiao Yan.

The two were speechless and separated in an instant, and then Xiao Yan didn't care about anything else, he just closed his eyes and meditated. The battle with the Yin Protector was very rewarding for Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan could gain a good understanding.

As for the matter of Kuye Zhai, then Xiao Yan doesn't need to worry about it. After all, the Yin Protector was killed and Ye Ku was seriously injured. At this time, Kuye Zhai was undoubtedly unable to protect himself.

Yecheng can also be regarded as a city with a large area. The entire city is almost dozens of miles in size, and Kuye Zhai is at the head of the city.

Night came quietly, in the conference hall of Kuyezhai headquarters.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Zhai Master, how are you?" A senior executive of Kuye Zhai was the first to break the peace.

"This time, we lost." Ye Ku's eyes flashed for a while, and then he slowly looked into the distance.

This time, the plan was under control, but Xiao Yan appeared out of nowhere and planned his entire plan thoroughly. It is abominable and rude to say that the current situation of their Kuye Zhai is all the fault of that kid Xiao Yan.

"Master Zhai, I'm afraid there is only a back-to-back fight now." The elder Ye Shuang raised his eyebrows, and a tyrannical breath permeated. Obviously, they are not retreating people, but these words are obviously said to other strong people. Ye Shuang, Ye Yunqing and Ye Ku's eyes kept changing, as if they were communicating something through a specific code.

"No."

"Now the master of Zhai is seriously injured, and Yuzong still has the strong man Yanya. If we fight recklessly, I am afraid that our Kuyezhai will not be able to match."

"It's imminent now, I'm afraid there is only peace." Another old man spoke slowly, his voice full of helplessness.

This person is impressively the second elder of Kuye Zhai, a powerhouse in the middle stage of Three Star Fighting Immortals.

"We Kuyezhai have been fighting with them for hundreds of years, and I'm afraid they won't give us this chance." After Ye Ku finished speaking, on the sky of Kuyezhai, which had been shrouded in the night, a tyrannical aura suddenly appeared. spread out.

"Ugh…"

"You can't escape the ones who should come." Ye Yunqing also shook his head and said, obviously from the moment the Guardian of the Shadows fell, they knew the ending.

"Old Ye Ku, come out and die." A loud shout radiated directly from the dark void.

"When you do it, you must leave the bloodline for the family, and take revenge in the future!" Ye Ku suddenly stood up, and then said, but the direction of his rise was the opposite of the many powerhouses in Kuye Zhai!

"Okay." Seeing this, many high-level executives nodded, then swept their silhouettes and came directly to the void, facing the many powerhouses of the Rain Sect!

Among the rain sects, there are five three-star fighting immortals alone, but Kuyezhai has only four, including Ye Ku who was seriously injured, so there is no suspense in this battle.

"Sect Master Yu, what are you doing in the middle of the night?" Second Elder Kuyezhai said directly.

"I'm afraid I have to ask your masters about this matter." Yu Tianyue didn't seem to be in a hurry and smiled slowly.

"Where's Master Zhai?" The next moment, the two elders looked strange!

Because of the Master Zhai, the Great Elder Ye Shuang, and Ye Yunqing, their figures all disappeared!

"Those who surrender, don't die..."

"Rebels, kill!" Yu Tianyue's violent aura, like a soul beast, reverberated directly in the void.

As soon as he finished speaking, Yu Tianyue, with Yu Tianyue and several guards, chased Ye Ku who was running away.

Obviously, although Yuzong has not done anything in these years, the secret passages and escape routes inside Kuye Zhai have been clearly investigated.

"Father, where are we going?" Ye Sheng naturally didn't understand why his father was so flustered, but his breath was extremely weak, as if he was seriously injured!

"Hehe, Yuzong old man, you can't think that my Kuye Zhai has countless secret ways..."

"After I escape this time, one day, I will make a comeback, and then... I will make you kneel in front of me!" Ye Ku's face was gloomy, and he ran with Ye Sheng directly in the dark passage. Get moving.

Ye Ku, Ye Shuang, and Ye Yunqing ran separately. They were the main fighting faction of Kuye Zhai. As for the other powerhouses, although there were some contradictions with Yuzong, they advocated for peace.

"Pfft." With a sound, the two of them directly opened the entrance of the secret passage, and then ran towards the outside.

In Dry Leaf Zhai, they secretly dug out a lot of secret passages. Many dirty transactions were carried out in the secret passages, and the secret passages were connected to places outside Yecheng.

"Sheng'er, let's go." The secret passage was spiraling, Ye Ku first sent Ye Sheng up, but after watching Ye Sheng go out, he remained motionless and couldn't help speaking.

"Master Ye Zhai, stay safe." The next moment, Ye Ku's figure burst out, strung out of the secret passage, but a familiar voice entered his ears.

"Yu Tianyue!" Ye Ku gave a vicious glance, but found that Ye Shuang and Ye Yunqing were all arrested in front of them.

"I never imagined that Ye Ku's Ying Ming I would be carried in your hands..." Ye Ku laughed, his fighting qi expanding rapidly in his body.

"Blow yourself up... You don't have this chance."

"Let's give the people of Yecheng an explanation." Yu Tianyue slapped it with a palm, and Ye Ku immediately spit out a mouthful of blood, and there was no other movement.

"Take it away!" Yu Tianyue laughed.

Until this time, this Dry Leaves Zhai was completely over.

. m.