Chapter 128: Confrontation!

"Want to leave? Leave the person behind!" Seeing the woman in green swept away toward the edge of the energy barrier, Xiao Yan's face sank, three thousand thunderbolts shot out, and her figure burst out.

Because Xiao Yan also knew that as long as they were still in the energy barrier, they would still be able to sense the aura of the cyan figure, but once the cyan woman stepped out of the energy barrier, if Xiao Yan was looking for it, it would be like looking for a needle in a haystack.

"Hehe, your opponent is me." Seeing Xiao Yan who wanted to fly past him, the three-winged unicorn smiled, its three wings vibrated in unison, and its huge body instantly appeared in Xiao Yan's flight. On the way, the tail of the beast slammed violently, and the terrifying power contained on it turned out to make the space feel a little twisted and broken.

Aware of the horror of the power of the animal's tail, Xiao Yan's expression changed slightly, he did not dare to take it hard, his body quickly twisted, and he dodged it away, but although he avoided the attack, the purpose of his pursuit was blocked. down.

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan cursed in a low voice, but he had to give up tracking the cyan woman, and his body was dodging the three-winged unicorn's successive attacks.

The wind howled, and terrifying flames were projected into it. In an instant, a white tornado covered with terrifying high temperature appeared out of thin air in the sky.

With his own strength, he built such a fierce flame storm, even with Xiao Yan's strength, a little cold sweat could not help but appear on his forehead.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Get away from me!"

With a low voice, looking at the three-winged unicorn that quickly retreated to the side, Xiao Yan waved his sleeve robe, and the huge flame storm, with a sharp wind breaking sound, whistled towards the three-winged unicorn. The horned beast swept away.

"Hey, hey, the momentum is not bad, but I am a four-star fighting emperor, how can you fight me with your three-star strength? Haha!" Looking at the storm of flames, the three-winged unicorn laughed loudly, and his back His pure white wings swayed gently, and black flames suddenly burst out from his body, and then continuously sent out.

Finally, above its head, it condensed into a black tornado of the same size!

After doing all this, the tail of the three-winged unicorn slammed violently, and the huge storm that was completely condensed by the strange black flames shot out violently, mixed with an almost terrifying energy, ruthlessly. hit the white flame storm.

The white storm and the black storm collided fiercely, and terrifying energy fluctuations were slowly brewing.

At the moment when the two collided, the place where the two touched the ground seemed to be split open by the shock of tiny black cracks.

"Bang!"

The two terrifying energies, one white and one black, were deadlocked with each other for a while, and they exploded above the sky. The violent explosion of energy could still be faintly heard even at a distance of a kilometer.

At the moment when the two white and black flames exploded, a circle of energy ripples spread from the place where they exploded, causing Xiao Yan and the three-winged unicorn to retreat rapidly at the same time.

"Haha, the human boy is really interesting, no wonder he was able to stop that woman for so long, so he has some self-confidence..." Looking at Xiao Yan, whose face was covered in cold sweat, the three-winged unicorn laughed loudly.

"The flame divides the wave ruler!"

The three-winged unicorn's laughter has not yet completely fallen, but the huge beast's pupil shrank suddenly, and the white scales all over its body suddenly contracted strangely.

Before the three-winged unicorn could make a move, Xiao Yan's shout had just fallen, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand was also raised slowly, slashing viciously towards the giant beast in front of him!

The milky white flame above the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler carried the sky-high light and roared away!

The three-winged unicorn also seemed to know Xiao Yan's method, and then the three pairs of wings on the back quickly waved, and the seemingly terrifying flame was dissolved out of thin air.

The three-winged unicorn was impressively waving its wings on its back to control the airflow, causing Xiao Yan's terrifying flames to move away slightly, thus deflecting Xiao Yan's attack!

Although Xiao Yan's attack was deflected subtly, pieces of pale white feathers fell off from the wings on its back, and then quickly wrapped the huge body of the three-winged unicorn in it.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't care about the three-seven-two-one, and the three thousand thunderbolts were exerted to the extreme. At the waist of the huge body of the three-winged unicorn, Xiao Yan's figure suddenly flashed out, the fist covered with milky white flames, suddenly hold tight.

On top of the sturdy fist, there was not only a terrifying high temperature, but also a vicious wind energy mixed with it, like a thunderbolt, it smashed down fiercely. At this moment, the arm under Xiao Yan's wide black sleeve robe , seems to have become as tough as steel.

"Bang!"

The fist slammed heavily on the body of the three-winged unicorn, but Xiao Yan's face became extremely ugly, because in his perception.

The body of the three-winged unicorn, because it was wrapped by the feather, suddenly became like a soft cotton jacket, and the fist smashed it, but in the end it actually stuck to the feather on the surface of its body and bounced out.

However, although most of the attacks were unsuccessful, there was still a small part of it that hit the body of the three-winged unicorn. It was the small part of the feather that let the punch fall, curled up.

"Hey, your flame is a bit strange, but it's just missing something, otherwise it will be a match for the legendary holy flame." Looking at Xiao Yan with interest.

He was immediately attacked by Xiao Yan's fist containing terrifying flames. The slightest pain from his body caused the huge body with three wings and one horn to shrunk violently. It smashed on Xiao Yan's back, and suddenly, it was smashed like a ball and flew out.

"Pfft..." The huge force on his back caused Xiao Yan to spit out a small mouthful of blood, and hurriedly turned his body into flames before he stabilized his staggering figure.

"Damn, this monster is so difficult to deal with..." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

Moreover, the three-winged unicorn obviously did not intend to take action against Xiao Yan, and was always on the defensive, as if everything it did was just to delay time. During the time it delayed, the cyan woman also brought Qing Yuan early Disappeared in the energy barrier.

Looking at the huge monster like a tree in the sky in front of him, Xiao Yan had to stand up solemnly.

The milky white flame is useless against it, and the flame-splitting wave ruler is also useless. It is estimated that even the more powerful seventh-layer sky-breaking ruler can achieve very little effect...

Seeing the milky white flames beating constantly on his body, and there seemed to be many colors in the milky-white flames, Xiao Yan had a bold idea in his heart!

????