Chapter 440: gather!

The scorching sun hangs high in the sky, and countless lime sands are paved on the ground. There are hot fluctuations everywhere. Obviously, it is difficult for ordinary people to miss such a temperature.

This is the most western part of Xuantian San, a place known as the lonely desert of death!

On the edge of a mountain range around the Lonely Desert of Death, there are several houses here. The houses are hidden in the bamboo forest, and few people will find them.

Several figures are rushing towards here, headed by a man with a heavy weight on his back.

"It should be right here...but why is there no one?" Xiao Yan came here, and then looked around.

"Little brother Xiao Yan." Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, a familiar voice sounded, and then a lean man appeared in Xiao Yan's line of sight.

It was the stall owner who had an agreement with Xiao Yan before!

"It really makes us look good." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

Xiao Yan and his party of three, since they escorted Lu Ding Sanhuatong to the Snake People with Ludi Mufeng and the two separated, Xiao Yan felt a signal of gathering according to the power that the coyote left on him, and he Went here.

The coyote was not too surprised when he saw Xiao Yan and the three of them. After all, although he only asked Xiao Yan to go to the desert for them to solve something similar to soul power, he did not say that they could not bring followers.

The coyote felt a little bit, and found that Xiao Yan was surrounded by a man and a woman, and it was really not easy!

The man is Xiao Yi, but at this time, Xiao Yi's strength is under his own deliberate suppression, and only shows the strength of the five-star Dou Emperor Consummation, but this is also amazing, you must know that Xiao Yan is only a four-star Dou Emperor Consummation. The strength, actually able to invite the five-star Dou Emperor to complete the powerhouse, plus the identity of this refining pharmacist is enough to make the coyote look at it differently.

As for Mu Yingying, she was naturally still in the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor.

The coyote couldn't help being a little surprised. Although this Xiao Yan was only a four-star Dou Emperor, he could actually let two five-star Dou Emperor experts accompany him. This pharmacist's appeal was indeed extraordinary.

"The regiment leader and the others are already ready. When we arrive, we can go!" The coyote grinned.

"Then let's go." Xiao Yan didn't talk nonsense, after all, he and them were considered a cooperative relationship.

"Hey, if you leave, don't worry, we still have to wait for two people." The coyote said slightly.

"There are still two people waiting?" Xiao Yan frowned instantly when he heard the words.

"Hey, little brother, our blood blade mercenary group has no other meaning, these two just have some relationship with our blood blade mercenary group, so I'll take it with you, but I can guarantee that this time I will go to the desert of the Lonely Desert of Death. It’s all up to the little brother.” Xiao Yan hurriedly said when the coyote’s eyesight was just frowning, after all, this alchemist with the soul power of the emperor level, who is not greedy for life and fear of death, it’s not easy. This Xiao Yan dared to come, and they naturally did not dare to offend. After all, the alchemist was a hornet's nest, and it was easy to stab it!

"Then wait."

"But who are these two?" Xiao Yan heard the words.

"Hehe, these two are said to be friends of the regiment leader, I don't know the specifics." After the coyote finished speaking, he glanced at Xiao Yan and the others, and then quickly turned around.

"A friend of the leader..."

"It is said that the head of this Bloodblade Mercenary Group is an eight-star Dou Emperor level powerhouse, and the group also has a seven-star Dou Emperor Perfection level powerhouse, and the other six-star Dou Emperor also have two. As for the number of five-star fighting emperors, there are quite a few, such a terrifying lineup is comparable to some small families." Xiao Yan whispered in his heart.

Before coming, Zhu Lao not only gave him the Dou Di Pill, but also instructed him a few things, so Xiao Yan also knew a little about this blood blade mercenary group.

"This person's strength seems to be good." Xiao Yi on the side whispered. Since he just came here, he has found that although this coyote is extremely thin, his strength is extremely good, obviously reaching the level of six-star Dou Emperor consummation!

The six-star Dou Emperor perfection level is only one step away from the seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouse.

"I don't know why so many powerhouses will be dispatched in this desert area..." Xiao Yan quickly calculated that he had dispatched so many people. Based on Xiao Yan's experience, he naturally knew that the The things are certainly not ordinary things.

"Come on." The surrounding space fluctuated slightly, and then instantly turned into an invisible wave of fighting spirit, and the two figures instantly appeared not far away.

"This is..." When Xiao Yan first appeared, his soul power locked them, but what surprised Xiao Yan was that these two were friends of the head of the Blood Blade Mercenary Group. , This is simply Xuanshan, the prince of the Xuanling royal family!

The other one was a little older, although Xiao Yan felt that his strength was mediocre, but an invisible pressure let Xiao Yan know that this old man was by no means an ordinary person!

"Let me introduce, the younger one is Dashan, and the old one is Dashui." The coyote said with a smile.

Since it was night and day, and with some minor changes in the appearances of Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying, Xuanshan did not discover the true identities of Xiao Yan and the three of them.

"Strange, why does this person have a familiar smell..." Xuanshan just came here, and found that the figure surrounded by a black cloak had a familiar smell It's just that Can't remember for a long time.

The identities of Xuanshan and Zhuo Lao were forged, but the purpose of their trip was to cross this desert of death!

Traveling through the desert of death is something that no one has ever done before. This is also the meaning of the old. If you want to become a strong man in charge of an entire army, then this kind of experience is essential.

It is not so much an experience as a test of Xuanshan by the old man. After all, every head and deputy head of the three major legions of the Xuanling Royal Family is the best choice in terms of strength and temperament!

"This person is an emperor-level pharmacist. We are with us on this trip, and we hope that the two of them will protect him at the critical moment." Coyote said.

"Well, that's natural." Xuanshan and Old Zhuo said.

It's just that after the old man finished speaking, he stared at Xiao Yan from time to time, and a trace of anxiety arose in his heart.

"Strange, there seems to be some secret about this kid, even I can't see it through." The old man said in a low voice, and he was instantly relieved after speaking, otherwise it would be bad to arouse the vigilance of the man in black.

"Brother, this person is very strong." Xiao Yi on the side said slightly.

These words were obviously conveyed by Xiao Yi using her soul power to Xiao Yan.

"Well, I know, I am afraid that the strength of the third prince of the Xuanling royal family will not be lower than that of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, or even stronger!" Xiao Yan responded.

"Still be careful." Xiao Yan said to Mu Yingying and Xiao Yi at the same time.

"Yes." The two nodded at the same time.

The coyote turned his head and looked at the second team on both sides, and found that there was nothing unusual, and immediately said: "Since everyone has arrived, let's go."...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: