Chapter Vol 4 958: Devour the soul of Dou Xian!

"What a powerful holy flame controlling power..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but be startled wwш..lā

Xiao Mu's series of use of the Holy Flame Crystal just now made Xiao Yan feel inferior, whether it is the use of the Holy Flame or the control of the Holy Flame Crystal.

However, Xiao Yan also knew that if he wanted to control Saint Flame in the true sense, his current strength was not at that level.

"Holy Flame Domain?"

"What is that?" Xiao Yan wondered when Feng Zhen spoke not far away.

"The so-called holy flame domain is to integrate holy flames into one's own domain to make its domain more powerful."

"In other words, if your original domain power is 1, and the power of holy flame is also 1, after integrating the domain of holy flame, the power in the domain alone is 2, and both the power and the power are geometrically increased. !" The Golden Dragon King laughed.

"Ancestor Xiao Mu is really strong." Xiao Xuan on the side also spoke slightly.

Although I don't know how strong the holy flame is, with the appearance of Xiao Mu's holy flame domain, Xiao Xuan suddenly felt a more powerful domain force emerge than the previous Fengquan.

"Feng Zhen, since it's already here, why are you leaving in such a hurry?" At this moment, Xiao Mu's pupils burst out with a khaki flame, which shot towards the place where Feng Zhen was.

"not good……"

"The realm is going to disperse..." Feng Zhen was shrouded in Xiao Mu's realm, and Feng Zhen's wind realm, under the pressure of Xiao Mu's holy flame realm, actually made a sound of shattering.

"Crash!" As Xiao Mu's flame attack swept away, the field of wind composed of gray energy instantly shattered, replaced by a more dazzling and hot flame power!

"Feng Zhen, the grievances of your human world center against our Xiao clan, let's get some interest back from you. Don't worry, other powerhouses will come to accompany you in the future." Mu's whole person was slack and seemed extremely powerful.

"Xiao Mu, although your current strength has recovered to the level of a three-star fighting immortal, but if you want to kill me, you are dreaming!" Feng Zhen also knew that things were not easy, so he didn't dare to take it lightly, and roared directly at Xiao Mu, his body fighting immortals. A steady stream of energy gathered out, not letting go of any trace of escape.

"If it weren't for the help of the holy flame, I'm afraid I would have taken your hand today, but now, it's time to end it."

"Dragon of Holy Flame!" Xiao Mu's voice was like a **** descending from the earth, with incomparable majesty.

As Xiao Mu's voice just fell, hundreds of fiery fire dragons slowly emerged in the thousands of meters of space filled with holy flame domain. Above the fire dragon, the power of holy flame emerged, and there was even a faint trace The mysterious lines of it are attached to its body.

And hundreds of fire dragons just appeared, all staring at Feng Zhen with anger!

Although Feng Zhen is a three-star Dou Xian in strength, he is also at the bottom of the human world law enforcers. Wherever he has seen such a big scene, his mind was immediately stunned by this scene.

"Hundred Dragons Burial!" After a while, Xiao Mu said with satisfaction as he watched the fire dragons emerge in the Holy Flame Domain.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Mu's voice just finished speaking, and in the Holy Flame Domain, hundreds of fire dragons blasted directly at the wind shock!

"Defend me!" Feng Zhen also knew that he had no hope of escaping, and his voice became crazy.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Bang Bang Bang!" No matter how Feng Zhen defended, he was bitten by the fire dragon, and his body turned **** under the fire dragon's bite!

"I……"

"I can't die!" Feng Zhen realized that these fire dragons were far from what he could handle, and regretted it!

If he hadn't underestimated Xiao Mu's power and had used the thunder method from the very beginning, I'm afraid this situation would not have happened!

"I can only blow myself up." Feng Zhen was indeed a law enforcer in the Human World, with extremely high quality, and a chill flashed in his heart.

"Want to blow yourself up?"

"It's too late!" Xiao Mu sneered when he saw Feng Zhen, who was bitten by hundreds of fire dragons, suddenly act carefully and carefully.

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Mu waved his big hand, and in the Holy Flame Domain, a giant hand from the sky suddenly rushed towards Feng Zhen.

"Damn it!" Feng Zhen saw such attacks coming, so he could only temporarily give up his self-destruction and resist!

"Xiao Mu, although I failed this mission, I am a fighting immortal, and a mere 35th ranked holy flame can't kill me..."

"Wait until the powerful law enforcers of our human world attack, you can't survive, you can't die!"

"Hahaha!" After Feng Zhen finished speaking, he was no longer resisting, and just let the fire dragon bite.

It's a little strange that although the fire dragon bites, although it does damage to Feng Zhen, it still can't kill it in a real sense.

"That's not necessarily true." Just when Xiao Mu was puzzled, the Golden Dragon King on the side flashed out, and in the palm of his hand, an ancient rune with countless eerie and eerie patterns appeared slowly.

"Soul Eater Talisman?"

"Do not!"

"do not want!"

"I beg you not to kill me!"

"I'll tell you everything you want to know!" When Feng Zhen just saw the mysterious black rune, his pupils actually sunk in because of fear!

"It's too late!" The Golden Dragon King sneered, and then the palm of his hand was directly attached to Feng Zhen's body!

"Ah ah ah!" A strange scream came directly from Feng Zhen's body, but when the sound only lasted for a few breaths, Feng Zhen's body suddenly stopped moving However, a dazzling ray of light poured directly into the Soul Eater Talisman within the body of Feng Zhen.

"Soul-devouring talisman, spit it out for this king!" Looking at the mysterious power on the soul-devouring talisman, the Golden Dragon King burst out.

"Uuuuu!" The Soul Eater made a sound, obviously not wanting to spit it out.

"I'm giving you a chance, if you don't spit it out, this king will directly refine you here!" The Golden Dragon King shouted.

"Weng Om!" As the Golden Dragon King shouted in succession, the Soul Devouring Talisman unwillingly spit out the Feng Zhen soul power that he had just swallowed, and then returned to Xiao Yan's ring in extreme sadness.

"The control of the body is handed over to you." The Golden Dragon King said, then left Xiao Yan's body and floated in the Holy Flame Domain.

"Golden Dragon King, you look like this..." Seeing this, Xiao Mu couldn't help but say.

"It's just the state of the soul," said the virtual shadow of the Golden Dragon King.

"Pfft." Just as Xiao Yan took control of his body, a sense of powerlessness spread all over his body. It was obviously the sequelae caused by his uncle Jinlong King's high-strength enhancement of his own strength just now.

"This is……"

"What." Xiao Yan reluctantly swallowed a few pills, and then his eyes fixed on the soul light group in front of him!

Because Xiao Yan was shocked by this soul light group, he felt the soul in his body shake violently!

"This is the soul power of an immortal warrior, but after the effect of the Soul Eater Talisman, it may be called the soul of a warrior immortal." The Golden Dragon King said flatly.

.