Chapter Vol 2 846: Immortal-level intermediate, light-based judgment nail!

"That thing..."

"On top of our heads." Following Wang Xie's soul transmission, the other powerhouses nodded.

Except for Xiao Yan and the people from Astrology Valley, the others who can enter here are all at the level of the Seven Star Dou Di, so naturally they will not be afraid.

"Do it!" Song Yue said, and then the matching sword exuding endless power behind him shot instantly, the figure exploded instantly, and with the help of the anti-shock force, he directly raised the matching sword in his hand to assassinate the mysterious elf above everyone's heads. !

Aside from Song Yue's attack, Feng Hong didn't sit still, his palm suddenly raised, even if he didn't rely on the power of life to increase, just relying on his physical strength was more than enough to deal with this guy.

The other strong men also clenched their fists and attacked the mysterious elves.

"Shabu!" After a while, the fierce attacks of everyone fell directly above their heads.

On the other hand, Xiao Yan, Mu Feng and Bing Shui did not move.

"Boom boom boom!" After a while of attack, many strong men also returned to the ground, but their faces were not very good-looking. It seems that the attack just now did not have much impact on the mysterious elves.

"It's useless, the defense of the mysterious elf is extremely strong, and once it is shot, it will almost die."

"If you want to cause damage to it, I'm afraid you need extremely tyrannical means."

"But without using the power of life, I'm afraid we can't create a terrifying attack." Bing Shui looked at the attacks of the people around him, and then spoke.

Because she could feel that the mysterious elf was still suspended above everyone's heads. If it wasn't for the presence of Xiao Yan and Meng Fei to make it jealous, I'm afraid it would have made a move.

But Rao is so. The seemingly terrifying attack from everyone just now did not cause much terrifying damage to it, and it was even negligible.

"This guy, his body is really hard." Song Yue couldn't help saying.

Just now, with the sword behind him and the blow from the sword intent, I am afraid that the average powerhouse in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Di can't handle it, but when it hits the mysterious elf, it just feels like hitting a stone, which is quite strange. .

"Then what should we do now?" Wang Xie heard the words, and immediately realized the strangeness of this mysterious elf.

"We must cause damage to it, and then use the light system to make it come to a standstill for a short time, and destroy it with the power of flame and thunder, otherwise, once his fear of the flames on Xiao Yan and the two of them disappears, I am afraid our end will be... "Ice water shook his head.

When everyone heard the words, they couldn't help being indifferent.

Although their strength is tyrannical, their inability to use the power of life undoubtedly limits their strength.

"I'll try it." At this time, Xiao Yan had no choice. After all, he had to wait for a fatal blow to the mysterious elves, so there was no way to make a move, but Mu Feng, who was beside him, suddenly said.

"you?"

"What can you do with your meager strength in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di?" Wang Xie naturally disdainful, after all, Mu Feng's strength is too weak.

"Hehe." When Mu Feng heard this, he was not angry, grinned, and prepared to launch an attack.

"How sure is it?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Seven points." Mu Feng smiled confidently.

"The sword is coming." The next moment, Mu Feng was not waiting, and called out softly.

Immediately above Mu Feng's palm, a wooden sword suddenly appeared.

The whole body of this wooden sword was red, but some strange runes flashed all over it. It was exactly the same as the wooden sword that Mu Feng used at the beginning, but at this time, this wooden sword actually gave Xiao Yan a profound feeling.

"What is this?" With his excellent soul perception, Xiao Yan found that there were many mysterious runes on the hibiscus. With the help of these mysterious runes, the wooden sword exuded a huge power. .

"Your wooden sword seems to have something special." Xiao Yan said.

"Hey, you've made so much progress, you can't stand still, right?"

"It's not good to be dumped too much by you." Mu Feng smiled slowly.

"It seems that this guy has suffered a lot behind his back." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, other than himself, Xiao Yan naturally knew about the progress of other students.

"Look at me." After Mu Feng finished speaking, he raised the wooden sword in his hand and jumped up. With the help of the impact, he directly assassinated the mysterious elf above his head.

This time, the quiet body of the mysterious elf moved suddenly. Obviously, even in the dark, it sensed that the power contained in the mysterious runes on the Mufeng wooden sword should not be underestimated.

"Boom boom boom!" After a while, Mu Feng's attack directly hit the mysterious elf.

"Hoohoho!" Even though the mysterious elf had already realized that Mu Feng's attack was definitely not simple, he never thought that Mu Feng's attack would be so terrifying!

When hitting his body, the mysterious elf clearly felt a piercing pain emanating from the wooden sword.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

As the mysterious elves screamed so miserably, all the powerhouses in the entire hall suddenly moved.

"I didn't expect this guy to succeed." Some experts said with disbelief on their faces. Their seven-star Dou-Emperor-level strength could not shake the mysterious elves in the slightest. It was unexpected that Mu Feng, a late-stage Six-Star Dou-Emper from Burning Incense Pavilion, would be so powerful!

"I am afraid that Mu Feng's attack strength is slightly inferior to me." Song Yue said with a smile.

"Light!" At this moment, Bingshui suddenly spoke.

At this time, the mysterious elves have just been attacked. If they use the light element, they will undoubtedly have a great chance of success!

"coming!"

"Monster, take me a blow!"

"Judgement Nail!" The next moment, a white scroll appeared in Feng Hong's hand, and then Feng Hong slowly spread it out. At that time, an indescribable wave of terror suddenly reverberated in this space!

"It's actually a fairy-level intermediate fighting skilljudgment nail?"

"This thing is a first-class master of bondage."

"With this level of trial nails, I am afraid that the dignified eight-star Dou Emperor level powerhouse will be instantly bound." Song Yue couldn't help but said, obviously he did not expect Feng Hong to carry such a precious thing with him.

"Shabu Shabu!" Just as the fighting skill scroll was unfolded, three huge white nails exuding endless rays of light instantly appeared.

"Give me a bundle!" Seeing this, Feng Hong shrouded the space with bright rays of light, and immediately realized that the mysterious elves might want to escape, and directly controlled the three judgment nails to attack the mysterious elves!

"Bang bang bang!" The three judgment nails were extremely fast. When the mysterious elf wanted to escape, they instantly came to him, and then without hesitation, like shackles, they suddenly bound the mysterious elf!

"Success!"

"Then it's up to you." Feng Hong said to Xiao Yan's two after returning to the ground after finishing all this.

"No problem." Xiao Yan and Meng Fei said at the same time, and then a flame slowly appeared in the palms of the two of them. The brilliance of this flame actually caused the space to be slightly burned!

"Mysterious elf, die for me!"

"Emperor Flame!" Two bright flames rushed towards the mysterious elves who were bound by the judgment nail and couldn't move.

Until this time, the true face of the mysterious elf was revealed, but a fear of death also quietly emerged in his heart.