Chapter Vol 4 1897: 3 big legions, scale monster army!

In the Tianyuan battlefield, countless white bones and demonic winds filled the air, embellishing this barren land into a real purgatory on earth.

"Oh, it's so unlucky."

"The evil eye demon king is really partial, and he gave the most precious resources in the Tianyuan battlefield to his personal guards, the evil eye demon group, and we, the generals and monster soldiers who worked hard with him and worked hard, ended up with a cup. I can't even share the soup!"

"It's so embarrassing!" At this time, in a flat area, several monster generals with tiger heads and tiger brains gathered in a group, quite complaining, their expressions were extremely fierce, and the words revealed that they were endlessly interested in the so-called evil-eyed demon king. of hatred.

"Lian Shuai, since the evil-eyed demon king is so ruthless, why don't we..." While speaking, a monster beast covered with green scales beside him made a light gesture towards his neck.

The implication is clear!

Obliterate the evil-eyed demon king to replace him!

"No, the strength of the evil-eyed demon king is in the middle stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortals, which is far from what we can deal with, and the evil eye of the evil-eyed demon king can be said to be the most difficult among the seven demon kings." Shuai heard the words, shook his head slowly, and immediately raised his deep demon eyes, looking deeper into the battlefield.

Each of the ten battlefields contains a lot of precious relics, and now that the evil-eyed demon king has occupied the Tianyuan battlefield, he has vaguely discovered some tyrannical relics, so he expelled the three major demon commanders under him. Using the excuse of patrolling the border, they separated them, and the evil-eyed demon king with his own personal guards was slowly exploring the precious ruins.

The team in front of them now is the scale monster group that ranks second among the three big monster groups. The most powerful one is led by the scale handsome in the early stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals. There are 20,000 monster beasts behind them, and the army only has monster beasts. They are basically scale monsters, and it may be quite inferior to fight alone, but if it is a real group battle, the scene can be described as truly dumb.

"Tsk tsk... the army led by this monster is too many, right?" At this time, Xiao Yan and Tianhu, with the help of Xiao Yan's huge soul power, stood on top of a depleted tree. Looking deeply at the huge camp with hundreds of tents in the distance, he lost his voice.

"Looking at this battle, I'm afraid there are as many as tens of thousands... How about it, do you have the confidence to make a breakthrough?" Xiao Yan muttered slightly, and then smiled slowly, his voice was full of extreme pride, and he had a strong sense of his own strength. Absolute confidence in general.

"Humph!"

"Why don't you dare?"

"Master, do you have any plans, just say it!" Tianhu snorted coldly when he saw Xiao Yan's appearance, and his dazzling fighting intent was undoubtedly on display.

"When the two armies are fighting, intelligence is the most important."

"The two of us will go deep into the enemy's camp for a while. You are responsible for attracting firepower. I will try to collect the information on the evil-eyed demon king, remember not to fight."

"However, it can cause huge fluctuations, which is very good." Xiao Yan said.

"Okay." Tianhu said with a slight smile, his gaze towards Xiao Yan also involuntarily became respectful, this guy is not only strong but also convincing.

"Do it!" The two of them looked at each other, and then the power on their bodies soared like spring water.

"You attack from the front, I'll attack from the back, this feign attack is just to gain information." Leaving those words lightly, Xiao Yan's figure left here first, turning into a fierce wind, lurking towards the enemy's tent. .

"Huhuhu!" The figures of Xiao Yan and Tianhu were extremely strong, and just as the two auras appeared, a harsh roar filled the air from the enemy's camp.

"Enemy attack!"

"There are enemies!"

"The whole army is on the defensive, enter the battle mode!" Xiao Yan and Tianhu attacked one after the other, and the scaly demon handsome suddenly jumped into the air and commanded the battle condescendingly.

"Return to Lin Shuai, there are only two attackers."

"One person started killing people on the front line, and there was a faint breath behind, which seemed to be heading towards the intelligence camp in our army." After a few breaths, a scout also came here, and the tone was quite strange.

"Two?"

"But this guy doesn't seem to be so simple."

"Four demon generals, you go and stop that eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse, I will meet that kid." Lin Shuai looked at the two people in tandem, and made a judgment in a short time.

The strength of Tianhu Yaoshuai Half-step Eight-Star Fighting Immortal is certainly tyrannical, but the oppression given to him by Xiao Yan is even more tyrannical than the real Eight-Star Fighting Immortal.

"Lin Shuai, the attack from the front is a half-step eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse. If you don't take action, I am afraid that the front will cause a unilateral massacre..." After hearing the words, several demon generals felt dark in their hearts, and did not understand why Lin Shuai would make this decision.

"Excuting an order!"

"You just need to be defensive!" As soon as the voice fell, Lin Shuai burst out, facing the base camp behind him.

"Hahaha!"

"Does the demon king's army of demon beasts be able to handle this?"

"There is no one who can fight, let you guys come out, otherwise today, this commander will completely bloodbath this place!" Tianhu Demon Commander killed hundreds of monsters one after another in just a few minutes, and suddenly arrogantly snorted. road.

"Back to defense, line up!"

"here!"

"The army is called back, defend!" At this time, one after another demon generals emerged one after another, and then they commanded the army of demon beasts like a mess of sand in an orderly manner. For a time, it was difficult to control with the power of Tianhu Demon Commander Create a crushing situation.

"Xiao Yan, I don't know what tricks you have, but you have to hurry up." After Tianhu Yaoshuai muttered, he suddenly fought with these guys, but with the tacit understanding between each other, Tianhu Yaoshuai's strength will become stronger and stronger. less and less dominant.

On the other side, at the rear of the army, Xiao Yan quietly poured into the camp. This is the storage place for some confidential scrolls, and it is also Xiao Yan's destination. Under the power of the soul, it is naturally self-defeating.

"What is this?" At this time, Xiao Yan released his soul power, defending the army of monsters and the powerhouses in the army, and quickly flipped through hundreds of scrolls with his palms, trying to find something useful.

"The Tomb of the Demon Emperor?" Xiao Yan pulled out the scroll at the bottom of the pressed scroll, and an invisible oppression permeated out, and four demonic words flooded out.

"You're not too timid, you actually dare to break into our army base camp."

"Sign up and come." Just when Xiao Yan was surprised, just when he tried to open the scroll, an icy cold air was like smoke, surrounding the entire camp.

That is the fluctuation of the field, and it is full of endless killing intent!

"Has it been discovered... but the purpose has been achieved." Xiao Yan took the scroll into his arms, and his eyes became deep. , the majestic fighting spirit permeates out!

This guy, must be eight-star fighting immortals, can be said to be a real rival!

However, for the leader of this level of monster army, the strength has reached the early stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian, and for Xiao Yan, it is also a great experience!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: