Chapter Vol 4 1666: The ancient formation method, 5 mang finger formation!

"That's... undead fire?" In the crowd, I don't know who said something, and the eyes of dozens of people who were present suddenly became hot.

On the five huge stone pillars of Wuzhi Mountain, the green branches and vines of towering ancient trees emerge, and in the dark corner under the stone pillars of Wuzhi Mountain, traces of hot fluctuations are involved in the hearts of everyone. According to this extremely terrifying power, it is enough to easily You know, that thing... it is...

Not dead fire!

Legend has it that if you get immortal fire, you can be immortal and immortal in the true sense. As for whether it is true or not, I am afraid it is unknown, but this top 20 holy flame is attractive enough.

"..." The powerhouses present are also the arrogant sons of the younger generation of the five major academies in Li Soul Domain. They did not act rashly. The fundamental reason was that the green branches filled the entire Wuzhi Mountain ancient tree.

The mysterious gray lines on the ancient tree made them feel powerless.

"The origin of this towering ancient tree is absolutely extraordinary." Xiao Yan stood aside with vigilant eyes, keeping a distance from the ancient tree, and immediately thought.

The special power above the ancient tree turned out to be constantly suppressing everyone, making their hearts and even their bodies filled with an extremely uncomfortable depression, and it is not certain that the existence of this ancient tree should be for protection or It is the existence that suppresses the undead fire!

In addition, Xiao Yan, with his tyrannical soul power, could not understand the obscure patterns on the branches of the strands, and this is what he has now. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"These lines are probably derived from the lines of writing in ancient times. With our current experience, no one should be able to recognize them, and it is even more difficult to decipher them." You Er leaned over to Xiao Yan and the two and said.

At this time, this place has been divided into four factions, Xiao Yan and Irene Youer's faction, the Court of Judgment and the Judgment Court are two factions, plus the five factions of the alliance, and the five black robes, a total of five factions.

"These things, according to the master's records, are the last line of defense to protect the undead fire. Only by breaking them can the undead fire be truly simple. Otherwise, with the protection of these things, we can't approach the undead fire, let alone whether we can conquer the holy flame." At this time, Eriner also spoke up.

"Don't act rashly for a while, and follow those guys." Xiao Yan thoughtfully pointed his finger at the five men in black robes and said to the two women. I don't know if it was out of intuition or something else. The details of the five black-robed men are not simple.

"Okay." The two women heard the words and immediately agreed.

"This……"

"It's actually an ancient formation, Wumangshan finger formation!" As the strong men whispered, Deng Qing of the court suddenly wondered.

"Go ahead."

"These are some good things." Just then, the five men in black robes suddenly spoke up, and their voices were filled with a death-like silence.

"Crash!" As soon as the voice fell, four of the five men in black robes stood straight and stepped out with one foot. The four of them formed a combined attack and were wrapped in towering ancient trees.

"They are..." Seeing such a strange scene of the four of them, the eyes of the powerhouses suddenly became solemn.

The details and strength of these five people are unknown, and their actions are extremely strange now, so they have to guard against it.

"Spirit Summoning!" Suddenly, the four of them said in unison.

"No, stop them!" At the same time, Deng Qing of the Court of Justice suddenly noticed something and spoke abruptly, and then the dazzling silver Dou Qi on his figure turned into a net of thunder, and rushed towards it!

"Humph!"

"I'll stop them, the three of you, do it!"

"Wu Shuang, you preserve your strength." As soon as the voice fell, one of the four figures in black robes opened the mouth and said with a menacing aura. The voice just fell, and the other three formed a triangle, and a steady stream of gloomy aura emerged. In this way, the gray lines on the ancient tree actually seemed to be slowly awakening, exuding endless majestic power.

"This guy is very strong." In front of the three factions, the figure in black robe stood slightly, and the other strong men said.

"This place has been occupied by us, you should go back and forth from there." The man said calmly, not intending to talk too much with them.

"You are dreaming!"

"Do it!" Deng Qing and Yu Xiao glanced at each other and couldn't help but say, the fighting spirit in their bodies became surging.

Thunder attribute and shadow system!

"The two powerhouses at the peak of the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Xian, the two of you should be the strongest among the crowd."

"Well, if you defeat you, the rest of the guys will naturally be self-defeating." The black-robed man sneered, as if he didn't care about the strength of the two.

"Do you need to do it?" The five members of the Five Sect Alliance looked at each other and asked.

"Not for the time being." Zhao Guang shook his head and said, the battle situation was uncertain at this time, and the immortal fire had not been completely exposed, so it was obviously best to preserve the strength.

"What should we do?" You Er asked.

"You stay here, these three guys seem to have ideas about this ancient tree, I won't let them easily succeed." Xiao Yan finished speaking, the shadow and body behind him suddenly separated, and the figure disappeared from everyone's sight.

"You bastard, mysterious and mysterious, today, on behalf of our court of justice, I will bring you to justice on the spot." Deng Qing's whole body flashed with silver thunder, hesitating like a **** of thunder, with an aura like a rainbow.

"Hahaha!"

"Today, the five major courtyards are all gathered here, which is exactly what I want."

"Today's undead fire will not only fall into our hands, but the powerhouses of your five major courtyards will also suffer heavy losses!"

"Susu!" The gloomy voice seemed to echo through this void as if a magic sound.

"Weng buzzing!" At the same time, Xiao Yan, who was secretly moving towards the three shadows, was violently tumbling in his body, the two holy flames trembled wildly, and even the holy flame's heart on his chest rose and fell one after another.

"These guys, could it be that they are really aliens..." Xiao Yan also held his breath, stopped moving, and looked at the dark shadow blocking Deng Qing and the two of them, from under the shadow, It seems to smell a very special force.

This power is somewhat similar to the power of light, but it contains an extremely terrifying evil atmosphere.

"Light devil?" At the next moment, an illusory figure on the edge of the void suddenly woke up and said.

This guy is naturally the overlord of the demon world who has been following Xiao Yan, the black dragon wolf!

It is true that only the five-star fighting immortal early stage strength can enter, but unfortunately it does not apply to the demon world. This guy used some mysterious means, only put his own five-star fighting immortal early stage peak power into the undead holy Tan, and other powers remain Outside of the Holy Tan of the Undying, the reason for doing this is to protect Xiao Yan.

"Shadow!" Yu Xiao snorted coldly, and the figure disappeared directly from everyone's sight.

"Tips for carving insects!"

"The power of light!" Seeing Yu Xiao's method, the shadow was disdainful of it, suddenly shocked, the gloomy aura in his body disappeared instantly, and a dazzling white light like a dazzling sun covered the entire void. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"How... how is it possible?"

"Light-type powerhouse?" Seeing the black-robed man act like this, the powerhouses present became stunned!

In any case, it is impossible for them to think that the gloomy and evil aura was all over the body just now, but the next moment it is directly transformed into the sacred and inviolable light attribute. The gap in it makes everyone uneasy!