Chapter 297: The rights of named disciples! (Happy Ching Ming Festival!)

The night passed quickly, and the five of them all fell asleep one after another. After all, the tiring journey along the way also made them fall asleep quickly.

After the first ray of sunlight shone on Wuzhuju in the morning, people from the five wooden houses came out one after another.

After all, according to what Mu Xuzi said, today is about to start cultivating, so several people are looking forward to it, and they are also quite curious about the cultivation method of this super sect.

This incense pavilion can stand for thousands of years, and it also has its own independent cultivation method.

"Hey, what do you think is the difference between the cultivation in the Burning Incense Pavilion and other places?"

"I heard that this Burning Incense Pavilion is undoubtedly a treasure for fire-type fighting spirits. It's not just because of Huashan, but it seems that there are some peculiar things in the Burning Incense Pavilion." Mu Feng grumbled early in the morning. Ji Zaza kept talking, and the four of them knew Mu Feng's character, so they didn't interfere much.

"Uncle Mu is here." Xiao Yi also noticed Mu Xuzi's arrival and said.

"Are you used to it last night?" Mu Xuzi said in a soft voice.

"Yeah." The five of them responded together, obviously curious about this first practice.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"In that case..."

"Then let's go and start your first practice!" Mu Xuzi also said slowly.

After Mu Xuzi finished speaking, he also walked up first, and then Xiao Yan and the others looked at each other in dismay, and then followed up with Mu Xuzi.

"My incense-burning pavilion is about cultivating to keep fit and eliminating harm for the people."

"The outer cabinet is a collection of hundreds of books, specializing in cultivating students who are knowledgeable and reasonable, and our cabinet, the three halls of heaven, earth and people, is to cultivate strong people to eliminate harm for the people."

"The entrance to the ghost world is also not far from our Burning Incense Pavilion, so in addition to cultivating in the mountains, you will need to go to experience it after a while. First, it is to improve yourself. Only the real battle is the fastest. Second, the entrance to the ghost world has been very uneven recently, and since he is the most disciple of the Burning Incense Pavilion, it is the responsibility of him to go to get rid of the ghosts." Mu Xuzi also said slowly.

"To get rid of ghosts..."

"I'm good at this..." Mu Feng also said with a grin.

"Also, the cultivation resources of our Human Temple are not evenly distributed. It all depends on strength."

"The stronger your strength and the higher your talent, the more training resources you will get, but the opposite is true."

"As for private duels, as long as we don't die, we don't care, and we also encourage such duels." Mu Xuzi also spoke slowly to the people behind him.

"Sure enough..." Xiao Yan also smiled and didn't care anymore. After all, the reason why the Burning Incense Pavilion could stand in Xuan Santian and become a super sect, in addition to the background it should have, is also related to this The management system of the sect is inseparable.

Mu Xuzi's words are obviously telling them that there is no free lunch in the world, and they must not relax their vigilance just because they joined the Burning Incense Pavilion. After all, if they don't work hard, they will be surpassed at any time.

Talent is of course important, but what Xiao Yan has learned from his hard work and sweat is something that Xiao Yan understood when he was in Dou Qi Continent.

The others were silent as well, but Xiaoyi didn't take it seriously. After all, Xiaoyi's identity as a fire elf is quite special, and she doesn't need these trainings. As long as she keeps giving fire attribute vindictiveness, she can continue to break through and strengthen herself. Strength.

"It's here, let's go in." Mu Xuzi came to the outside of a large hall, and then smiled slowly.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan also said to the people around him.

Then, without any hesitation, he walked towards the closed hall.

He raised his hands gently and touched the door of the main hall. With three booms, the door of the main hall slowly opened.

"Hey, Uncle Mu, let us wait." A hearty laughter also came from behind the gate.

"Haha, no rush." ​​Mu Xuzi also smiled slowly.

As Xiao Yan and the others stepped in, they also found that there was a lot of space in this hall, and it lay flat. The most dazzling thing was a magical door of light in the hall. , and found that the door of light in the hall seemed to lead to the entrance somewhere.

"There are so many disciples in the Hall of People..." Xiao Yan turned around and found that the number of people in the hall at this time had reached hundreds of people, and the fluctuations in their bodies were without exception. are stronger than themselves...

Some have even entered the level of a five-star fighting emperor...

Moreover, the most important thing is that Xiao Yan, relying on his powerful soul power, felt that the hundreds of disciples in this hall were looking at the five of them with fiery eyes, as if there was something quite tempting in them. exist.

"Hehe, these aren't the disciples of my human hall. The disciples of my human hall have now gone out to practice and eliminate ghosts at the entrance of the ghost world..."

"As for these..."

"It's a named disciple who wants to join my Human Palace." Mu Xuzi also said slowly.

"Registered disciple?" Xiao Yan is also surprised. Many super sects actually recruit some talented and powerful people as outer disciples or named disciples. When they make a certain contribution to the sect, they can become real disciples. disciple!

To become a true disciple is to be eligible to enjoy many benefits of the sect, such as training resources or the guidance of some strong people!

After all, a person is on the decline, but joining a sect is different. Even if others want to touch you, they will also consider the energy of their sect. After all, many sects are extremely protective, especially This is regarded as a burning incense pavilion, and it is not enough to protect the disciples of its sect.

"Haha, it looks like your kid understands what I mean."

"Then let's start."

"The reward for you to join the Temple of My People is in this gate of light, but if you want to get it smoothly, it still needs a lot of difficulty." Mu Xuzi also said slowly.

"It's really interesting." Xiao Yan also laughed slowly, and then stared at the hundreds of people in front of him, his eyes becoming even hotter.

It just so happened that since he broke through the four-star Dou Emperor, the spiritual power of the Dou Formation Master was enough to condense 5,000 core inscriptions, and he also had the power to fight against the powerhouse of the five-star Dou Emperor.

At this time, in the sky above the main hall, a sleepy old man also slowly opened his eyes, and then looked slightly above the ground of the main hall.

"How can there be a wave of spiritual power on this kid with a giant ruler..." After speaking, he turned his attention to Xiao Yan.

"It seems that the newcomers this time also have some hard bones..." The surrounding registered disciples looked at Xiao Yan and found that although Xiao Yan's strength was only in the middle stage of the four-star Dou Emperor, he exuded a lot of energy from him. The fluctuations made many of them excited.

The people around Xiao Yan also seemed to understand what was going on, and their eyes sank immediately.

Ask for tickets!

Five more today!