Chapter Vol 4 897: Remove the blood curse!

"Cough..." After a while, with the disappearance of the two Xuanyin brothers, the mysterious blood spell on Xuan Muqing's forehead became more and more bright red.

"Pavilion Master, blood curse?"

"What is this?" At this time, Mu Xuzi and his group stepped forward, and then Mu Xuzi asked.

The group of people who came to the underground palace this time, except Mu Xuzi who has been in the Fenxiang Pavilion for a long time, the other powerhouses are the powerhouses of the evil clan outside the hand blade domain.

"Blood curse, this is a common method used by evil races outside the territory."

"The blood curse can provide a huge amount of power to human beings, but as a price, every time this evil power is used, it is at the cost of overdrafting life and even soul. After a certain number of uses, it will completely become a killing machine of foreign evil races. "Zhu Jin stared at the blood curse above Xuan Muqing's forehead and said.

"Qing'er, how did you get this blood curse?" Based on Lingmengsheng's understanding of Xuanmuqing, Xuanmuqing would definitely not do such a thing, and immediately asked in a low voice.

"I don't even know about this thing."

"I gave birth to Lingxuan in Xuanling City, but from the moment I gave birth to Lingxuan, I discovered that something was lurking into my body, and at that time, this thing appeared on my forehead. ."

"The reason why I didn't go to you all these years is because of this blood curse. This thing is extremely evil. It once tried to control me, but fortunately it has the amulet you gave me, so it didn't succeed." Xuan Muqing Open your mouth slightly.

"It seems that this Xuanling City has entered into the details of the evil race from outside the territory." Fen Tian said suddenly.

"Pavilion Master, is there a way to solve this?" Ling Mengsheng asked Fen Tian as if asking for help.

"Blood spells are divided into grades one to seven. If the highest level is grade six or grade seven, I have no choice."

"But for the fourth-level blood curse, it's not impossible."

"It's just that I might be aggrieved and turn my eyes away." Fen Tian made a deep voice for a while before slowly opening his mouth.

"Pavilion Master, wouldn't it be safe for her life?" Ling Mengsheng was still afraid. Although he was extremely disgusted by the blood curse in Xuan Muqing's body, he didn't want her to take risks.

"No way, it's just some pain in the flesh."

"And the blood curse must be dealt with in advance, otherwise it will accumulate in the body over time, and the harm will be very big." Fen Tian said.

"Dream, don't worry."

"For the sake of our two children, I can hold on." How could Xuan Muqing not know Lingmengsheng's worries, and immediately said.

"Pavilion Master, what do we need to do?" Ling Mengsheng suddenly became vigilant upon hearing this.

"Muching, urge the blood curse in your body, leave the rest to us." Fen Tian also thought for a while, and then spoke directly!

"Okay." Xuan Muqing's face was pale at this time, and the **** demon blood curse on his forehead also exuded an evil aura!

"Blood curse!" Xuan Muqing said in a low voice, and then the power of the blood curse instantly emerged, filling Xuan Muqing's body, and even the power skyrocketed!

"Holy Flame!" At this time, Fen Tian went directly to flash a fiery red flame!

Compared with the real holy flame, this flame is naturally a lot weaker, but as a holy flame, its power is not comparable to ordinary flames.

"Pavilion Master, this flame is really becoming more and more proficient." The two elders took a slow look, and then said.

They naturally knew about Fen Tian's relationship with Yan Chi at the beginning, so they were not too surprised that Fen Tian had Saint Yanzi Fire.

"Shen God!"

"Shut up!"

"concentrate!"

"I will use holy flame to enter your body to expel the blood curse!" Fen Tian's eyes narrowed and he said directly.

"I can do it." Xuan Muqing felt Ling Mengsheng's worry, and said a word directly to him, then got out of his embrace, and did as Fen Tian said.

"fire!"

"Go in!" Fen Tian was shocked when he saw this, and then he directly controlled the power of Saint Yanzi's fire, leaning into Xuan Mu's body and leaving.

"Boom boom boom!" The Shengyan Zihuo controlled by Fen Tian had just entered Xuan Muqing's body, and suddenly Xuan Muqing was full of blood-red evil power. After the blood-red evil power met Sheng Yan, it was as if It seems that he is extremely afraid of this holy flame!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Sure enough!" Ling Mengsheng was overjoyed when he saw this, but at this moment Xuan Muqing's face became even paler, and the sweat kept emerging, which was quite heart-wrenching.

"Get out!" At the next moment, Fen Tian's powerful aura burst out suddenly!

Immediately, the fourth-level blood curse that entangled Xuan Muqing, directly under the two powers of Fen Tian's extremely strong strength and Sheng Yan Zi Huo's power, instantly popped out.

"Are you alright?" As Fen Tian withdrew his hand, Ling Meng gave birth to a flicker and took his breath directly, with doting eyes in his eyes.

"That thing..."

"Finally expelled." At this moment, although Xuan Muqing was extremely weak, the happy appearance on that pretty face was quite enviable.

"Where to run!" Seeing this, Zhu Jin, the fourth-level blood curse that left Xuan Muqing's body, was directly exposed under the waterfall, and just after it appeared, he was about to run away, and then burst into a shout Su sieve! "The fourth-level blood curse was directly expelled by Fen Tian from the hospital's body, and at this time, the fourth-level blood curse turned into a blood-red light and appeared in front of everyone.

After Fen Tian expelled the blood curse, he didn't make a move. After all, the movement just now was not small. If he made a move, it would probably disturb the powerhouses of the Xuanling royal family, and Zhu Jin and his party were needed. Naturally, there was no need to worry.

"Destroy me!" At this moment, in Zhu Jin's hands, the dazzling power of life and death appeared instantly, the power of life and death appeared, and the flow of the waterfall suddenly became extremely slow.

Immediately, without any hesitation, the figure swept away and suddenly slapped on the light of the blood curse!

"Boom boom boom!" The power of life and death contains a huge power of destruction, and the power of the blood curse is now separated from Xuan Muqing.

"It's resolved." Zhu Jin sent out several attacks in a row, directly destroying the seemingly terrifying fourth-class blood curse, and then said something to Fen Tian.

"Old man Zhu, thank you." At this time, Ling Mengsheng said something to Zhu Jin.

"You wood can also say thank you..." Zhu Jin heard this and grinned.

"Let's go, let's go to the fifth floor first, time is running out." Fen Tian said, and then everyone didn't stay, and went directly to the fifth floor of the underground palace!

It's just that, with the fact that Fen Tian had just released his strength to fight immortals, the fourth-class blood curse was destroyed. In addition to the news of Xuanyin and Xuanyang, the whereabouts of Fentian and his party seemed to be exposed, but they were completely silent. I don't know.