Chapter Vol 4 929: The 8 leaders of Medusa!

Following the brief battle between King Xuanling and Queen Medusa, the Xuanling royal family was also attacked by other powerful men from the Medusa clan.

There is a moat between the Xuanling Royal Family and Xuanling City, but at this time, the soldiers guarding the city wall on the moat discovered something.

"What is that..." At this time, a guard guarding the Xuanling royal family's city wall looked at a group of black objects in the sky, couldn't tell what it was, and couldn't help but said.

"Be vigilant!"

"An enemy is invading!" One of the commanders, before he could finish speaking, was suddenly killed by a silent palm.

The one who took the life of this soldier was an extremely enchanting woman.

And the other soldiers saw that their commander, who was as powerful as a three-star Dou Di, was so easily killed by the woman in front of them, and couldn't help but feel a little chill in their hearts.

"Yuri, it looks like you can't do it anymore." Another old man also appeared slowly and smiled.

"Snake King, you'd better take care of yourself." Being so contemptuous by the man, the woman was slightly dissatisfied, and immediately killed the Xuanling royal guard on the city wall.

This woman is also the leader of the snake and scorpion tribe among the eight major tribes of the Medusa clan, and she is full of the strength of the eight-star Doudi perfection level, Yuri!

"Where's the Queen?" Elder Snake became convinced of Queen Medusa at this time. After all, he couldn't accept it. He was a powerhouse with the bloodline of the Ten-Colored Swallowing Python, and he would have to rely on Medusa to break through the half-immortal or transcend the calamity in the future. Queen Sha.

"The queen seems to sense King Xuanling's position, so she went to find King Xuanling."

"This time, the few of us are going to turn the Xuanling royal family upside down!" Yu Rui said slightly, and as soon as he finished speaking, the leaders of several other tribes appeared at the same time!

At this moment, the leaders of the eight major tribes of the Medusa family are gathered here!

"The Queen's current strength of One Star Fighting Immortals is complete, I'm afraid she may walk sideways in Xuan San San." Elder Snake said slowly.

"The Medusa family invaded the Xuanling royal family!" Just as Yuri and the old snake were talking, a figure suddenly emitted a strange silver smoke among the fallen corpses in front of him, and then all vitality was lost.

"It seems that your strength has declined." Mei Lan heard the words and said slightly.

"I didn't expect it." Yu Rui said with a slight smile.

After Yuri finished speaking, the eight people crossed the moat and the city wall and headed towards the interior of the Xuanling Imperial House.

However, as the soldier sent a signal before he fell, the entire Xuanling royal family suddenly became restless!

The Xuanling royal family covers an extremely large area, and the palace and the moat are separated by thousands of miles, so the Medusa family is only in the moat now, and there is still a lot of distance from the palace.

"what happened?"

"Just now, the highest-level help signal was issued in the direction of the moat?" At this time, in the Xuanling Royal Palace, the council hall was already full of people.

The one who spoke was the third prince, Xuanmu, who was most highly valued by King Xuanling.

"Everyone, be quiet." At this time, Xuan Mu's body stood up slightly, and then the voice spread in the conference room.

"..." With Xuanmu's opening, the entire hall suddenly became quiet. They knew that the strength of the Xuanmu in front of him might not be strong, but I am afraid that no one dared to underestimate the power behind these years.

Not surprisingly, I am afraid it will be the next Xuanling King.

"Everyone here is the elite backbone of our Xuanling royal family. According to the news just received, the leaders of the eight major tribes of the Medusa family have invaded. So far, they have come to the moat."

"And all the soldiers we were in charge of guarding the city river fell." Xuanmu took a deep breath and said immediately.

"I think it has something to do with the previous time King Xuanling took the Dragon-loving Legion to the Medusa family." Some of the civil servants nearby couldn't help but say.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Yeah yeah."

"It may be that King Xuanling did something shameful that time, which made the Medusa family so angry." Some people also agreed.

"enough!"

"Now that the troops are under the city, do you still have the heart to say this?" Xuan Mu suddenly slapped the table upon hearing this.

"How could the Medusa clan suddenly attack our Xuanling royal family?"

"Is there any hidden meaning in this?" Following Xuanmu's opening, a thin and yellow-faced man also stood up and said.

Seeing the man stand up, Xuanmu's eyelids couldn't help but jump.

The person in front of him is the great general of their Xuanling royal family. He is nicknamed Qianli Crazy Fighting. He is an extremely war-loving guy. One of the major problems.

"I don't know what General Xuanzhan's opinion is?" Xuanmu is very personable after all, and at this moment, he can't use his anger.

"Let King Xuanling come out and preside over."

"Although your personality and overall situation are good, you are still a little too tender." Xuan Zhan did not shy away and said directly.

"Maybe you will disappoint General Xuan."

"My father seems to have something to do. He is not in the Xuanling royal family, and I tried my best to find him."

"Besides, there are also no trace of those who are addicted to the Dragon Legion." Xuanmu said solemnly.

"what?"

"What the **** are these damned guys doing!"

"Now that the eight leaders of the Medusa clan are approaching the city, if they are not there, I'm afraid..." Xuan Zhan couldn't help saying when he heard the words.

"So when the troops are under the city, we can only deal with them first and wait until they come back."

"Otherwise, this time our Xuanling royal family will fall into a state of doom." Xuanmu said vigilantly the eight leaders of the Medusa family, how can we people deal with..."

"Ugh……"

"It seems that the Xuanling royal family is also at the end of the road..."

"Be quiet, if you say that, be careful of being implicated in the Nine Clan!" In the conference room, most of the strengths are only at the level of five-star Dou-Emperor, most of them are civil and military officials, and there are very few who have strength above the rank of Seven-Star Dou-Emperor, and some intermittent voices keep coming. sounded.

"Hahaha."

"The timid generation of the Xuanling royal family!"

"The Medusa family is coming for revenge." While everyone was still discussing how to deal with it, a monstrous voice, containing extremely huge power, was directly introduced into the conference room hall.

"Humph!"

"Snake King, you are too arrogant!" After Xuan Zhan finished speaking, the terrifying fighting spirit suddenly radiated out, and then he jumped suddenly and swept towards the old man above the sky!

Looking at that aura, this Xuan Zhan was actually a powerhouse who stepped into the Rank Nine Dou Emperor!

"Oh?"

"Xuan Zhan?"

"I didn't expect you to be dead?"

"And it seems to have broken through to the level of a nine-star Dou Emperor."

"Last time you ran away like a lost dog, so this time, you won't have any chance." The old man Xuan Zhan above the sky, his voice was full of contempt!

And beside the king, seven powerhouses exuding a shocking aura also slowly appeared in everyone's sight!