Chapter Vol 4 1801: Faith Soul Chain vs Tianmang Evil Sword!

"Damn...what the **** is going on here?" Seeing the strange behavior of the giant dark underworld warrior on the ground, Gamma and the others roared while dealing with Soul Wuji's attack, but the sudden appearance of Xiao Yan, It bought them a lot of time, and it was too late to think about Xiao Yan's purpose.

"This guy... can actually control the consciousness of the dark underworld?"

"Where the **** is he?" At this moment, a gleam of light flashed in Soul Yan's pupils, and he looked at Xiao Yan and the Dark Underworld in a strange state with a face full of astonishment.

The Dark Underworld was a summoned creature that he managed to conquer from the underworld with great effort. It is comparable to the underworld creatures in the early stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortals. The guy made this look, and a violent killing intent spread from Soul Yan's eyes.

"Now... let me see how you deal with it!"

"Tianmang Evil Sword!" At this time, Protector Bai looked at the two who were still, and immediately stared at Soul Flame, an unparalleled killing intent swept over.

I saw Protector Bai's white palm lifted, and the black long sword turned into a black beam, which passed straight past him and Soul Yan, and instantly flooded into the sky, turning into a dazzling dark green evil sword!

The evil holy sword shrouded the entire lair, like a **** of death looking down on all beings, and everyone's life and death are only within his thought!

The dark green evil sword has just appeared, and the entire nest space is filled with extreme unease. The dark green evil sword is constantly changing, and the sword edge contains bursts of sharp cold light. The momentum fell.

"To be able to use such a tyrannical method by the white guardian." Seeing the dark green evil sword permeating everyone's heart like a rainbow light, Gamma smiled slightly. He knew that this level of attack could really kill the soul in the middle stage of the Eight Stars Fighting Immortals. The powerhouse, the way this Soul Flame can force Protector Bai in such a way is enough to show his strength.

"You better take care of yourself first..."

"Fall for this hall master!"

"Susu!" He grinned viciously, and ignored him. Immediately, a piercing sound of metal chains emerged from Soul Wuji's body, with an irresistible ghostly power, roaring at Gamma and the others. And go.

"Kacha." However, Gamma is obviously not a false name. The dark green evil light is emerging. With the help of the evil sword above the sky, it can resist the attack of Soul Wuji for a while, and the two forces are also stalemate. .

"Soul flame, let's decide the outcome with one blow!" Using such a method, Protector Bai's face was pale, but his expression was extremely solemn, and even a strange smile leaked from the corner of his mouth!

Under the evil holy sword, all are ants.

"Susu..."

"The strength of the guardian of the crime is indeed well-deserved, but it is too whimsical to try to obliterate me with this!"

"Return of all souls!" Looking at the White Protector who looked down on himself like an emperor, Soul Yan smiled coldly.

At the same moment, the blood mist around Soul Yan's body began to shake, and the desolate aura of ghostly roaring, ghostly screaming, and grief-stricken mourning completely permeated the air. For a time, this space was actually rendered into a real purgatory. In a special area dedicated to imprisoning and torturing the soul, even the dark green evil sword standing in the sky suddenly burst out with a sense of sigh.

"The power in this guy's body isn't quite right." At this moment, Protector Bai still didn't dare to take it lightly. While controlling the evil sword, he watched Soul Flame. Once it had any flaws, he would shoot without hesitation.

"Faith Soul Chain!"

"Come out to this hall master."

"Hahaha!" After a while, countless illusory and transparent soul bodies burst out from Soul Flame's body, escaping towards the surroundings, but on top of their bodies, there was a bloodshot like bloodshot. Weak chains, linking them completely.

Ten thousand souls roaring and struggling, the scene is extremely spectacular!

"Weng buzzing!" With a sound, countless soul bodies were directly solidified by the blood-stained chain, and suddenly, it turned into a blood-colored chain about the size of an arm.

On the blood-colored chains, countless tiny lines are like the lines of death carefully carved and outlined by the **** of death. They are extremely ferocious and terrifying.

"The power of faith?"

"How can it be?"

"How can you master the power of belief if your strength is not in the realm of reincarnation?" At this moment, looking at this inconspicuous blood-colored chain, the white guardian spoke slowly with a trembling voice, because he smelled a Share true death volatility!

The power of faith!

This is the strongest power that is comparable to the power of reincarnation. The mystery of these two powers is beyond their understanding!

The only thing they know is that if they are hit by this faith chain, only the soul will be destroyed!

"Die!" Soul Yan didn't answer, only exposed his face from the black mist, and roared with a ghastly face, and suddenly his arm suddenly waved under the black mist, directly facing the white guardian standing in the sky!

"Sword of Evil Light!" When Protector Bai saw this, he didn't have time to think, his voice increased to the extreme, and he tried to wave the dark green evil sword and blasted it away.

"Boom!" In the pitch-black space, countless dark green evil light and blood-colored black light energy ripples, and the arc of the ripples is getting bigger and bigger, which actually temporarily disintegrated the battle in other places.

It is like an evil stigmata that wipes out the world. Wherever it goes, the sand and stones are wiped out, and the earth trembles uncontrollably. After a while, it is because it cannot withstand the power of the evil stigmata is easily torn by it. Break out of the abyss!

Those scenes are simply appalling, shocking everyone and hitting their cognition!

"This soul flame actually exposed the power of faith in advance."

"But it doesn't matter..." Hun Wuji and other Soul Hall experts spontaneously formed a black mist barrier, and muttered while watching the attack that destroyed everything.

"White Protector... Hold on." At this moment, Marr, who turned into a dark green mist and attached to the evil cauldron, spoke softly, but as the sound fell, the top of the entire nest suddenly became wet , It seems that something was added by Marr, but it was covered up by the tyrannical attacks of the White Protector and Soul Flame.

On the other side, Xiao Yan and the Dark Underworld.

"What's going on?" At this moment, Xiao Yan seemed to penetrate this space and entered a dark and different space.

There is no living thing here, no life, no life, just like a real death zone.

It's just that Xiao Yan was depressed when he suddenly saw that in the dark space, the huge body of the Dark Underworld was quietly crawling. what.

The most important thing was that at the end of the old man's hair, twenty-two flames flickered and danced slightly, and even the Emperor Flame Ring in his hand was quietly suspended in front of him. I don't know when it was already standing behind it.

At this moment, Xiao Yan's black pupils shrank suddenly, and he lost his voice: "Emperor Tuoshe?"

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.