Chapter Vol 2 760: Di Xuan Lei

"Cangyan Xuanlei is a very special existence."

"Although Cangyan Xuanlei is also a type of thunder, it is different from ordinary thunderbolts. Other thunderbolts are formed by Dan Thunder Tribulation, but this Cangyan Xuanlei is the last step in refining the Xuanyin Pill." Xiao Yan In my mind, I kept recalling the records about Cangyan Xuanlei.

"Cangyan Xuanlei, come here!" At the next moment, the medicinal liquids in the Black Devil Cauldron had slowly merged, and a gray medicinal pill about the size of a dragon's eye slowly took shape.

"Buzz!" Cangyan Xuanlei seemed to sense Xiao Yan's call, and immediately roared, showing his anger.

No way, although Cang Yan Xuanlei himself contained extremely violent power, he was not endowed with wisdom and could only be controlled by Xiao Yan.

"Temper it for me!" Xiao Yan's next moment, the huge soul force instantly controlled the fiery red Cangyan Xuanlei to go towards the gray elixir!

This Cangyan Xuanlei is also strange to say, the color of the body is constantly changing, at first it was gray, now it is fiery red, and after a while it is golden again, floating indefinitely.

"Boom boom boom!" Cangyan Xuanlei just came into contact with the gray elixir, and suddenly, extremely strong vibrations came out from the black magic cauldron, and this vibration obviously came from the gray elixir.

"It seems that Cangyan Xuanlei is to get rid of some unnecessary impurities in Xuanyin Pill." Seeing this, Xiao Yan immediately understood what was going on, and smiled slowly.

"Boom boom boom!" In the black magic cauldron, the power of fiery red thunder appeared beside the gray elixir. With every roar of the fiery red thunder, there would suddenly be some white smoke floating above the gray elixir, and This white smoke is clearly the impurities that Cang Yan Xuan Lei photographed for the gray elixir.

"Counting the time, twenty-five has passed." Xiao Yan looked at the current situation in the Black Devil Cauldron, and immediately closed his eyes slightly, because he knew that this could not be done in a short period of time.

Xiao Yan sat like this for another three days.

For three days, Xiao Yan used his huge soul power to control Cang Yan Xuan Lei's impurity dispatch to the gray medicinal pills, and with Xiao Yan's actions, the sky outside the Qinxin compound slowly changed. It got dark, and an indescribable wave of terror slowly took shape.

"This kid is really daring. Just after breaking through the second-grade emperor-rank pharmacist, he started refining the second-grade emperor-rank medicinal herbs non-stop."

"And looking at the fluctuations, the movement of the medicinal pills refined this time is not small, and it is definitely not low if you want to come." In the refining pharmacy, Ye Meng said with relief.

On the one hand, it was because of Xiao Yan's excellent talent for refining medicine, and on the other hand, it was because of Xiao Yan's breakthrough in the second-rank emperor-rank pharmacist that he benefited from himself. Thinking of this, Ye Meng couldn't help but smile.

"Master, is this Xiao Yan's fluctuation?" Leng Fuyao appeared on the side, slowly staring at the extremely dark and thunderous sky in the distance with a difficult opening.

Leng Fuyao has always been arrogant, not to mention other things, the refining skills alone, I am afraid that the entire Fenxiang Pavilion peers are not more powerful than himself, but the appearance of Xiao Yan broke Leng Fuyao's pride.

"really."

"And I see the level of this thunder cloud, I am afraid that the quality of Chengdan is still quite high, and it may even be born with Danwen." Ye Meng smiled slowly.

"Danwen?"

"How could it be possible..." Leng Fuyao immediately felt incredible when he heard this.

This Xiao Yan had just broken through to the second-rank Emperor-rank pharmacist, and he started refining such high-level medicinal pills just after breaking through, and he would also give birth to pill patterns.

"And I think the level of this thundercloud is a little scary." Ye Meng said at the next moment.

"This thundercloud?" When Leng Fuyao heard the words, she suddenly stared at the thunderclouds that were densely covered in the sky above Qinxin's compound. From the thunderclouds, she smelled a dangerous aura.

"It's really been a long time since I saw Leiyun." Xiao Yan naturally saw that the Xuanyin Pill in his Black Devil Cauldron was fully formed, and smiled slowly.

But this Leiyun is a crucial step in becoming a pill. If you don't take Leiyun, I'm afraid the medicine pill will be refined in vain.

"No, the puppet has been useless for a long time, I'm afraid it won't be able to handle this thunder..." At the next moment, Xiao Yan seemed to think of something, and immediately opened his mouth slightly.

Indeed, the puppets of the Golden Demon Puppet could no longer keep up with Xiao Yan's current pace.

"Since that's the case, I'd better rely on myself. With the power of holy flame, I don't believe how big the waves can be from Thunder Tribulation!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and then disappeared directly into the firewood room, when Du appeared. , has come to the top of Qinxin compound.

"Boom boom boom!" The thundercloud above the compound seemed to have been ready for a long time, and just as Xiao Yan appeared, bursts of sparks erupted with thunderbolts.

"What kind of thunder is this..." Xiao Yan stared at the extremely dark thunder in front of him, smelling an extremely dangerous aura from it.

"It's actually Di Xuan Lei..." In the pharmacy, Ye Meng looked at the extremely dark thunder in the sky, and immediately exclaimed slightly.

With Ye Meng's current strength and medicine refining skills, he was able to exclaim so much, which was enough to show how powerful the thunder caused by Xiao Yan's refining medicine pill was.

"Di Xuan Lei?" Leng Fuyao was surprised when he heard the words.

Others don't know about this profound thunder, and as an alchemist, it's impossible for her not to know!

Among the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd grade alchemists of the imperial rank, there are only two types of thunder that are the most terrifying.

Tianxuanlei is golden, and basically only appears in emperor-rank third-grade medicinal pills. Of course, there may be exceptions, but such cases are very rare.

And this Earth Profound Thunder is black, and it can only appear in some extremely difficult-to-refine medicine pills of the second-rank emperor.

Tianxuanlei and Dixuanlei are collectively referred to as the two major killers of emperor-level pharmacists, because these two thunderbolts cannot be intervened by outsiders, and only the alchemists can deal with them themselves. This is the horror of these two thunders.

"I hope this kid doesn't have an accident, otherwise..." Ye Meng said slightly, and the words in his voice were obvious.

If Xiao Yan couldn't resist, Ye Meng would take action instantly.

"Di Xuan Lei..."

"Today, let me have a good comprehension to write about whether the frightening thunder in the rumors is as powerful as the legends say!" Xiao Yan finished speaking, instantly transformed into a fireman, and rushed directly into the thunder in the sky.

"Tsk tsk tsk, this kid is so impulsive." Xiao Yan's movement was naturally noticed by the senior management of Fenxiang Pavilion, so Xiao Yan just caused the thunder calamity, and immediately Mu Xuzi, Xiong Yuanzhujin and everyone put down the matter in their hands. , looking at the thunderclouds above the sky.

After all, Xiao Yan was the mainstay of their Burning Incense Pavilion at this time, and these high-level officials would definitely not do anything to Xiao Yan.

"Haha. This is my Zhujin's disciple."

"But don't worry."

"Xiao Yan has the power of Holy Flame. Although Xiao Yan's strength cannot really exert the full power of Holy Flame, don't underestimate Holy Flame."

"Just a mere Xuan Lei, I can't help this disciple." Zhu Jin's gentle voice sounded slowly, as if he was not worried about Xiao Yan at all, and there was only blind trust in Xiao Yan in his voice. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: