Chapter Vol 4 953: Xiao Mu appeared

"Zhuuuuuu!" Because the forest of death is full of ghosts, the ordinary beasts are contaminated with some evil spirits.

"Is it a Leopard Leopard at the sixth rank of the emperor..." Xiao Yan didn't care too much when he saw the figure of the monster that swept away.

The strength of this beast is comparable to that of a human 6-star Dou Emperor, but he is naturally not afraid of Xiao Yan's time as a 7-star Dou Emperor.

"No, it stands to reason that the position that Guangyin gave me should be here..." Xiao Yan followed Guangyin and walked around all the way, looking for the position of the Xiao clan members.

"Xiao Yan!" Not long after, when Xiao Yan was confused, Xiao Xuan also returned without success.

"Ancestor, is there any trace?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively.

"no."

"I didn't find it with that light seal." Xiao Xuan said with a wave of his hands.

With the increase of time, Xiao Xuan also became familiar with the body, and the strength of the six-star Dou Emperor level was also mastered. After all, Xiao Xuan was very talented, and it was only a matter of time before he wanted to do this.

"This forest of death is too large, and my soul power can't cover it all." Xiao Yan hesitated and then spoke.

Xiao Yan's current soul power is strong, but the area of вҖӢвҖӢthe Forest of Death is too huge, so it can't cover everything.

"Since that's the case, that's the only way to do it." Xiao Yan said solemnly, then he let go of the light seal given by the hawk-faced man, and suddenly lifted into the air, and immediately exploded!

"Crash!" A piercing sound rang out, and immediately in the forest of death, many beasts were shocked by Xiao Yan's actions.

"These two guys are really brave."

"Even if Xiao Mu is already injured, he can kill the two Seven Star Dou Emperors instantly."

"But I have to say, this method should be quite effective." After the eagle-faced man finished speaking, his figure suddenly became illusory, perfectly hiding his breath.

"That isвҖҰвҖҰ"

"Our Xiao clan's breath?" On the other side, the man in the walking clothes said slowly, then looked at the place where he had just left with surprise.

Where, a group of bright rays of light suddenly burst out, in that rays of light, Xiao Mu clearly smelled a trace of their Xiao clan's breath!

That kind of aura can only be possessed by people from the Xiao clan, and other foreigners cannot imitate it.

"Could it be that the Golden Dragon King found other members of our Xiao clan?"

"But that's not right. The strong people in the Xiao family have already been imprisoned by the world master of the human world. How could it be..."

"No, I have to go and have a look." After Xiao Mu finished speaking, he forcibly supported the injury in his body, and then walked towards the place where Xiao and the others were.

"No movement?" Xiao Yan looked at the bright group of light in the sky, and then said to himself slightly.

At this time, the light group in the sky not only had the mark given to Xiao Yan by the eagle-faced man, but also was added by Xiao Yan to some things that only the Xiao people could sense, but even so, there was no movement.

"You people from the Xiao family and the law enforcer are rushing here."

"After your Xiao clan people come, don't rush to recognize him, let them fight for a while." At this time, the Golden Dragon King said in Xiao Yan's mind.

"..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and his head was immediately covered with black lines.

The people who promised to save the Xiao clan, when the situation is in dire straits, let them fight for a while?

However, Xiao Yan also knew that when his uncle said so, he must have his own way, so he stopped talking immediately.

"Two friends..." Just when Xiao Yan was ready to fall on a rock, a cold voice sounded in their ears.

When the sound just appeared, the whole space suddenly became restless, and the temperature dropped significantly, obviously for no reason.

"Boom boom boom!" And this voice just appeared, before seeing the figure, suddenly within Xiao Yan, Huoxin Tianyan and Sheng Yanjing rioted at the same time, a terrifying riot that was about to come out instantly!

"Calm me down!" Xiao Yan sensed that this was the first time this happened in his body, he couldn't help but scolded secretly, and immediately urged Fen Jue, a steady stream of suppressing force, trying to suppress Sheng Yan's sudden agitation. clam down.

"Your Excellency..." On the other side, Xiao Xuan is currently watching his surroundings vigilantly, obviously this voice gave him an extremely tyrannical sense of danger.

"Did you send the signal just now?" Xiao Mu, who was dressed in commoner clothes, took a step forward before exposing himself to the two of them.

гӮЎж–°гғӨ~в‘§~1~дёӯж–ҮзҪ‘ПүПүПү.ПҮ~в’Ҹ~1zСү.cГІРј

Although the visitor has a lot of shocking injuries, big and small, the extraordinary aura between his brows is hard to hide, and his whole body reveals an immortal appearance, which is quite well-proportioned.

But there was one thing that surprised Xiao Yan the most!

Because this person is very similar to himself, no matter in body or facial features, the only difference is the edges and corners. Xiao Yan's edges and corners are full of killing intent, and this person's edges and corners are full of tenderness.

"Plop." As soon as Xiao Xuan and Xiao Yan saw Xiao Mu, they immediately felt that their blood was connected, but the three of them were also very human, their eyes changed immediately, and they started acting immediately.

"Exactly!"

"You hungry man, still don't take out other people's demons!"

"Others worked so hard to kill the beasts, but in the end they made you cheaper." Xiao Xuan said calmly, obviously already very skilled in acting.

"These two guys..."

"It seems to be just ordinary people."

"Never mind."

"Let this ordinary person see the battle of the strong immortals."

"If no one is watching a battle, it will be very boring." And under a big tree not far from the rock, the voice of the eagle-faced man also sounded slowly.

"Xiao Mu, I didn't expect you to show up." A smiling voice appeared slowly.

"Damn it!" When Xiao Mu heard the words, his face changed greatly, and he ran away directly into the distance.

On the way to escape I didn't forget to slap Xiao Yan and the two!

"Two friends, thank you for helping me find this person. After the work is completed, the reward will naturally be indispensable to the two of you. Please wait for a while for me to capture this guy." The eagle-faced man waved his hand, and immediately Xiao Mu's attack fell apart.

"Want to run?"

"How can it be so easy." After the eagle-faced man finished speaking, his figure turned into a black shadow, and shot towards Xiao Mu under the cover of this dark forest of death.

"Sure enough..." Xiao Yan and Xiao Xuan couldn't help but say something in their hearts.

The three of them are relatively connected by blood, and they have already communicated a lot of problems just by looking at each other, which is why the current scene is created.

"Uncle Shi, when will we take action?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask.

"No hurry, although Xiao Mu is not in a good state at this time, it is still possible to deal with the law enforcers. We must wait for an opportunity to kill with one hit, otherwise this guy will run away, and there will be endless troubles." The Golden Dragon King said.

"Yes." Xiao Yan and Xiao Xuan both waited on the spot.

"Xiao Mu, this name seems a little familiar to you, have you heard it somewhere..." Xiao Yan said slightly while suppressing the restlessness of the Fire Heart Tianyan in his body.

I have a cold, and I feel very aggrieved. I donвҖҷt know if I can make four shifts today. I will try my best.

When the cold is cured, it will break out in the coming year, everyone remember to wear more clothes

One day sleepy to death, oh

Happy New Year's Eve everyone