Chapter Vol 4 2219: Storm Dragon King Tamil?

"This Princess Qianqin seems to be a little weird!"

At the center of the battle in the enchantment surrounded by black smoke, Xiao Yan's body quickly retreated, even with the protection of many powers, the slight scratches on his body at this time were extremely dazzling.

Xiao Yan immediately wiped away the traces of blood from the corners of his mouth, and there was a hint of hesitation in his eyes.

According to the traces of the fight between the two just now, Princess Qianqin and herself have a vague feeling that they are evenly matched!

Even when he performed an earth-shattering blow with the amber rock soul fire and the lightning element magic lightning ball, he still hadn't shaken it in the slightest.

"Wong buzzing!"

The aftermath of the energy in the enchantment is still raging, but in the black smoke that has been in the high place for a long time, as time goes by, two figures emerge one after another.

"Sisi."

Xiao Yan and Princess Qianqin!

At this time, the exquisite jade platform under Princess Qianqin's body shattered, and a trace of gray thunder filled in front of them, making a pair of jade hands around the guqin and standing in front of them to resist.

It's just that on the guqin, four of the seven strings have been broken, and Princess Qianqin's look and breath are not very good-looking.

On the other hand, Xiao Yan, the large and small scars on his body, and even the slightest trace of blood on the corner of his mouth, was even more miserable than Princess Qianqin.

However, in a seemingly terrifying confrontation, Xiao Yan was able to achieve this step, which is awe-inspiring!

"No way……"

"The power of the seven-stringed guqin is enough to stifle the true first-level reincarnation powerhouse. Princess Qianqin has just released the seven-stringed guqin, and this human being has only suffered a slight wound?"

Looking at this scene in the field, an incomparable shock hit their hearts.

"I didn't expect you to be proficient in soul power. It's a mistake."

"Otherwise, without the interference of the soul power just now, you should have been completely destroyed by my song."

Qianqin swung her hand, took back the guqin, and a smile appeared on the corner of her mouth. Only at this moment did she see Xiao Yan as her real opponent.

"Yes?"

Xiao Yan's eyes turned cold, and he stared at Princess Qianqin coldly. At this time, the latter's calm cheeks seemed to be gentle, but Xiao Yan's keen perception knew that there seemed to be a very special touch in her body. Weird power is rising steadily, waking up.

In that kind of power, the extremely perfect power of dominance hidden in Xiao Yan's body trembled violently, and there were faint signs of uncontrollable traces erupting and spreading out!

"The reason why Samsara is called Samsara is because it controls the power of Samsara. The power of Samsara is mysterious. For your strength, it will destroy you."

"Of course you are a rare genius, but unfortunately..."

"A genius with broken wings is not a genius."

Qianqin's voice sounded, but the power around her body became illusory, and even the clouds at the top of the barrier began to shake violently, as if some terrifying creature was about to emerge.

"Xiao Yan, admit defeat, or take my strongest blow?"

Princess Qianqin sneered, everything was waiting for Xiao Yan's answer.

Whether it is life or death, in one thought.

"Why don't you dare?"

"So much nonsense, let's go!"

Xiao Yan's eyes flickered with ferocity, and as a flash of light disappeared, countless energies raged out, and it was obviously an opportunity for the final blow!

The masters have played tricks, and the point is so far, but for the two masters with extraordinary strength and arrogance, it is natural to use the strongest blow to establish their inviolable strength!

"Whoa!"

The vast cyan light filaments slanted out from Xiao Yan's body, and at the same time, the same terrifying power appeared on Princess Qianqin in the distance!

"The power of the Dragon King?"

Countless people looked at the bodies of the two men above the sky covered with cyan and silver filaments, not knowing who the elves at the center of the altar spoke first.

"How could Princess Qianqin possess the power of the Dragon King of the Dragon Clan?"

Countless people held their breath, not wanting to miss such a wonderful confrontation.

"It is said that Qianqin once left the sea of ​​​​the sky when she was a child, and was sent back by a certain almighty, I am afraid it has something to do with this."

Alice thought about it, but only had this idea.

It turns out that this Qianqin has always had a low-key and soft appearance, and the power behind her is so embarrassing to herself!

She is pretending to be crazy and selling stupid, I am afraid that the purpose is today!

"Dragon!!!"

Qianqin's elegant smile disappeared instantly, and the breath on her cheeks suddenly became heavy, her beautiful eyes and the corners of her mouth were particularly cold, she snorted coldly, and an endless chill filled the air!

The voice just fell, and a touch of silver power suddenly swept out of her body. At the same time, Princess Qianqin's seemingly weak body became crystal white with the blessing of countless silver power, and behind her, there was even more. A looming middle-aged woman stood up.

The middle-aged woman looked beautiful, and her slender body was also covered by a silver robe, but on her skin and silver robe, a series of strange lines were also engraved on it along the spread of silver power.

The power full of those weird lines can be learned from heaven and earth!

"Tear it off!"

When such an abnormality occurred in Princess Qianqin, the energy of the entire enchantment space boiled, and then a series of harsh space storms were born without any warning.

"It turns out that this palpitation is actually the power of the Dragon King!"

Xiao Yan looked at the terrifying figure of a woman behind Princess Qianqin who exuded a faint coercion, and finally knew what this guy was doing!

Because that energy woman is also one of the nine dragon kings of the dragon clan!

The dragon **** gave birth to nine sons, and the nine sons are different. Except for the gold and silver dragon king who retains the dragon's character and shape, the other seven sons are all in different shapes. Obtaining a trace of his strength is enough to greatly increase his own strength.

"Show the power of the Dragon King in your body, otherwise you will be completely buried today Princess Qianqin's body is constantly rising, slowly turning her head to look at Xiao Yan, the silver light is full of A tyrannical and terrifying tearing wind, I am afraid it is enough to tear any force easily.

"Whose power is this one of the seven dragon kings, but..."

"The power of domination!"

The majestic voice, the cyan water waves surged together, and the low and ancient Hong Zhong sound suddenly sounded. Under these extremely cold voices, Xiao Yan's body also underwent a rare change!

"It's actually the power of the Dragon King Tyrant?"

Qianqin's beautiful eyes are full of countless inconceivables. You must know that, in addition to the gold and silver dragon kings, among the remaining seven dragon kings, the overall strength of the Baxia dragon king is enough to rank second, and the storm dragon king is powerful and powerful. It should not be underestimated, but it is outside the third place.

"Storm Dragon King Tamil?"

After Qianqin's voice fell, the hot storm around her seemed to be provoked, and they all sent dangerous signals to Xiao Yan.

Storm Dragon King Tamil, among the seven dragon kings, is not the best in strength, but the terrifying power of the storm torn apart is enough to give her this title!

The final confrontation of this battle will be the battle of power left over by the two supreme powers, the Storm Dragon King and the Baxia Dragon King!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: