Chapter Vol 4 1812: The hero of Shuiyuan City!

At this time, as the gray thunderbolt in Xiao Yan's body slowly appeared like a god's mansion awakened from ancient times, it instantly formed a clone of the thunder master on the sea area, and directly shook the parade angel Mekal back. The sea area here is now calm, only only The Thunder Lord clone composed of Xiao Yan and Gray Thunder who was seriously injured appeared here. starter

"Senior, thank you." Xiao Yan supported the severely injured body and respectfully said to the figure in front of him. This guy was covered in thunder and could not see the specific outline, but Xiao Yan knew that this guy was part of the Thunder Lord's power. And for the traveling angel, Xiao Yan originally planned to fight to the death, but he was unexpectedly saved by the Thunder Lord.

"You don't need to thank me. If you want to thank me, thank my stupid apprentice."

"But there is one thing you have to remember. You are a descendant of the Xiao family. In the future, my body will be successfully reincarnated, and we may be enemies."

"Just do it yourself." A light hum, as if carrying some resentment, quietly dissipated here along with the gray thunder.

"Alas... it's all the fault of love words." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly, and immediately swam towards Shuiyuan City. He had something to do with the Thunder Lord and some of their Xiao clan bigwigs. This is something Xiao Yan already knew. , so for Lei Master's intimidation, he can only shake his head.

On the other side, when such a terrifying scene happened here in Xiao Yan, other things happened in Shuiyuan City.

"Sir City Lord, the big thing is bad."

"Steward Tian just rushed into the sea and fled towards the royal family of Tianxing Continent with an evil person."

"At this time, there are enough figures to prove that the biting incident is inextricably linked to Butler Tian, ​​and the source of all that points to the depths of the Devil's Sea."

"In the Devil's Sea now, it seems that there are strong men fighting, and a black hole vortex that is enough to tear everything is coming towards us. Once it is approached, with our current strength, I am afraid that only all will fall." At this time. In front of the City Lord's Mansion, one after another information came to the ground from the digital scouts.

"Sir, Lord Ji Xuan has brought several high-ranking members of the royal family and many missing humans to the ferry." ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"They look nervous, it seems that there is some important news!" After a while, in the silent hall, a guard broke through the door and said hurriedly.

"Come on!" At this moment, many high-level officials headed by the city lord Wu Kun, wriggled and walked towards the ferry.

"Master Ji Xuan?" After a while, everyone arrived at the ferry, and the city lord Wu Kun's face was gloomy. He took the lead and supported Ji Xuan, but his pupils shook violently when he looked at the majestic dark figure standing above the sea.

Ji Xuan is a popular person beside the princess, and his identity and strength are prominent, and he is respected by countless strong people.

"Lord City Lord, it's too late to explain."

"How many troops are still in the city, now we must go to save people immediately!" Ji Xuan looked at the black hole whirlpool in the distance, extremely solemn.

"That's... a person?" After Ji Xuan finished speaking, the high-level officials of the dry watery city looked at the black hole whirlpool in the distance, where there was an angel-like supreme human being, and beside it, there was an inconspicuous human being , On the human body, blood dripped, like a dying person, but the aura that was not afraid of death surprised everyone.

That kind of breath is like seeing death as home, even if it is lost, it will still fight until the last moment.

"He is the biggest hero who saved us. Without him, I'm afraid we would all have to die on the sea."

"And he has an antidote for the biting incident!"

"Please save him." At this moment, among the royal family behind Ji Xuan who was closely protected by him, an old man spoke slowly.

Lin Xiu, Seven Star Fighting Immortal, one of the few strategic personnel under the princess, came to solve the strange incident in Shuiyuan City, but was arrested by Marr and used it as a sacrifice. He spoke softly.

"My lords, please go down to rest first, and leave the rest to us." Wu Kun's expression changed and he said solemnly.

"I'll go with you." Ji Xuan strongly supported.

"Yep……"

"Xuanwei, follow my city master's order and go to the villa to invite the ancestors out." Suddenly, on Wu Kun's palm, a token with a huge water character appeared, and immediately faced a tall man behind him. throw away.

"But my lord... The ancestor said, don't disturb him unless it is absolutely necessary." The Xuanwei man heard the words and said in surprise.

"Go away!" Wu Kun roared angrily, and Xuanwei quickly left here.

"The ancestor of the hidden family of the water system?"

"It is said that he is also a Seven Star Fighting Immortal."

"With him, I'm afraid it can ease the war situation a little..."

"..." For a time, many strong men gathered and rushed towards the sea.

Many powerhouses took the ferry and slowly went towards the black hole whirlpool in the depths of the sea. They knew that this time they went to nine deaths, but for the sake of their families, wives and children behind them, they had no choice. If they did not stand at the forefront, they would solve the black hole whirlpool. , the losses will be even more severe.

And just as everyone was panicking towards the black hole vortex, another scene happened.

"Kacha Kacha!" With a sound, the angel's wings flickered behind him, and countless gods were like scorching flames swirling towards the black hole, and the tyrannical black hole vortex was easily disintegrated.

Then the angel looked down and said something to the tiny human in front of him, tearing apart the void and disappearing here!

Silence!

Seeing this scene appear in their pupils, the entire sea area was silent!

I thought that this time there were ten deaths and no life, but who would have thought that this little human actually shocked the angel. No matter what the reason was, he shook the angel away, and also forced the angel to erase the black hole vortex. Everyone saw it with their own eyes. He is the hero of Shuiyuan City.

"Ancestor... this?" At the same moment looking at the **** guy above the sea, Wu Kun said to an elderly man beside him.

"To be able to shock the wandering angels back, this is something this old man has never seen before..."

"Go pick him up!"

"He does have an antidote on him, and at the same time, he is listed as a hero of our Shuiyuan City." The majestic voice appeared in everyone's heart like an unquestionable order.

"Yes!" A loud and excited voice sounded.

"Cough, cough...Is it the limit?" Xiao Yan floated in front of him, and with the fall of the devil's lair, the forbidden air force in the sea was disintegrated, but at this time Xiao Yan's breath was extremely sluggish and he looked like he was dying.

"Boom boom boom!"

"Mr. Xiao Yan!" Just when Xiao Yan was struggling, voices of relief poured into Xiao Yan's line of sight, accompanied by the magnificent body of the Dark Underworld.

"It's okay, I just passed out temporarily."

"Go back." After carefully examining Xiao Yan's body, the group immediately returned to Shuiyuan City in a mighty way, and with the antidote given by Xiao Yan's dark underworld priest and Ji Xuan's information, Xiao Yan's identity , was respected by countless people in Shuiyuan City for a while.

Nine deaths and a lifetime to break into the magic cave, fighting the angels alone to fight for time.

He could have retreated but was a tough enemy, the number one person in all ages!

The error-free chapters of "Fight Breaking the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting, please collect it: () The Yandi of the God of Fighting is the fastest to update.