Chapter Vol 4 1560: The omen of the sovereign's move!

"It's good!" Seeing the ten strong men around him attacking at the same time, that kind of aura was devastating and suffocating, but Xiao Yan smiled slowly, as if all the winning tickets were in his hands.

"Kid, die for me!" The ten strong men are all dazzling green flames, and the power of this green flame has reached the level of a small heaven. , trying to kill with one hit, nothing left.

"Sect Master, the attack of the ten of them is too strong, let them stop, otherwise if anything happens to Xiao Yan, the Lingyuan will be blamed, and we can't afford the price." Looking at the ten people so bright The attack, the elder Huoyun hurriedly opened his mouth and said, it is obvious that the attack of ten three-star Dou Xian perfect powerhouses, even his initial strength of the four-star Dou Xian, is quite difficult to deal with, let alone just a three-star Dou Xian late stage. guy.

"Humph!"

"Isn't my eldest brother a nameless person, let's take care of your people!" Xiao Gui snorted coldly when he heard the words, naturally he had great trust in Xiao Yan.

"No hurry." At this time, Sect Master Huoyi was staring at Xiao Yan. Even in the current predicament, Xiao Yan did not panic, and with his strength in the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals, he could smell it all over Xiao Yan. A rather strange force, like a domain, but not a domain.

And once Xiao Yan had any crisis, Huo Yi would take action without hesitation.

"Shabu!" Just when the ten strong men attacked Xiao Yan's body five meters, Xiao Yan's body actually became illusory, and then the whole person turned into a whirlpool. In an instant, the figures of eleven people suddenly disappeared. On the battlefield of the competition stage, out of everyone's sight.

"what happened?"

"They... just disappeared?" Huo Liuxin looked surprised when he noticed this scene.

"This Xiao Yan is a little scary." Huo Yi is also becoming weird at this time. Obviously, this Xiao Yan can be so favored by the old ghost of the earth spirit, I am afraid there must be something tyrannical.

"Leading... the domain?" Suddenly, looking at the disappearing heavy man, and there was still a trace of terrifying special power on the competition platform, the elder Huoyun couldn't help but said. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

The word domain, that is only the five-star fighting immortals can have the opportunity to master, and even Li Soul Domain, which is full of geniuses, wants to touch the threshold of the domain. Only Ling Yu, the son of Ling Zhangjiao, who was gifted with talent, touched the realm in the late stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal, so that the Four-Star Fighting Immortal completed half of the realm with complete strength. In addition, the realm was only possessed by the Five-Star Fighting Immortal.

"This guy's casting should not be a field, and it's not a half field."

"I think it is also a mysterious space, and this thing is the first step to touch the realm. If he comprehends this space, then he has completed the first step of the realm and formed a half-field."

"Elder, this guy seems to be just as you said, a little scary." Until now, Huo Yi's eyes have also become solemn.

Even in the Earth Spirit Academy, only some powerhouses with the strength of the four-star Dou Xian can touch Xiao Yan's step, but Xiao Yan's strength is only in the late stage of the three-star Dou Xian, and he is so tyrannical. Hard to estimate.

"Wait." After a short while, except for Huo Liuxin, the other three slowly nodded their heads. The holy flame space that Xiao Yan had just cast was extremely shocking to them.

"Boom!" The ten strong men attacked Xiao Yan with dazzling attacks, but they were wriggled by Xiao Yan's bizarre vortex and appeared in a dark void.

"Pfft!" The dazzling attack was instantly submerged, and the ten strong men looked at each other in dismay. Obviously, they were still on the competition platform a second ago, how could they suddenly come to this void?

"Everyone... a big gift for you." This is the sacred flame space displayed by Xiao Yan, which isolates most of the power, and all ten of them have fire attributes, so Xiao Yan's suppression of them is even more powerful. .

"Stinky boy, get down and die!"

"Don't pretend to be a ghost." Huo Xun still took the lead in shouting.

"Red Flame Sea of ​​Fire!" In an instant, Xiao Yan ignored Huo Xun's roar, and his body was entrenched in the high altitude of the Holy Flame space, and bursts of extremely hot fiery red flames, centered on himself, spewed out like a volcanic eruption! Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"This is... the power of the Great Celestial Seed?" Seeing the fiery red flames emerging from Xiao Yan's body in the sky, the ten people couldn't help but feel a little shocked!

Because in this holy flame space, weakening their one-star strength, it increases Xiao Yan’s one-star strength, and the tyrannical suppression in the holy flame space makes it more difficult for them to exert the fire attribute in their bodies.

"Don't panic, everyone, this must be his conspiracy, let's join forces and kill him!" Huo Xun seemed to be the backbone of everyone, and a few words gathered people's hearts, and then he said slowly.

"Boom!" Just as everyone was accumulating strength, a dazzling fiery red flame suddenly erupted, and the entire holy flame space was instantly rendered, like a blood-colored hell, extremely tragic.

"If it weren't for the fact that you are the powerhouses of Myriad Fire Sect, at this time, I am afraid that I have completely suppressed them."

"You...to accept or not to accept?" In an instant, Xiao Yan was condescending, wrapped in the power of flames, and said indifferently.

"Dissatisfied!"

"Brothers, kill him for me!" Seeing this, Huo Xun still refused to admit defeat and shouted.

"Fire Palm!"

"Finger of Wind and Fire!"

"..." As Huoxun's voice just fell, the ten people suddenly released the dazzling flame power, even if their strength was temporarily suppressed by the Holy Flame Space to the late Samsung Dou Xian but The attacks in their hands were extremely tyrannical.

"Fei Yan... bloom." Seeing the ten people being so mighty, Xiao Yan was not angry but happy. After all, it is extremely rare for Myriad Fire Sect to have such loyal subordinates, but now, they must be completely defeated first.

"Crash!" The various attacks in the hands of the ten people instantly condensed into a ferocious azure light, with extremely terrifying azure flames and destructive forces on the light. The attack, I am afraid that it is a four-star fighting immortal, can only temporarily avoid the edge.

"Boom!" Without any hesitation, Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and the fiery red flames that had already filled the entire Holy Flame space, like fireworks blooming, slowly exploded.

And the terrifying power generated after the explosion shocked everyone!

Until this time, the ten people's hearts finally loosened a little. This Xiao Yan didn't seem to be as unbearable as he imagined.

"In order to achieve the shocking effect, I can only wrong you." It was just that when the cyan energy and the fiery red energy were violently touching each other in the air, it was indistinguishable, Xiao Yan's voice was falling from the sky.

"What does he mean...?" The ten people below also continued to send grudges, trying to defeat Xiao Yan with cyan energy.

"Third Commander-in-Chief Huo Xun, you, look behind Xiao Yan." The next moment, an exclamation suddenly emanated from the ten people.

"Hoohoho!" Seeing this, the other nine slowly raised their heads and saw that behind Xiao Yan, a ferocious dragon also wrapped in fiery red flames was staring at them with an indifferent dragon eye. .

"How... how is that possible?" Until this time, Huo Xun finally realized that this Xiao Yan really has the potential to be favored by the old ghost!

A touch of fear emerged in my heart!