Chapter Vol 4 2212: Xiao Yan shot, the last hope

"Boom!"

The cyan fist and the butterfly elf energy clashed, a huge energy visible to the naked eye suddenly exploded, the void of the entire altar barrier shook suddenly, and even other energies in the space were smashed away by it, such a terrifying power , turned out to make the edge barrier protecting the altar of the elf tremble.

"Who?"

"Sabotage the good deeds of this princess!!!"

Alice's beautiful eyes contained extremely fierce suffocating aura, and she roared, her eyes fixed on Xiao Yi's position.

This attack from yourself can clearly kill Xiao Yi, why is there an ancient and heavy aura that is as heavy as a mountain to resist his attack?

"Second brother!"

Xiao Yi's face was extremely gloomy. On her slender body, droplets of purple and demonic blood spilled out. She looked quite scary, but at this time, there was no fear in her pupils, instead, there was a rare madness in her eyes.

"There is no need to use that kind of thing, the after-effects are too great."

"And as my elder brother, I won't let you act like this."

Xiao Yan retracted his fist full of blue halo and looked at Xiao Yi with awe, as if he was teaching the latter.

However, everyone's eyes narrowed and they stared at Xiao Yan in disbelief.

Just now, Princess Alice gave an angry blow, strong enough to make the real reincarnation feel difficult, but was actually caught by Xiao Yanqing's fist?

This shocking scene gave them an extremely illusory illusion.

"This Xiao Yan is not easy."

"The flash of power just above the fist seems familiar."

"Does it have something to do with that lord?"

Qianqin's beautiful eyes looked at Xiao Yan who was standing in front of Xiao Yi in the distance, and there was a hint of hesitation in her eyes.

Xiao Yan is not a simple human being. Not only does he possess holy flame, but he also possesses some kind of cyan-colored strange energy, which makes Qianqin have to pay attention to it.

"But……"

When Xiao Yi heard this, she couldn't help clenching her teeth, looking at Princess Alice with fierce eyes on the side, the worry in her eyes was particularly strong.

Many rumors about Princess Alice have long been a household name among the fire elves. Now that they are fighting each other, Xiao Yi just knows that this guy's strength is extraordinary, and even Xiao Yi feels that Alice is not using her full strength.

"Let me do it, after all, as your elder brother, you have to show some arrogance, otherwise how can you shock Zhu Xiong?"

Xiao Yan swayed casually, and immediately stretched out under the gaze of countless people, as if he was just telling an inconspicuous thing.

"Well... be careful."

Seeing the firm look in Xiao Yan's eyes, Xiao Yi could only nod helplessly, and then, without saying much, left the altar barrier and swept towards the center.

"The little beast who ruined my good things!!!"

When Alice saw this, her eyes were scarlet, and she still looked like a noble princess. That kind of hatred gesture with claws and claws roared like a wild beast, and there was no politeness in her tone.

"Second Elder, it seems inappropriate for Xiao Yan's move in the south?"

"This human being first provoked the authority of our fire elves, and now he has disrupted the rules we made. I suggest that he be arrested and killed!"

Seeing Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi being so arrogant, Diff, the chief of the western tribe, couldn't help raising his head and said to the second elder Ma Lin, who was in charge of the overall situation.

In the second battle between Princess Alice and Xiao Yi, the outcome was undecided, Xiao Yan ran out to disrupt the situation, which made them all hate Xiao Yan very much.

"…"

When Ma Lin heard the words, her body trembled slightly, but she didn't say much.

If Xiao Yan was just a nameless generation, he would kill him if he killed him, but Xiao Yan is Xiao Yi's second brother. Whether it is Xiao Yi or Xiao Yan, the holy flame in the body is very necessary for today's fire elves. Without such a thing, I am afraid that the evil diseases in the fire elves family will be difficult to cure.

This is also one of the reasons why the patriarch of the Fire Elf clan did not come forward to preside over it.

The Fire Elves were indeed eroded by something, as Xiao Yan had guessed. The three major electoral contests held today are naturally to select people with extraordinary talents and enter the holy land of the clan to solve those problems.

"Ha ha."

"The election of the three major tribes was made clear before the competition started. There are three people in each tribe. The one who supports them until the last one wins. The reason why I took action was because I was eager to protect my brother. After all, Princess Alice is a dignified reincarnation rank."

"It's like this now, Xiaoyi is defeated, it's my turn, Princess Alice shouldn't have any opinions, right?"

Xiao Yan said without a smile.

"This guy... is he crazy?"

"The tyrannical Lord Xiaoyi has the blessing of Samsara, and he can't defeat Princess Alice. This mere human being in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals has the courage to provoke Princess Alice?"

Hearing Xiao Yan's arrogant and arrogant voice, all the elf powerhouses looked at each other in dismay, as if they had heard a big joke!

Xiao Yan's actions like this are no different from sending him to death!

"Don't waste my time."

"And don't think that I dare not kill you because of the verbal order of the second elder Ma Lin."

"The holy flame is a sacred relic of the Great Thousand Worlds, and it is nothing but a waste when it falls into your hands."

Alice heard the words and temporarily regained some sanity. The most urgent task now is to compete for the position of the next clan leader of the fire elf. As for Xiao Yi, as long as she successfully seizes the throne, there will naturally be countless ways to obtain the seal of reincarnation in the future, so there is no need to worry about it. Small loses big.

"Hehe, I won't bother Princess Alice to worry about it."

"Just today, I'm going to ask Princess Alice about the fire control method of the fire elves. I don't know if it's Princess Alice's fire control method, or my holy flame is better!"

As Xiao Yan spoke, a strong scorching aura spread from all over his body. Although his voice was flat, it contained an invisible pressure In this case, the third battle began! "

"The southern tribe and the western tribe are the last people. If you lose, you will lose your qualifications for this competition."

Seeing this, the second elder Ma Lin smiled lightly, his originally closed eyes suddenly opened, staring at the two in the field, while the sleeves were waving, countless storms appeared around the barrier, and the barrier was stabilized.

"Second Elder, will this be superfluous?"

"The first reincarnation stage and the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, the battle between the two is not at all interesting to watch. In my opinion, the speed of this battle will be unprecedentedly fast."

"Who knows, maybe Second Elder Ma Lin is overthinking it."

"This human looks super weak, why can he obtain holy flame..."

In the center of the altar, muttering voices sounded, obviously no one looked down on Xiao Yan, after all, the gap between the two was really too big.

That is a reincarnation stage, not a reincarnation stage!

Among the elves, the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal is Consummate, the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal is Consummate Touching Reincarnation, the Reincarnation Rank, and the First Reincarnation Rank, which have troubled countless geniuses, and the four levels are also the most difficult to cross.

It seems weak, it seems only a word difference, but its power and strength are vastly different, like a gap that is insurmountable!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: