Chapter Vol 4 982: ups and downs

Just when Xiao Yan was excited, other places in Xuehe Town also had other sleepless people.

"Elder Ye, I..." Tian Xing, the residence of the Xuanling royal family, said with a guilty face.

"Tianxing, you weren't so quick and utilitarian in the past." Ye Mo said calmly, sitting on the first place, sipping a sip of tea in his hand.

"It's all my fault that my subordinate was confused by that little **** Mu Yingying, and Yin almost made a big mistake." Tian Xing also knew that Ye Mo was not easy to provoke, and immediately showed weakness.

"Yan Chi and Mu Yingying are both Saint Flame converted to human beings. Even if they kill any of them, they can obtain Saint Flame, but this is Xuehe Town, not Xuehejian, do you understand?" Ye Mo put it down. Tea in hand, glaring at Tianxing.

Although this Tianxing is not cautious enough to do things, but his talent is good, otherwise he would not be called one of the four heavens.

"This subordinate understands!" Tian Xing is so clever, he naturally understands what Ye Mo said.

Ye Mo's words should be that this is Xuehe Town. If you do it here, you will undoubtedly fall the handle and wait until you enter the blood river. If you can kill one of them, then for Shengyan, naturally will be in your own hands.

"Elder Ye, will Yan Chi also go?" Tian Xing seemed to have no idea what Ye Mo said just now and asked.

"Of course it will."

"Yanchi has been imprisoned by the Xuanling Emperor for so many years, and his body has become hidden. If it is better to cure it this time, I am afraid that it will stop for a lifetime." Ye Mo smiled.

"Hey, since that's the case, then these two holy flames are probably in our bag." Tian Xing said with a gloomy smile.

"This time King Xuanling gave a death order, and none of the people in the Burning Incense Pavilion will be spared."

"Especially the seven in the Heavenly Palace and that Xiao Yan's kid."

"Do a good job in the aftermath. The last time I dealt with Yin Tong did a good job." Ye Mo said.

"My subordinates take orders." After Tian Xing finished speaking, he watched Ye Mo slowly leave.

"Three brothers, who can get this holy flame in the end, I'm afraid it depends on their own abilities." Tian Xing finished speaking, and smiled maliciously.

As for the other super sects in Blood River Town, they slept extremely smoothly, waiting for the sect competition to be fully opened tomorrow.

Xuehe Town is located on the edge of the Xuanling Continent. As for the Xuehejian, it is connected to the Xuehe Continent of the Ghost Realm while being close to the Xuehe Town of the Xuanling Continent. The Xuehejian is just in the middle.

On the Blood River Continent.

"How's it going?" On the top of a hill, there were gloomy and eerie tombstones everywhere, and a man with fierce eyes said, behind the man, there seemed to be an extremely eerie shadow.

"Lord Tomb Digger Ghost Immortal, I don't know what happened."

"After the Dark Night Ghost was connected to the Xuanling Continent by the Xuanling Emperor, the Xuanling Emperor suddenly died suddenly, and the Dark Night Ghost was also chased by the Xuantian super sect powerhouse, and has now escaped back, but because of this Greatly damaged."

"As for the matter of attacking Xuan Santian, it was rejected by him." The Dark Crow Ghost Emperor said respectfully.

"Oh?"

"This Dark Night Ghost Immortal has always had a soft spot for Xuantian, why did he suddenly give up?"

"I'm afraid there are some secrets in this." Tomb Digger Ghost Immortal heard the words, her body was slightly straight, and her toes stood on a tombstone, thinking.

"Master Hui, according to the information obtained by the subordinate, it seems to be related to the sudden death of Emperor Xuanling."

"Dark Night Ghost Immortal has a good relationship with Solomon and Xuan Linghuang during the Xuansan three days. Many times, Dark Night Ghost Immortal is behind him."

"The sudden death of Emperor Xuanling seems to be related to the interior of the Emperor Xuanling, but no information has been obtained from his subordinates."

"Moreover, Solomon and the Xuanling Royal Family have always had a good relationship because of the ghosts and spirits in the dark night. However, the relationship between the two forces has been like water and fire recently. I'm afraid there is something wrong." The Dark Crow Ghost Emperor said slowly.

"It seems that this King Xuanling is not a vegetarian."

"I'm afraid it has changed due to the entanglement of the ghosts in the dark night for so many years." said the tomb-digger ghosts.

"Moreover, according to what my subordinates have learned, it seems that the Xuanling royal family has the taste of the blood demon clan." After a while, the Dark Crow Ghost Emperor spoke up.

"what?"

"Blood Demons?"

"This Xuanling royal family actually colluded with foreign evil clans?" Tomb Digger Ghost Immortal heard the words, and couldn't help but be slightly surprised.

Whether it is the human world, the ghost world, or even the seven worlds, the hatred of the evil races outside the realm can be learned from the world. If the Xuanling Emperor colluded with the evil races outside the domain, then everyone in the seven worlds would be punished.

"Is there any conclusive evidence?" Tomb Digger Ghost Immortal Zaidu said.

"Not at the moment, but since the sudden death of the Xuanling Emperor, almost all the powerhouses have skyrocketed in strength. The power of Qin Tianbanxian, the head of the Dragon Addiction Legion, has skyrocketed to a one-star Dou Xian, and the nine-star Dou Emperor's Ye Mo has also reached At the half-immortal level, even the Xuanling King's strength has reached a one-star fighting immortal." The Dark Crow Ghost Emperor said.

"Hey, it's fun now."

"I didn't expect that the ancestors of the Xuanling royal family were so wise that they would be destroyed in the hands of a younger generation." Tomb Digger Ghost Immortal said.

"Where did Qianying Ghost Immortal say?" Tomb Digger Ghost Immortal asked Zaidu.

"Qianying Guixian also refused the invitation to attack together."

"Although they tried their best to hide, their subordinates knew that it seemed that Blood Rose had returned and brought a lot of news to Qianying Ghost Immortal, so they gave up." The Dark Crow Ghost Emperor said.

"Sure enough." Tomb Digger Ghost Immortal seemed to have expected it long ago said.

"Sir, what should we do now?" The Dark Crow Ghost Emperor said.

"Tomorrow is the day when the Xuantian three-day sect competition begins."

"Even if the two ghosts don't make a move, we can't sit still."

"Pass my order, the seven ghost generals and the three commanders will be together."

"This time, it's just to enter the blood river. If we find the iron proof that the real Xuanling royal family colluded with the evil tribes outside the territory, we can blatantly attack Xuantiantian." Tomb Digging Ghost Immortal said.

"Your lord is wise." The Tomb Digger Ghost Immortal had just finished speaking, and the Dark Crow Ghost Emperor was relieved.

The strength of the Xuanling royal family has skyrocketed, and the other two ghosts have also begun to retreat. If they attack Xuantian at this time, I am afraid that it is no different from sending death.

But if there is iron evidence that the Xuanling royal family colluded with the evil races outside the territory, then the tomb-digger ghosts may use this evidence to crusade Xuan Santian. Wouldn't it be beautiful at that time?

"King Xuanling, King Xuanling."

"Just a junior, the sinister and treacherous foreign evil clan is not something you can imagine as a junior. This time Xuan Santian will usher in a real disaster." After the grave-digger ghosts finished speaking, the place will be quiet by then. .

In the distant Xuantian three days, in a rather dilapidated ancient temple, the three characters of Astrology Valley hung at the entrance of the ancient temple. In the ancient temple, an old man in a Taoist robe watched as several stars flew down in the night sky. The meteor, slowly opened his mouth.

"Samsung Lianyu, fear of human disaster!"

"Xiao Yan, whether this time is dead or alive, it depends on your fortune." The old man's voice was full of vicissitudes.

The foreshadowing is over, the sect competition begins!

There will be an outbreak at the end of the month, and then it will be stable for the second time. Let's have a good New Year.

Say it after the new year!