Chapter Vol 4 1102: cross the catastrophe

"Huhu."

"It's almost there." Three days have passed since then. When dawn scattered in the sky, Xiao Yan's pupils slowly opened at this moment.

"Is the Nine-Star Dou Emperor at the peak of the first turn..."

"It seems that the sacrifice of the little girl and the exercises in Xiao Yan's body are quite tacit, and the strength has skyrocketed so much." The Soul Eater Lord on the side smiled slowly, obviously for the exercises in Xiao Yan's body, or more Or at least know something.

The Master of Soul Eater knew that Xiao Yan was only in the middle stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor. After Mu Yingying sacrificed, he broke through directly to the first-rank Nine-Star Dou Emperor. The span of this, if he cultivated normally, would probably not be a few decades. It cannot be cultivated.

"Senior, there is still a sun in this ghost world?" Xiao Yan just opened his eyes and immediately looked at the sun hanging high outside the soul barrier, and couldn't help asking.

"You're stupid."

"I told you that the ghost world is basically the same as the human world. Although there are places in the ghost world where the sky is not visible all day long, there are very few such places." The Lord of Soul Eater couldn't help but scolded with a smile.

"So it is." Xiao Yan heard the words, smiled relievedly, and immediately prepared to devour the holy flame.

"Now that the Nine Stars Dou Di is turned around, I don't know how far I can reach by swallowing the Ghost Face Soul Flame." Xiao Yan said slightly.

After Xiao Yan's strength reached the Nine Star Dou Emperor, he knew that in the nine ranks, every level was to neutralize the power of life and death in the body, so relying on the power of Ghost Face and Soul Flame alone might not be enough for him to successfully advance. Dou Xian.

"Forget it, let's take one step at a time."

"Now it's better to go through the death calamity of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor first, so that the power of death in the body is enriched. Otherwise, there is no power of life and death, and swallowing the holy flame will not help." Xiao Yan noticed in his heart, and immediately prepared to start.

"This guy..." The Soul Eater said casually, then stared at Xiao Yan and said.

"If you want to cross the calamity, don't stay here, otherwise the attraction of something like holy flame is too strong." The Master of Soul Eater said hurriedly as he watched Xiao Yan prepare to start.

"Where are you going?" Xiao Yan questioned.

"Holy Flame Space."

"In the past, your strength was not enough for the Nine-Star Dou Emperor, and you couldn't stimulate the real wonder of the Holy Flame Space."

"Now that you have reached your strength, you only need to activate the source of holy flame, and you can easily activate the secrets." said the Lord of Soul Eater.

"What's the secret of the Holy Flame Space?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking, because what Xiao Yan knew was that fighting in the Holy Flame Space would increase his own strength and weaken the power of others.

"The Holy Flame Space is similar to a domain, but in addition, it has a rather mysterious place."

"Time flies slowly."

"One day inside and ten days outside."

"However, this also has enough drawbacks. You can only enter for a month at a time, and you need to cultivate for a long time before you can enter again." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"A day is worth ten days?"

"That month, isn't it a year?" Xiao Yan was a little surprised. If it wasn't for Soul Eater, he would not have known about such a secret.

"Stop talking nonsense and go quickly."

"It's up to you to go through the death calamity of the Eight-Star Dou Di and swallow the holy flames. It's up to you." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Okay." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded secretly, and then his dark pupils flickered suddenly, a khaki-yellow holy flame emerged, and then Xiao Yan's figure disappeared out of thin air. When Du appeared, he had already arrived in an independent space.

"A month outside, a year inside, a year should be enough for this little guy to succeed."

"Since I've come to the ghost world, some of my things should also start."

"I'll also go and see what the mystery of this Ghost King Ridge is." After the Lord of Soul Eater finished speaking, he laid a tyrannical barrier in this cave, and then turned into a black air, facing the depths of the mountain and forest. go.

"This place is really a good place." Xiao Yan had just poured into the Holy Flame space, and suddenly felt the slow passage of time here, just as the Master of Soul Eater said.

In the past, Xiao Yan's strength was too weak, and even when he entered the Holy Flame Space, he didn't find anything unusual, but after stepping into the Nine-Star Dou Emperor at this time, Xiao Yan was able to spy out many secrets in the Holy Flame Space.

"Forget it, let's hurry up." After carefully feeling that there was no change in the Holy Flame space, Xiao Yan said.

"Eight-star Dou Emperor is dead..." At this time, Xiao Yan's breath had soared to the peak of Nine-Star Dou Emperor, and then he shouted slightly towards the top of the holy flame space.

"Crash!" At that time, a fierce thunder suddenly appeared above the sacred flame space, and the aura was so turbulent that even Xiao Yan couldn't help but look solemn.

At this level of thunder, Xiao Yan did not know why it would break through the shackles of space and appear directly in the sacred flame space, but Xiao Yan knew that this death catastrophe was caused by himself. Born out of the power of death, otherwise some are nonsense.

"Eight-star Dou Di calamity really isn't that easy." Xiao Yan finished speaking with a slight smile on the corner of his mouth, and then two Saint Flame Crystals appeared in his hand, a steady stream of holy flame power suddenly confronted the flames above the holy flame space. Eight-star Dou Di robbery.

For other people, the death calamity of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor was like a disaster, but for Xiao Yan, who had the Saint Flame Heart and two Saint Flames at this time, it was quite easy.

"Boom boom boom!" The death robbery shrouded in the sacred flame space was a splendid thunder cloud. One after another fierce lightning came directly from it, and shot towards Xiao Yan suddenly.

"Pfft." And when the tyrannical lightning was about to attack Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan's body flashed blue flames and khaki yellow at the same time, and instantly defended him away.

"If it weren't for the two holy flames, I'm afraid it would be quite difficult to deal with the death catastrophe... But now..." Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and then the tyrannical flames attacked the death catastrophe directly.

"Crash!" Although Death Tribulation is tyrannical, this is the sacred flame space after all, and Xiao Yan has two kinds of sacred flames in his body It didn't take long before it completely dissipated.

At that time, with the disappearance of the death calamity, the Dou Qi in Xiao Yan's body also fluctuated violently, and a black aura suddenly evolved!

With such a strong power of death, the rank has reached the ninth rank!

The power of death is black, and it is also divided into rank 1 to rank 9. In Xiao Yan's body, the energies of life and death are slowly being evenly matched, and they are all at the highest rank of rank 9.

"Huhu."

"Next, it's time to devour the ghost face and soul flame." Xiao Yan felt that the power of life and death filled in his body was of the ninth rank. Xiao Yan had self-confidence. Just relying on the rank of the power of life and death, he was able to match the power of life and death alone. The second-rank nine-star Dou Xian competes against each other, and even some third-rank nine-star Dou Di are not afraid at all!

"Three Flame Flowers, Xu Shengdan and Blood Spirit Ice Liquid."

"And Holy Flame Crystal." Xiao Yan sensed the power of life and death in his body, and smiled slowly.

The perfect fusion of life and death, compressing the battle qi sea and condensing the core of the battle, is to truly step into the level of fighting immortals, and the reason why the Nine Star Dou Emperor has nine sub-levels is that it is divided according to the degree of fusion of the power of life and death.

"Although time passes slowly here, I am afraid it will take a lot of time to devour the holy flame."

"Let's start." Xiao Yan muttered, because he knew that Ghost Face Soul Flame was not as simple as Huoxin Tianyan before. After all, Huoxin Tianyan was stored in the second place by their Xiao Clan Xiao Mu in order to guard the extraterritorial evil clan. , so Xiao Yan swallowed it up very easily.