Chapter Vol 4 2012: dog!

"Okay, let's talk about the rest after the ancients settle it." After the two of them had been lingering for a while, Xiao Yan said in a serious manner. But there is no other way to do something wrong.

The most urgent task now is naturally how to solve this catastrophe among the ancients.

There are only three of them here. On the other hand, there are countless powerful people from outside the realm, and even the top-level powerful people don't know how many, and they are worried for a while.

"It's been decades since I entered the Holy Land. During this period, I was absorbing the power left by the seniors of the ancient clan. I really don't know what happened outside." Xun'er shook her head and said, but with her Eight-star Fighting Immortal-level power In addition to the breath of the holy flame, I vaguely felt a breath of disgust, but I couldn't say it specifically.

"You really don't know?" Xiao Yan was also unable to shake his head, obviously the situation was becoming more difficult now.

Xun'er's strength in the middle stage of the Eight-star Dou Xian, plus Sheng Yan, is enough to deal with the general Eight-star Dou Xian in the late stage of the evil clan, but what Xiao Yan is most worried about is that there are too many top powerhouses in the army of the evil clan. It's too difficult for them.

"Brother Xiao Yan, what's wrong with the outside world?" Xun'er asked in a soft voice, slender jade holding Xiao Yan's broad palm and comforting.

"The ancient clan, and the entire ancient world, including the places where the core members of the ancient clan lived, the ancient prison and other places in the ancient world, have been completely ruled by foreign evil clans."

"They are raising the ancient people in captivity, extracting their soul bodies, and controlling their bodies. According to the information I got, they seem to be 'creating kings'." Xiao Yan spoke quietly, but his voice was filled with a rare sound. The solemnity of this kind of terrifying scene, the five holy flames on Xiao Yan's body are already a bit difficult to deal with, even if he uses the power of the devil, there is no certainty of victory.

"What?" Hearing Xiao Yan finish speaking, Xun'er's delicate body suddenly shook, an indescribable shock swept out, and a faint trace of anger emerged from her beautiful eyes. Most of the favors, even before entering the Holy Land, were criticized by many elders of the ancient clan, but she absorbed the power of the ancestors of the ancient clan and guarded the territory of the ancient clan, which has become an inescapable responsibility.

"Before, in order to enter the Holy Land, I ventured into the ancient prison, rescued Father Gu Yuan and your master, the Peerless Heavenly Emperor, and captured one of the three giants guarding the ancient prison, Snake and Scorpion Xue'er, but other outsiders Clan, there is nothing I can do..." Xiao Yan shook his head.

"Brother Xiao Yan, let's go."

"I have a way to let the so-called snake and scorpion blood'er reveal the information they know one by one. After stealing their information, the ancients will take it back by us." After a while, Xun'er also knew the importance of the matter. , smiled quietly, two small dimples appeared, very charming, slender jade held Xiao Yan, and went down, just above the delicate body, a calmness emerged.

Fortunately, after working so hard for so long, this time I can finally catch up with Brother Xiao Yan a little bit, and I can help him.

However, Xun'er knew that although Xiao Yan's strength was only a Seven Star Fighting Immortal, his real combat power would definitely not be much weaker than his own.

"Father, Master." After a few minutes, Xun'er and Xiao Yan also came to the pool where a few people were cultivating at ease, Xun'er said politely.

"It's fine." Gu Yuan and Peerless Heavenly Emperor looked at each other and didn't say much.

"Father and Master, you can restore your fighting spirit with peace of mind. I'm afraid there will be a real fierce battle waiting for us." Xun'er said with a smile.

"Well, then we need a lot of time to recover our strength, and the rest of the interrogation is up to you." After Gu Yuan and the Peerless Heavenly Emperor finished speaking, the two of them were blank, closed their eyes slightly, and tried their best to reply to their fighting qi.

"This guy is one of the three giants guarding the ancient prison, with a late-stage strength of the Eight-Star Dou Xian, and the blood of a snake and scorpion."

"I was fortunate enough to capture her. I originally planned to explore the information of the entire ancient world, but unexpected holy flames, soul power, and many other means could not really endanger her." Xiao Yan looked at the vicious snake and scorpion in front of him. blood, he said.

"Eight-star fighting immortals late stage snake and scorpion blood..."

"It is indeed a bit tricky, but leave it to me." Xun'er smiled lightly, and immediately raised her jade-like hand like suet and white jade, and a golden black fire pattern gently emerged from her body and diffused out.

"Weng Om!" For a while, Xiao Yan's body was also turned upside down. Obviously, this high-ranked holy flame made Xiao Yan quite jealous.

"Little slut!!!" Looking at Xun'er who was close at hand and the golden flame in the shape of a golden crow in his palm, the snake and scorpion **** roared, the gloomy killing intent was undoubtedly on display, but this terrifying power was coming to Xun'er. When he was around, he was quietly swallowed up by the golden flames in an instant!

"You are the evil creature who has explored the Holy Land many times, and you want to enter it to obtain the holy flame." The golden crow-shaped holy flame was slowly baked, and the void around the blood of the snake and scorpion was directly shattered, and a thick sacred aura, emerge.

"So what?"

"If you want to kill or slash, please listen and respect!" Snake and Scorpion Xue'er said extremely impatiently.

It is true that the alien races ruled the entire ancient world, but the three giants of the ancient prison and the guys who control the core area of ​​the ancient world do not seem to be going all the way. Entering the Holy Land, sealing the holy flame, and stealing countless treasures here, Xun'er noticed some.

"Tell me everything you know." After a while, Xun'er didn't give the snakes and scorpions any chance. The nine golden crows quietly crawled around their heads, with a touch of ancient aura, like an indifferent contempt. The true king of the world is extremely domineering!

That kind of breath is unparalleled, it shakes the blood of the snake and scorpion, making it unable to resist can only worship it quietly, so the traces of information memory, also follow the memory of the blood of the snake and scorpion, pouring into the Xun'er In my mind, but this huge information, even if it is received, it will take a lot of time to digest.

"It seems that there are really some unknown things." Seeing Xun'er like this, Xiao Yan breathed a sigh of relief. As long as the information is available, the next step will be formulated.

They are few in number, and they have to fight every step of the way, otherwise this time they are very likely to die without a burial place.

"No, now the power of the four-color holy flame amber rock soul fire has become a little weaker. It is better to take advantage of this period of time to fully integrate the immortal flame."

"The new flame of the five-color holy flame, coupled with the strength of the battle formation master, I am afraid that this ancient catastrophe will have a chance to resolve."

"You girl, how can your strength become so terrifying, but the husband will not lose." Xiao Yan laughed heartily, the amber flame in the body and the immortal flame began to merge, and even the spiritual power in the body was also slowly. of strengthening.

For a time, in the entire Holy Land, Xiao Yan and the peerless Heavenly Emperor Gu Yuan were replying to strengthen their strength, Xun'er probed into the mind of the snake and scorpion blood'er, and in obtaining memory information, the division of labor and cooperation between the four seemed quite impressive. It went well, but in the outside world, the Son of Light ignited the catastrophe in this ancient prison in advance.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: