Chapter 17: trade!

"Vice-chairman calm down, the kid is just used to it, he's not used to this kind of restraint, so I'm going to let you all down." Xiao Yan looked at Bai Ruo apologetically.

"Hahaha! You really don't have to worry about it!" Bai Su hurriedly grabbed his younger brother Bai Ruo, who was just too impatient, and the haste is not enough.

"Little friend Xiao Yan, listen to me, you can rest assured that the enshrined elder of our Qingcheng Alchemist Association can also be a temporary post, not necessarily to stay in the association."

"Moreover, the association's worshiping elders have status and status wherever they go, and it is extremely convenient to buy some medicinal herbs." Bai Su accompanied him with a smile.

Bai Su is an old fox. Looking at Xiao Yan's achievements at a young age, his future achievements are limitless! Hence the invitation.

"Little friend Xiao Yan, what do you think?"

"Okay, I'll join, but let's just say it's just a name." Xiao Yan also knew that he was a first-timer on the ramp, and joining Qingcheng's Alchemist Association's worship elder could indeed bring him a lot of help, so he agreed, but Xiao Yan agreed. Yan is really not suitable to be an elder, at best, he is a hands-off shopkeeper...

"You little bastards, don't hurry up and refine the medicine. What insights do you have after watching it for so long? Go to retreat for me. You can see other people, Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan are watching you." Bai Su marveled at Xiao Yan at the bottom of the steps. The members of the Yan's Association shouted loudly.

When the people under the steps heard this, they were still a little unconvinced, secretly saying that it was unfair, but who made others Xiao Yan have the strength to make the president eccentric? Immediately had to leave.

"Then it's such a pleasant decision. I'll go and register it for you. It really takes a lot of time to refine the imperial medicine pills. Bai Ruo, take them to the restroom to rest." Bai Su said while saying.

"Follow me." Bai Ruo did not dare to refute, and immediately took Xiao Yan and the others to the lounge.

"That's it, you all go in and rest for a while, then the president will come over. If you need anything, just call me directly." Bai Ruo led Xiao Yan and the others for a while, walked to a room that looked a little delicate, and opened it. The door was busy with his own business.

"Hello, Xiao Yan, my name is Yueru, it's a pleasure to meet you." Xiao Yan and Qing Yuan had just pushed in the door. He first heard a sweet voice, and then saw a three thousand green silk with silver hair. Falling down, a delicate palm stretched out to a girl who smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Um?"

"Qing Yuan, have we gone to the wrong place?" Xiao Yan looked at Qing Yuan behind him with some confusion. What kind of trouble is this? Unfortunately, Qing Yuan was also at a loss.

"Wait! You didn't go wrong." Yue Ru hurriedly said, because Xiao Yan and the others seemed to be leaving, she originally thought that she would greet Xiao Yan very well, and then...how did she expect that Xiao Yan would simply not follow suit? Routine play.

"Miss Yueru, right? Do you have anything to do with me?" Xiao Yan looked at the woman named Yueru and said, this is the internal lounge of the Alchemist Association, and the people who can enter here are either powerful or powerful people. .

"Then I won't speak secretly. I just watched your alchemist assessment, and I know from the president that you have another purpose for your visit this time, to find the emperor-level dragon demon core." Yue Ru He did not shy away from saying it directly, how could someone who can pass the examination of an imperial alchemist be an ordinary person with a strange treasure?

"I need your flame, in other words, I need the fire spirit on you to do something. Of course, this so-called thing is just my family affairs, and I won't let you kill people and set fires."

"Our Yue family will give you a reward that will satisfy you, and although we don't have the dragon demon core you need, we have accurate information." Yue Ru couldn't help but look at Xiao Yan with a bit of moving in her eyes. Not much, before finding Fire Elf's own father...

"Oh?" Xiao Yan also thought about it seriously. Dragons have always been high-ranking creatures. Even other beasts with dragon bloodlines are poor. The girl in front of me actually has news of dragon beasts. Then the background Not easy.

Although the murderer of the Mu family has already been killed by Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan still has to refine the Guben Peiyuan Pill for Qing Yuan to take, to see what the master said, and to find out what is on Qing Yuan's body. It's a secret, how can you let go of such good news now.

"How are you thinking?" Yue Ru was a little impatient. Looking at Xiao Yan who had not responded for a long time, her vindictive aura was instantly aroused. If this didn't tempt Xiao Yan, then she could only... Thinking of that, Yue Ru's cheeks couldn't help but feel uneasy. Slightly red.

"Samsung Dou Di?" Xiao Yan exclaimed. Although the three-star Dou Di didn't do much damage to him, he didn't expect that the woman in front of him was actually a strong Dou Di, so she could sit here because she was not a powerful person but a powerful person.

"What do you want to be a mere three-star Dou Di?" Xiao Yan's soul power protected Qing Yuan and shouted to Yue Ru.

"Alright, alright, don't get angry, the two of you, make money with peace." President Bai Su hurried over after registering, but she knew that Yueru and this Xiao Yan were time bombs.

"Let's close the aura first, Yueru, communicate well, you don't seem to have much time."

"Humph!" Yue Ru snorted coldly and then calmed down.

"This is your assessment medal. Remember to keep it. Also, this is a special cloak made by our Alchemist Association. You can hide your aura when you wear it on your body. Ordinary three-star fighting emperors may not be able to find it." Bai Su handed the things over to him. Xiao Yan, Yue Ru on the side seemed to be still a little angry, but looking at this scene, he realized that the man in front of him was a first-rank alchemist, and his behavior was indeed...

"I'm sorry, I..." Yueru didn't control her emotions just now. When she thought that her father's time was running out, it was difficult to find someone with a fire spirit. She originally planned to communicate well, but she was confused when she cared. It was inevitable that Yan Chichi didn't decide to be a little angry, so there was the next scene.

"I promise you, but I can't guarantee that the treatment will be successful. I can only promise to do my best." Xiao Yan also didn't know what the situation of the woman in front of him was, but after thinking about it, he agreed.

If there is no such place as the Alchemist Association, which is called the paradise of medicine refining, it would be a real pity to miss the news that Yueru had.

"You agreed?" Yue Ru obviously didn't expect Xiao Yan to be like this. There was no change in the first second, but the next second she agreed.

"My father was beaten to death by a monster because he hunted a monster. I know from some secrets that only the fire elves can save him!" Yueru also said that these are no secrets.

Father used to dote on him very much, but now his life is at stake. He was fortunate enough to meet a person who possessed a fire elf. No matter what, Yueru had to say something to dispel Xiao Yan's worries.

Qing Yuan was obviously moved by the scene of Yueru, and being able to do this for her father was enough to see that Yueru was a dutiful son.

"It's useless to talk too much, we'll find out when we get there." Xiao Yan also said solemnly, he didn't dare to guarantee such a deal, who knew what happened to her father.

"That guild leader, can you help me pay attention to the demon core of the emperor-rank dragon?" Xiao Yan obviously didn't give up, and then asked the guild leader Bai Su.

"The magic core of the emperor-grade pills no longer distinguishes the attributes, as long as the magic core of the emperor-level beast can be refined. However, the emperor-level magic core is generally priceless, and the magic core of the dragon is basically It hasn't appeared a few times, but I'll keep an eye out for you in the past few days." President Bai Su said lightly.

"Since that's the case, let's go to Yue's house first."

"Let's go, Yue Guliang will lead the way." Xiao Yan was not a procrastinator either. After the assessment was over, he agreed to Yue Ru's deal and immediately said to Yue Ru.

"Ah? You're leaving so soon?" Yue Ru was obviously taken aback by Xiao Yan's attitude, but she felt a little warmth in her heart.

"Come on, I'll lead the way."

​​