Chapter Vol 4 2177: Zen master is old!

"Puff puff!"

Before passing through the dark passage, waves of surging energy emerged from behind the door of light in the void.

At the same time as everyone walked through the golden light gate, Xiao Yan's eyes turned black, and a moment later the pitch-black world filled his pupils.

A trace of extremely terrifying ghostly roar, faint terrifying pressure, and extremely terrifying water pressure radiated from the surrounding void, causing all the forces in Xiao Yan's body to agitate at the same time!

"Guru."

Xiao Yan's heart suddenly appeared, his brows beating violently, and a shocking scene haunted his heart.

The squinted eyes had already adapted to the darkness here, and they opened them slowly, and then the vision spread everywhere, the majestic black current roared like a tide of energy, and the three of them were surrounded by endless dark currents.

The space is dead silent and dark, and countless evil forces and surging tides sway out. If the mind is not firm, in this long time, I am afraid that it is very likely to be completely lost here.

"Wong buzzing!"

Around the three of them, a golden Buddha's light bloomed with a terrifying aura, protecting them from the darkness and the pressure of the rushing river. The Buddhist scriptures formed the sound of Buddha, which was pleasing to the eye.

"Is this under the sea?"

Xiao Yan tried his best to investigate everything here, and after Shun breathed, a bold idea popped up in his mind.

"Well, the donor has really good eyesight."

The Zen master held a golden chanting stick in his hand, the zen tip rippling in the darkness, constantly overflowing with golden Buddha light to protect them.

This place is under the sea of ​​10,000 meters, and the endless repressive aura makes it hard to move. If it weren't for the resistance of the Buddha's light with the Zen staff, I am afraid that the power of reincarnation would not be able to invade this place.

In addition to the surging dark currents around him, the ups and downs are terrifying, and the feeling of unease permeates the whole body.

"This thing... Could it be the Tyrant Dragon King?"

After regaining his peace of mind, Xiao Yan raised his head and looked up. A behemoth with a body over a thousand zhang appeared in front of him. Adding the strength in his body to echo, Xiao Yan said in surprise.

The magnificent body is like a wall that stretches for thousands of miles, but on its body, there are countless scarlet bloodstains, and strange parasites on the bloodstains form faint black lines, which are particularly eye-catching.

"Boom!"

At the same time, the scales and amber flames in Xiao Yan's body were released together, protecting this golden Buddha light shield, exuding endless sacred aura and a scorching burning sensation!

Its source is those dark parasites.

That is the power of the evil race from outside the territory.

Moreover, this kind of power is the strongest person Xiao Yan has ever seen in his life, and it actually makes Xiao Yan feel a kind of long-lost tremor!

The Scales of the Underlord and the Holy Flame have shown such extreme hostility to these forces, it seems that there is something inside that makes the two forces surging!

"It's terrifying."

With saliva rolling in Xiao Yan's throat, he took a deep breath, unable to hold back a word for a long time.

The scene in front of me was too shocking and appalling.

In the dark void, the incomparably huge water flows, and the line of sight follows. In the depths where countless black parasites are entrenched, an eternal corpse stands quietly here, and countless tiny parasites on the corpse make squeaking sounds. , can't help but feel hairy, it seems that even the soul will be corroded by it!

"Donor, I believe you should have sensed that the giant creature in front of you is the body of the Dragon King Baxia. The old man is a person from the Buddha world, and he doesn't care about world affairs."

"However, he was besieged and killed by a powerhouse from an evil tribe outside the realm, and he was helped by the Dragon King, so he voluntarily left it here to help the Dragon King guard the body."

"After tens of thousands of years, I finally made me wait for you."

There was a hint of excitement in the Zen master's eyes, constantly wandering back and forth between the dark corpse and Xiao Yan.

"A double reincarnation stage..."

Xiao Yan nodded, the Zen master's strength was clear at a glance, and he also knew the purpose of this guy.

"Wait, take down the body of the Dragon King?"

It seemed that he remembered something, Xiao Yan wondered, his skin became awe-inspiring for a while, and he was oppressed.

"The Dragon King of Baxia has the strength to pass the Xuanxuan. After being imprisoned by the powerhouses of the evil clan outside the realm, the power of the source escaped, but the body was left here."

"Lord Dragon King once left a prophecy, broke through the formation he set up, and possessed the holy flame, he is a destined person, and his domineering body is obtained by this destined person."

The old Zen master twisted the Buddha beads with one hand and kept chanting the Buddhist scriptures in his mouth to resist the power of the dark tide around him. Otherwise, without his shot, the three of them would be crushed by the terrifying power here in an instant.

"Senior, this level of power is too tyrannical, I'm afraid this kid..."

Although Xiao Yan said that he was warmhearted, after weighing it, he could only shake his head.

This kind of evil parasite is probably transformed by some evil powerhouse. Once awakened, the strength of the three of them cannot be resisted.

Zheng Yulang's strength is too weak. Although the cultivation technique is special, it won't help if he can't stay here.

The Zen master's strength is only at the second level of reincarnation, and even if he joins forces with Xiao Yan, he may not be able to deal with it.

"The body of the Dragon King Tyrant is strong enough to resist any attack from the powerhouses below the fourth level of the next reincarnation."

"Also, Lord Dragon King once left a prophecy. Naturally, he has made a sure-fire plan, so the donor doesn't have to worry about it."

"All the donor needs to do is to join hands with me to fight the enemy."

The Zen master was extremely quiet, as if he was just telling an extremely easy thing, and the meaning behind him was extremely clear.

"Resist the quadruple reincarnation powerhouse?"

Xiao Yan said in surprise, but it seems impossible to use common sense to infer the body left by such a strong person. Xiao Yan always felt that this line of business was deliberately arranged.

"Before that, there is still a good fortune for the donor, waiting for the end of the matter, I need the donor's help to kill this demon."

The Zen master said, while speaking, on the palm of his hand, traces of bright blue flames flickered like a clever elves.

The cyan flame is like fire but not fire But the power contained in it is definitely the power of the Dragon King!

This power echoes something in Xiao Yan's body.

That's Burning Jue!

"What is this……"

Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and the burning in his body swelled like crazy, and he released endless greed towards the flames on the palm of the Zen master!

"This is something left by the Dragon King, and it is given to those who are destined."

"Donor, take it."

As soon as the Zen master finished speaking, the blue flame was like a wild horse running away from its rein, and it instantly rose and fell off, heading towards Xiao Yan's body.

"Wong buzzing!"

The cyan flame just touched Xiao Yan's body, and waves of extremely rich energy ripples were released uncontrollably.

"This thing... actually..."

At the same time, Fen Jue, which had never changed in Xiao Yan's body, started to turn strangely.

As for the Buddha's Light Shield, the endless darkness of the void also began to flow, and a sense of distortion emerged, and the countless dark parasites above the lower body were waking up step by step.

When these parasites wake up, I am afraid this place will completely evolve into this human purgatory!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: