Chapter Vol 4 936: Cultivation 7 Breaking the Sky Ruler

"It's really a splendid training room." Xiao Yan's figure sat directly in the training room, and then spoke slowly.

The space in this training room is huge, and there are a lot of Emperor Qi pouring in from all directions. For practitioners, it has a lot of effects to improve the speed of training.

"It's better to be safe." Although the safety of this training room is high, Xiao Yan still set up a soul barrier for the sake of safety. After all, the Xiao family is quite taboo on the Doudi Continent, so Xiao Yan naturally wants to Be careful.

"Since everything for resurrecting the ancestors is now ready, don't be in a hurry."

"In half a year, I'll first practice the Seventh Layer Breaking Sky Ruler and Shifting Sky Ruler, and then open the scrolls in the Bright Moon Ruins to prepare for the sect competition."

"After that, the ancestors will be resurrected." Xiao Yan thought about his plan and then said.

Although I was very much looking forward to the secrets of the Xiao Clan, but for the sake of the sect competition, I had to hold back my excitement first.

"The power of the Seventh Level Breaking Sky Ruler should not be underestimated. Today, in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di, I can barely learn the Sixth Ruler."

"If you work hard, the seventh foot is not a bad idea."

"In addition to the fighting technique of moving the sky ruler, which combines auxiliary attacks."

"I'm afraid that after I really master it, the eight-star Dou Emperor and below, as long as there are no accidents, it is estimated that it is difficult to meet an opponent." Xiao Yan said in his heart.

"If that's the case, let's start." Xiao Yan made up his mind and immediately took off the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire and held it in the palm of his hand, slowly pouring pure power into it.

"Strange, isn't this holy flame and the emperor's flame incompatible..." When Xiao Yan was just preparing to practice, he used the power in his body to discover this strange thing.

Ever since he devoured the holy flame, Xiao Yan had slightly tried to use the holy flame to fuse with the emperor's flame, but he had no choice but to fail.

The feeling of fusion is like two things that are incompatible with each other. If they were to be fused together, Xiao Yan would probably explode and die.

However, Xiao Yan was also puzzled. Although Sheng Yan was more terrifying than Emperor Yan, Emperor Yan was the product of the fusion of as many as twenty-three kinds of different fires. How could the fusion be so difficult.

"When I was in the Dou Qi Continent, the fusion of different fires was a big killer, but now I use the fusion of Di Yan and Sheng Yan, this kind of attack seems to be no good." Xiao Yan shook his head slowly, and then he didn't think about this issue anymore. Prepare to practice the Seventh Level Breaking Heaven Ruler.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler."

"One-foot, three-step swimming ruler."

"Two feet of waves stack up to a thousand."

"Three-foot-footed Shadows

"Four-foot-shattering ruler."

"Five feet imprisoned in the sky."

"Six feet away."

"Seven feet breaking the sky!" Xiao Yan sat down calmly, and the training method of the seventh layer breaking the sky echoed in his mind.

Although these seven-layered sky-shattering rulers are only low-level fighting skills of the immortal rank, they are all seven feet together, and their power is close to the fighting skills of the holy rank, so Xiao Yan also wants to use it as a killer.

"My current strength, in the early stage of Seven Star Dou Di, should be able to barely cultivate to the sixth level."

"As for the seventh level, I'm afraid it will require the strength of the Eight-star Dou Di..." Xiao Yan said after feeling it in his heart. Although Xiao Yan can also forcefully display the seventh foot, the price is quite expensive, so it is not worth it. As a last resort, Xiao Yan would not act rashly.

"When I was in the Bright Moon Ruins before, I used the first five feet. In the next time, I will review the first five feet first, and then learn the sixth level!" I had a plan in my heart, and then I didn't hesitate.

one day.

Two days.

Five days passed.

For the past five days, Xiao Yan has been working hard in the training room to cultivate the first five feet of the seventh-layer sky-shattering ruler, and the progress has been rapid. I am afraid that now, just relying on the first five feet, he is not afraid to deal with some mid-stage Seven Star Dou Emperor powerhouses.

"It's time." Xiao Yan slowly recovered his breath, and then sensed the dazzling ancient ruler of different fire on the palm of his hand, and said.

Xiao Yan seemed to know that the ancient ruler of the different fires born from the fusion of the different fires is not simple, but the secret of his life experience, I am afraid it will be difficult to find out for a while.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky... the sixth one!"

"Hua Li!" A light hum slightly erupted from Xiao Yan's mouth, and then the entire training room became extremely unstable!

And above the wide ruler of Yihuo Henggu, a silent power suddenly emerged!

"Go!" Xiao Yan tried his best to suppress his strength, and then walked away towards a rock not far in front of him.

"Boom boom boom." In a blink of an eye, the rock turned into powder!

"This sixth foot is really terrifying." Xiao Yan was extremely shocked when he took back the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng.

The seven-layered sky-breaking ruler really lived up to its reputation.

Just the power generated by this sixth foot, Xiao Yan has no doubt that it is comparable to the pinnacle of immortal-level fighting skills!

Feeling a little excited in his heart, he immediately started to practice. Following Xiao Yan's practice, his mastery of the seventh-layered sky-shattering ruler became even more perfect!

"There are so many secrets in this kid. I never imagined that this method is actually something of a seven-foot wandering immortal." Within Xiao Yan's body, the soul-devouring talisman surrounded by gloomy runes suddenly made a slight sound.

"You know?" The Golden Dragon King was right next to the Soul Eater Talisman, and naturally asked out of his mouth.

"There was a relationship."

"Although the strength of this seven-footed wandering immortal is not enough to rank among the powerhouses in the Great Thousand Worlds, it has also killed a lot of foreign evil races so I have some impressions." The Lord of Soul Eater said slightly.

"Seven feet together, I'm afraid you can't handle it now, right?" The Golden Dragon King laughed when he heard this.

"I am now seriously injured, how can I..." The Soul Eater heard the words and was in a hurry, but what the Golden Dragon King said was indeed the truth. The power of seven feet is too strong to suppress himself.

"You're leaving?" After a while, the Soul Eater suddenly spoke.

"I'm going to deal with some other things." The Golden Dragon King's voice suddenly became deep, and then his tone was extremely solemn.

"I heard it a long time ago. Since the war, the dragon clan has been in chaos. It's time for you to go back." The Lord of Soul Eater seemed to know a lot, so he said.

"When I leave, I hope you will help my disciple one or two." The Golden Dragon King thought for a while, but decided to speak.

After all, no matter what, as the king of the dragon clan, the Lord of Soul Eater will definitely be a little moved.

"It's easy to say, I still hope this kid will let me recover." The Lord of Soul Eater did not shy away, one said.

"He is from the Xiao clan." The Golden Dragon King Zaidu said.

"Xiao Clan?"

"How could it be possible..." At this time, as soon as the Golden Dragon King's voice fell, the Soul Eater Lord, who was hidden in the Soul Eater Talisman, suddenly shouted!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This chapter says, one like a day~