Chapter Vol 2 836: last hit

"Is this the body of the Heavenly King Ginseng?" Xiao Yan looked at the Heavenly King Ginseng, which had already been plundered into the heavenly robbery, and couldn't help but say.

Because the Heavenly King Ginseng at this time has dissipated the human body, obviously the human body possessed by the Heavenly King Ginseng just now due to the mystery of the medicine garden, was instantly turned into nothingness under the power of the terrifying catastrophe.

Xiao Yan saw that the sky was covered with silver at this time, and a burst of silver was extremely bright, exuding a scalp-numbing catastrophe, and a milky white body slowly appeared.

That body is a medicinal material, the whole body is about the size of a finger, but the shape is four thick and three thin, which perfectly conceals the huge medicinal power hidden in the milky white body!

That is the body of Tianwang ginseng!

The body of Tianwang ginseng is a veritable ginseng.

It is no exaggeration to say that this ginseng is the king of ginseng, even though it is only the size of a finger, but the energy contained in the shape of four thick and three thin, but no one dares to underestimate, I am afraid this power alone is enough Comparable to some peak human fighting emperors!

The whole body of Tianwangshen is milky white, with four thicknesses and three thinnesses only the size of a finger. The shape is like a miniature version of herringbone, which is quite mysterious.

"Boom boom boom!" Just when Xiao Yan was surprised, the silver robbery that filled the sky instantly launched an attack on the body of Tianwang ginseng. After all, there was no cover up of the human body. If these attacks landed directly on the body, I'm afraid that destructive power can instantly kill Tianwangshen.

"Xiao Yan, help me!" Tian Wangshen also knew that although he could deal with this calamity temporarily, he still had no impulse, because he also knew that this calamity was endless. If you welcome yourself, I am afraid it will only end in failure.

"Huoxin Tianyan, go!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan frowned, but he didn't dare to hesitate. The huge soul force was capturing the location of the silver calamity at any time. After Tian Wangshen spoke, the bright khaki flame suddenly swept away. into the sky!

"Boom boom boom!" When the silver calamity was about to attack the body of the Heavenly King Ginseng, the power of the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock just appeared at the right time, and immediately resisted it.

"Shabu!" However, Xiao Yan did not let his guard down, because he knew that this was just the beginning.

"Puff."

"It's really terrifying." Xiao Yan took the calamity blow for a short time, and suddenly a mouthful of blood spurted out from the corner of his mouth.

Xiao Yan was secretly surprised at the seemingly ordinary confrontation just now.

This catastrophe is too strong, far beyond what I can handle now.

"It seems that this kid's strength is too weak to fully utilize the power of holy flame. This catastrophe will be difficult to deal with." Tian Wang Shen's body slowly thought.

Although the attack of the robbery just now was tyrannical, it was only at the beginning. If Xiao Yan couldn't hold on to such a weak attack, then the next calamity would be...

"Don't worry, I'm fine, come again." Xiao Yan wiped the blood from the corners of his mouth and spoke immediately.

"Okay!" When Tian Wangshen heard this, he immediately had a new view on the **** Xiao Yan.

"Get up!" The next moment Xiao Xiao, the golden demon puppet was summoned directly.

The reason why Xiao Yan was spitting up blood by the shock of the robbery just now was not the same as what Tian Wangshen saw, and Xiao Yan, relying on the power of holy flame, even secretly absorbed a trace of the power of the robbery from the robbery, and immediately transformed it into It is absorbed by the Golden Demon Puppet in his own body.

At first, Xiao Yan was really afraid that the Golden Demon Puppet could not bear it, but the next moment, after Xiao Yan Shengyan directly weakened the power of the Heavenly Tribulation, the power was actually absorbed by the Golden Demon Puppet!

Discovering this shocking scene, although Xiao Yan slightly vomited blood due to the riot caused by the absorption of the power of the heavenly robbery by the Golden Demon Puppet, Xiao Yan was extremely happy!

With the power of the robbery, I am afraid that the Golden Demon Puppet can evolve rapidly!

The current Golden Demon Puppet is already strong enough to deal with the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, if it is being purified, I am afraid it is enough to deal with the latter stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor or even stronger!

Thinking of this, Xiao Yan felt a little moved.

"Let's go!" After summoning the Golden Demon Puppet for a short time, Xiao Yan gave instructions to the Golden Demon Puppet directly, then without hesitation, he rushed out of the barrier and gathered towards the terrifying Heavenly Tribulation.

"This guy, is he crazy?" Tian Wangshen felt Xiao Yan's actions, and immediately became suspicious.

The power of this robbery, it is clear, it is afraid of the strength of the peak of the emperor, even if Xiao Yan has holy flame, his strength is too weak, he will still be killed by the robbery in an instant.

"Xiao Yan, get out quickly, the power of this catastrophe is too terrifying, it is definitely not something you can handle now..." Tian Wangshen said hurriedly.

"Senior, don't worry, I'm free to take countermeasures." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he and Jin Yaopup came to the calamity.

This is the most dense place in the catastrophe, the power of the catastrophe is the most concentrated, but it is undoubtedly the most dangerous place.

"Puppet?" The next moment, Tian Wangshen seemed to also feel the motionless golden demon puppet beside Xiao Yan, and immediately spoke.

Relying on the perception of the Heavenly King Ginseng, he was able to find out that this Golden Demon Puppet has no strength and no life force, but with that majestic muscle strength, I am afraid that it will not be enough to deal with some mid-stage Seven Star Dou Emperor powerhouses.

And in this puppet, there seems to be a slight fluctuation in the power of thunder, as if this guy is swallowing thunder!

"What the **** is this guy doing?" Tian Wang Shen wondered.

"let's start."

"Senior, please bring out the most powerful force of calamity, and we will destroy it with one blow." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

However, on the bodies of Xiao Yan and Jin Yaopup, there was an extremely thick layer of holy flame power.

And the golden pupils of the golden demon puppet stare greedily at the flickering power of heaven around him.

Even if Jin Yaopup is not conscious, but out of instinct, he knows that as long as he devours these thunderbolts, it will undoubtedly be of great benefit to him!

"Good boy, Since you dare to go crazy, then I will accompany you to go crazy!" Tian Wangshen didn't know why he believed in Xiao Yan, so he stopped talking, and inside his body, there was a milky **** It suddenly rose into the sky, and then went directly to the depths of the silver robbery!

"Boom boom boom!" With Tian Wang Shen doing this, the entire sky shook violently, as if something terrifying was about to be born.

"The robber..."

"Death." After a while, in the silver robbery, countless silver thunders disappeared instantly, and then condensed together and turned into a rather magnificent body. It didn't show any appearance, but the figure above it was full of waves of death.

"Death!" As soon as the last word fell, the body covered with thunder lifted up its old palm and patted the place where the body of the Heavenly King Ginseng was located!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

At that time!

Around Heavenly King Ginseng, the space collapsed, and countless forces of destruction emerged.

"Boom boom boom!" In the next moment, an astonishing silver thunderbolt broke away from the silver thunderbolt figure, and then whistled away towards the location of the Tianwang ginseng!

The speed is as fast as lightning!

Then, it is the last power of catastrophe, and it is undoubtedly the most tyrannical one!

Pass through, and you will be born.

If you fail, you will die!

five more to