Chapter 145: Set off! Xuan 3 days!

The next day, when the first ray of sunshine in the morning shone on the earth, Hu Du was already in the Yue Family Hall, and then Yue Ru and Xiao Yan were also waiting there. As soon as the others came, they would set off!

Yue Yu and Hu Du were also chatting about trivial matters, and then Yue Ru sat in the lobby and seemed a little uneasy. After all, this was the first time she had traveled far. Although she was helped by an acquaintance, Yue Yu was also extremely worried.

"Don't worry, father, I will take good care of myself..." Yueru also knew her father's thoughts, and then her lips lifted slightly.

"Yue'er, you are so old, so I don't need to worry too much. Just remember to take care of yourself when you go out. In addition, try to use as little as possible the things on your forehead, before you have enough strength and accept the inheritance." Yue Yu Also solemnly.

"Yeah." Yue Ru nodded knowingly when she heard the words, and then her slender eyes moved slightly, which was extremely beautiful.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly, wondering if his father and daughter were okay...

Minutes and seconds passed, and the people from the seven major cities also came to the Yue family one after another. After all, this was the messenger of Xuan Santian, and they did not dare to miss the opportunity.

Mueller was also the first to come to Yue's house, and then greeted Hu Du respectfully. Although Wucheng and Mu's family obviously hated that Yue's house sheltered Xiao Yan, but unfortunately this was someone else's territory, and Mueller also knew Others didn't like seeing him, so he didn't make fun of himself and found a place to sit down.

Immediately after that, Feng Yi, a woman in a colorful dress, also arrived immediately, with a rush of fire, with a faint thunder beating on her slender body.

Feng Yi just walked into the lobby of Yue's house when she saw Xiao Yan, Yue Ru and Mu Le, and then said hello to Xuan Santian's messenger, and then went straight to Xiao Yan regardless of Yue Ru's eyes. sit down.

"I haven't seen your strength increase so fast for a few days..." Feng Yi said to Xiao Yan with great interest as soon as he sat down.

Xiao Yan was also helpless about this, and then responded with a smile. After all, Xiao Yan remembered that Feng Yi possessed the two attributes of wind and thunder, and his soul strength was not weak. Although Xiao Yan is not afraid, multiple friends are better than multiple enemies.

Yue Ru, who was beside her, frowned slightly, and then stared at Feng Yi, as if she was guarding against something.

The living dead also appeared silently, their faces were pale, and those who didn't know it thought they were unwell.

After looking around, he also found a place to sit down and slowly waited for the arrival of others.

Wang Zhong also arrived, and warmly greeted everyone in the lobby.

A slender figure appeared in the lobby like a ghost, a ghost!

"This movement is really weird..." Hu Du also said.

Liu Yin and Sun Ming also came one after another.

Mu Jia Mueller!

Fenglei City Fengyi!

The Ginseng Market of the Living Dead in Hades City!

Sword King City King Bell!

The magic of the Snow Ruins Family!

Liu Yin, City of Ten Thousand Beasts!

Berserker Sun Ming!

The seven people also came to Yue's house one after another.

Seeing that everyone had arrived, Xiao Yan also carefully looked at them. The ones that impressed the most were the Berserker Sun Ming and Wang Zhong of Sword King City. Compared with them, it is not as good as either of them.

"If the seven of you arrive, adding these two, there will be nine people in total. Now that you are all here, let's go." Seeing that everyone was there, Hu Du also stood up, and then faced everyone in the lobby. road.

Everyone got up when they heard the words, and then looked at Hu Du with hot eyes.

The strength of this messenger of Xuan Santian is actually so powerful that it can be seen that the so-called Xuan Santian is a real trial ground.

Hu Du also finished speaking, then floated out of the lobby, waved his palm, and a stream of light appeared in front of everyone out of thin air.

Everyone looked up and saw the vast sky above the Yue Family Courtyard, the originally gorgeous clouds were suddenly torn apart, and the streamer waving from Hu Du's hand turned into a giant shadow that whizzed past everyone, and then quickly expanded. .

Seeing this, Xiao Yan also covered the huge soul power of his streamer, and then under Xiao Yan's perception, it seemed to be a huge container.

Everyone was far away at first and didn't know what it was. After looking carefully, they discovered that the giant shadow was actually a giant ship. The ship was engraved with some mysterious runes, as if it was protected by an invisible layer of fighting spirit. There is a majestic fluctuation of fighting spirit above.

"This item is a "ferry boat"."

"It is a tool used in our Xuan Santian to travel remotely. It can independently open up a space channel to reach Xuan Santian, save a lot of trouble, and its speed is extremely fast, just need to inject Dou Qi into it, and it can continue to flow. progress, and the vindictive energy consumed is negligible." Hu Du also laughed.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Senior, why don't you use your own vindictive energy to go on your way?" Mueller also asked in confusion. Obviously, the affairs of Wucheng in the past few days made him not have much understanding of Xuan Tiantian.

"Hey hey, it's true that it's true to rush your way with vindictive qi, but it's a long way from here to Xuan Sansan. If you insist on rushing your way with vindictive qi, I won't make it difficult for you..." Hu Du also laughed.

"Hahaha..." Mueller didn't speak as if he had closed the door.

"In that case, get on the boat and set off. I should have missed some time on the way here, otherwise I won't be able to catch up..." Hu Du also said.

Hearing that, the nine people also jumped onto the giant ship one after another.

"Brother Hu, I'll ask you to love your daughter!" Yue Yu also knew that the time for each invitation was extremely hasty, so she didn't hold back too much.

"Yeah." Hu Du also responded, then with a movement, he instantly appeared on the giant ship.

Hu Du's huge vindictive qi also radiated out and then injected it towards the bow of the boat. With the injection of vindictive qi, the giant ship also slowly accelerated its speed. In a blink of an eye, it disappeared into the blue sky. City, heading towards Xuan Santian.

After all, Qingcheng is the border of Xuanling Continent, and Xuantian Santian is the real core of Xuanling Continent, so it is extremely far away from where Xuantiantian is, and if you fly away, it will cost more money along the way. Not to mention the time, the various checkpoints along the way are also troublesome, and the most important thing is that the strength of their mere three-star Doudi is not enough to support such a long flight, so Hu Ducai used the "ferry."

First, it is convenient, second, it can go directly to Xuan Santian, and third, it is also possible to explain some precautions for them on the way, after all, every reception is these procedures.

So Mueller's previous question was also ridiculous. Obviously, the strength of any of the nine of them was not qualified to use Dou Qi to cross Xuantian Santian.

The giant ship was moving rapidly in a quiet passage, and then on the periphery of the giant ship, a layer of giant battle qi shield that wrapped the entire "ferry" also appeared, and everyone felt relieved when they saw this.

"Let's go find accommodation first, one room per person, on the second floor."

"When things are settled, gather together at night. I have something to inform you." Hu Du's voice came from beside the nine people.

When the nine people heard the words, they did the same.

Xiao Yan also looked at this "ferry boat" with great interest, obviously very interested.

Ask for a ticket~

Recently, I am sorting out the outline, and I will start a new journey soon. I will not let everyone down!