Chapter 94: Soul clan?

"Master, the healing spirit root you mentioned is really powerful. I can't imagine that my injuries will be healed in a short period of time." Xiao Yan was also shocked. Obviously, the medicinal materials donated by the Yue family were quite extraordinary. Even with his current medicine refining skills, it would take a lot of time to recover from his injuries.

"Of course, don't you think that anything that can be related to the angel family is a vain call, although this is not the healing power of an angel..." The Golden Dragon King also rolled his eyes at Xiao Yan.

"The injury has healed. It seems that the time for this retreat is not short." Feeling the surging fighting spirit in his body, Xiao Yan smiled slightly, and then said in a low voice.

With the recovery of this injury, he has become much more proficient in the power to break through the skyrocketing power. Xiao Yan is somewhat confident. If he encounters Wu Huan next time, he will definitely not be as evenly matched as this time...

Then the stone room was filled with the voice of his master, the Golden Dragon King.

"Little Yanzi, before you entered the ruins, your real strength was around the peak of the early Samsung Dou Emperor, but for various reasons, it suddenly soared to the current peak of the Three Star Dou Emperor. Although this is the mysterious effect of Yin-Yang Heart, the speed is the same. It can be called terrifying, and this is the first time you have experienced this kind of thing in the rank of Dou Di, so in terms of power control, there is still a big gap with the real three-star Dou Di peak powerhouse. In this battle with Wuhuan, if you can completely control the power of the peak of the Samsung Dou Di, even if you can retreat under the mysterious black cloak, you will not be so embarrassed..."

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also nodded thoughtfully, what his master Jinlong King said was reasonable.

In the past, when he cultivated himself, before Dou Di, he was very down-to-earth. Therefore, after getting acquainted with him who was down-to-earth, his strength suddenly soared this time. In fact, he himself felt a little overwhelmed. It is the most difficult to get up, and even some unreliable strengths soar, and it will make people extremely unlucky to stay at that point forever.

"But fortunately, your strength soared this time, not the stupid way of directly using energy to force it. The combination of the power of Yin-Yang Heart and the Yin-Yang Profound Dragon Pill is also an extremely pure power that erodes each other. You have grown very well. From a certain point of view, this time, you are not really a pinch. As for your strength, you are actually improving slowly under the influence of yin and yang, but during the promotion, You're in a state of battle, and you don't know it."

"But even so, it's a fact that your strength has risen sharply this time, so before you completely control the peak power of the Samsung Dou Di, don't think about how much progress you can make. After all, you can only move forward if you master the existing power. One step forward." The Golden Dragon King floated in the air and opened his mouth.

"Hey hey, what the master taught is." Xiao Yan also scratched his head.

The thought on his face slowly faded, Xiao Yan sighed, he knew that this kind of thing couldn't be rushed...

"Master, are there still eight ancient clans on this Doudi Continent?" Xiao Yan also said solemnly after having learned a lesson from his master. It was obvious that the man wearing a black cloak appeared before. The silhouette is exactly the same as the soul clan aura on Dou Qi Continent!

Compared to Xiao Yan, he was also greatly surprised, and then he couldn't help but speak.

"There are also eight major families on the Dou Di Continent, the Xiao Clan, the Yan Clan, the Ancient Clan, the Thunder Clan, the Soul Clan, the Spirit Clan, the Medicine Clan, and the Stone Clan."

"As for the Xiao clan, you don't need to ask, I will naturally tell you when the time comes. The other seven clans live on the opposite side of the Xuanling Continent. What you only need to know now is that the ancestors of the seven clans belonged to them. And some old monsters were also promoted from your Dou Qi Continent, but..."

"Specifically, when your strength reaches a certain level, I will naturally take you there. It is too early to say too much now." The Golden Dragon King is obviously avoiding something.

"It's the soul clan again, I really don't know what these guys want to do..." Xiao Yan seemed to have known it for a long time, rolled his eyes at his master, and said.

"Um?"

"Where do you have this race?" The Golden Dragon King was also surprised, this little Yanzi actually asked...

"On our Dou Qi Continent, behind the Soul Palace is the Soul Clan, which is also one of the eight ancient clans. It has a self-contained space comparable to the peak of the Dou Sheng, and it is called the Soul Realm. The Soul Palace is arrogant and domineering, searching for all kinds of souls all over the continent. body, especially the soul of a powerful alchemist, and it seems to be an organization composed of soul bodies. It is the most powerful force on the bright side of Dou Qi Continent, and has been tracking down the whereabouts of the ancient emperor of Tuo She. For our Xiao family The family has some grudges, when the Yunlan Sect attacked our Xiao family, they kidnapped my father Xiao Zhan; when Xiao Yan fought against the Yunlan sect, they kidnapped my teacher Yao Lao."

"The old man Mu Gu was sent to capture the strange fire during the Dan meeting. The power of the temple master's soul is unfathomable, and his whereabouts are mysterious. My alchemist, lost to me in the battle at the top of the Fall and was destroyed, and the remnant soul was taken away by the soul clan..." Xiao Yan also tried hard to recall the soul clan on the Dou Qi continent. Do it scene by scene.

"It's actually like this..." The Golden Dragon King also said solemnly.

"They searched for so many souls in Dou Qi Continent in order to step into the Emperor Realm soul, but what are they going to do in this Dou Di Continent..." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

"Absorb powerful soul power to advance to the soul of the emperor, this method really resembles their style."

"As for what you said, they are also searching and capturing souls on the Doudi Continent. I think they are not only to advance to a more powerful soul realm. I have also investigated deeply before, and it seems that people from the soul clan and the demon clan are mixed in. Together, they seem to be planning some huge conspiracy..." The Golden Dragon King also recalled hard.

"Forget it, you don't have to worry too much, take a step and see, isn't there me." The Golden Dragon King also smiled slowly.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also responded softly.

"Let's go, it's also time to go out and see what Qing Yuan is planning." The Golden Dragon King Zaidu said.

"Let's go." Hearing that, Xiao Yan also stood up, tidying up the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind him, and then stepped out of the stone room.

This time, even with the mysterious effect of healing the spiritual root, it took a full seven days. The wounds in Xiao Yan's body were gradually showing signs of recovery, and this was because his physique had passed through various spiritual fluids. Even the tempering of the power of blood, coupled with the tempering of different fires, if it is an ordinary person, this kind of injury will not be completely healed after half a month or even a month, and even, maybe There will also be some permanent sequelae that are difficult to heal due to the severe injury. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: