Chapter 101: The power of blood!

To refine medicine pills, the key is to first melt many medicinal materials into piles of pure liquids through the catalysis of flames, and then perfectly fuse various medicinal powers. This fusion needs to be maintained at an extremely delicate level. It is precisely because of this that soul power can become the most critical thing that depends on the achievement of an alchemist.

Such a change in this time was somewhat unexpected to Xiao Yan, because his previous steps were completely in accordance with the prescription, without the slightest error, but in the end there was still a problem. Obviously, these steps In it, there is something that he has not grasped.

The previous Xiao Yan also did not know which step had gone wrong, but when the flames burst into his eyes, he suddenly realized that the problem was not in the medicinal liquid he extracted, but in the drop In the scarlet blood and the medicine powder that was transformed by the dragon blood vine.

This drop of scarlet blood is extracted from the bloodthirsty dragon lizard in the ruins, and the violent energy contained in it far exceeds the requirements for refining the Consolidated Essence Pill. The power of ferocity, the power of the two medicinal materials, Xue Gaozhi and Qingmuguo alone, cannot be completely reconciled. That is to say, the power of blood is too strong, and the power of medicinal materials is too weak. A balanced point...

Moreover, the bloodthirsty dragon lizard also possesses the power of the blood of the dragon, even if it is insignificant, it is the blood of the genuine dragon family. synonym!

And the dragon blood vine had also been bathed in dragon blood, so the real problem was that the breath of the silk dragon bloodline on the two was activated when Xiao Yan's strange fire refining, and now the two have just touched, The breaths in it are incompatible with each other. The bloodthirsty dragon lizard left on the scarlet blood contains the blood of the dragon family, and the dragon blood vine also has the blood of the dragon family. The two have produced a very violent exclusion!

I figured out the problem, but Xiao Yan's frowning brows still haven't been stretched out. If the power of blood cannot be reconciled, then the only way is to change the blood of beasts, but Xiao Yan's hands now, Apart from the scarlet blood of this bloodthirsty dragon lizard, no other blood essence was prepared...

In this case, the only choice is the former.

Xiao Yan looked at the inside of the cauldron, surrounded by many spikes of blood essence like a hedgehog, and the red powder of dragon blood and fairy vine exuding a layer of light shield, with a thoughtful look.

Thoughts flashed in his heart, Xiao Yan's eyes were also slightly condensed, and with a wave of his palm, the numerous light clusters that were staying in the air were sucked into the medicine cauldron by them, and milky white flames swept through them.

In just a few minutes, those medicinal materials were slowly refined and fused into a drop of light blue liquid under Xiao Yan's subtle control.

Xiao Yan stared at the drop of blue liquid infiltrated with some gentle power, and with a finger, the latter slowly descended, and immediately fell into the scarlet blood that was churning more and more violently on the surface and the powder that turned into powder. Among the dragon blood vines.

This drop of liquid containing the power of the essence of many medicinal materials, after falling into the scarlet blood and powder, the gentle power contained in it did indeed play an immediate effect. , slowly retract into the body.

Looking at this scene, Xiao Yan also breathed a sigh of relief, but the moment the breath just came out of his throat, it suddenly solidified, because he clearly felt that there were two faint senses of coercion, slowly from Out of that drop of scarlet blood and powder...

"Hoohoho!"

On the powder of scarlet blood and dragon blood vines, there is a slightly illusory miniature dragon shadow entrenched.

A hostile dragon roar resounded inside the wooden house.

As soon as this feeling of coercion appeared, it caused Xiao Yan's vindictive energy to stagnate a little. Immediately, the scarlet blood and powder that had just finally calmed down seemed to boil.

The madness surged up, and a violent force that made one's complexion change slightly rose rapidly in it.

The sudden change also caused Xiao Yan's complexion to change. Those two dragon roars that permeated from the blood and powder, even with Xiao Yan's concentration, there was a moment of shock.

"What's going on?" The Golden Dragon King was obviously not an expert in refining medicine, but when he saw the two miniature dragon shadows in the cauldron, he asked with a little understanding.

"There is something wrong with the fusion of that drop of scarlet blood and the dragon blood vine..." Xiao Yan also said solemnly.

Xiao Yan's eyes were also fixed on the drop of scarlet blood and red medicinal powder at this moment. The biggest problem really came from here...

Yue Yu glanced at the wooden hut, and a dignified flash flashed in her eyes. Judging from this sense of coercion, the master of this blood essence must have been extremely terrifying when he was alive. Ferocious beast, where did Xiao Yan get the blood of such a high-level beast?

"I don't know where this little friend Xiao Yan got the blood of the demon beasts, but it contains such coercion. As far as I know, among some powerful demon beast families on the Xuanling Continent, every clan, Since he was born, he has owned a spiritual tablet. In the spiritual tablet, there is a strand of remnant soul. As long as this strand of remnant soul remains, then the bloodline in its body will not be obtained by others... and once it is incarnated. When the monument is broken, the clan members die, and the clan will send strong men to recover their bones. will definitely not be obtained by the outside world. This is quite similar to the current scene, but how can it appear here? This kind of magical beast with a spiritual tablet?" On the pavilion, Yue Yu also noticed the changes in the wooden house where Xiao Yan was, and murmured in her heart with some doubts.

"This beast was discovered in the ruins, and it contains a trace of the blood of the dragon family. Its strength during his lifetime should have been at the peak of the fourth-grade emperor, and the level of breaking through to the fifth-grade emperor. The beasts of this level can only rely on A drop of blood essence can exude such tyrannical coercion, it seems that this beast really deserves to be a monster with dragon blood." Yue Ru said softly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's normal in the ruins." Yue Yu was also surprised. After all, there are many treasures and monsters in the ruins, and it is reasonable to have such a powerful monster.

"Then let's watch it here, it's really impossible to take action." Yue Yu also said, because everyone knows that pharmacists can only rely on themselves to refine medicine pills, and others can't help.

"Yeah." Yue Ru also bit her lips slightly.

Xiao Yan's eyes flashed a little light, the scarlet blood and the dragon's roar coercion emanating from the medicine powder constantly resisted the neutralization of the power of many medicinal materials. Two arrogances remain, one originates from the bloodline, this arrogance does not allow it to succumb to its own kind, let alone be refined into a medicinal pill for people to absorb!

"No matter how tyrannical you were when you were alive, but now, it's just a thing without a master. I still don't believe it, I really can't conquer you!"