Chapter Vol 4 1927: Doomsday?

The latest website: "The water and fire evil cage is ahead..." Not long after, Xiao Yan and the Wan Yaowang came to the edge of the water and fire evil cage at the same time, and then muttered slightly.

The concentration of demonic energy here has far exceeded their imagination. It is like a sea of ​​demons. If Xiao Yan hadn’t been harbouring holy flames, I am afraid that if they wanted to go deep into the depths of the demon-suppressing prison with their strength, they could only say that they are idiots. That kind of viscous magic energy that is instantly dead.

"Let's go, I have already sensed the aura of Lord Heisha Longwolf. It seems that the information is correct." The Demon King of Ten Thousand Demons used some special search methods, and immediately stared at the extremely bright and evil aura in front of him. Huge prison cage, said solemnly.

"Wait... what is this?" The next moment, Xiao Yan's eyes were following the cage, and when he saw the edge of the cage, a looming huge crack appeared, and he couldn't help muttering.

There was a very sacred aura in it, even if it was rather dim, even if it was covered by countless ghosts, Xiao Yan could still tell it at a glance, because that kind of aura was not the power of light.

And the power of light, I am afraid that only the Holy See, plus the angel wings found here, let Xiao Yan care.

"Get away from me!" With a roar, the dazzling amber rock soul fire burst out, knocking back the dark shadow in the crack that covered the line of sight, and instantly turned into steam.

"This is... divine power?" At this moment, Wan Yaowang couldn't help but lose his voice.

"It's a terrifying method, and there are still a lot of power that I can't understand." Xiao Yan glanced at his soul power, but said helplessly.

This power is indeed the holy power of light unique to the powerhouses of the Holy See, but this power is something Xiao Yan has never seen before, and it seems to be more powerful than the wandering angels before!

And it is more than tyrannical several times!

"Mumbling." With a sound, Xiao Yan's acceptance of the ring flickered, and a pure white wing spread out. He immediately grabbed a sacred aura from the abyss below, and the two slowly placed them in front of him, closing his eyes to sense it.

"Sure enough, it's not a person's breath." After a few minutes, Xiao Yan said in an unusually solemn voice.

"What's the matter?" Wan Yaowang asked in confusion.

"It's alright, let's go." Xiao Yan smiled slightly, and the demon cube in his body slowly turned. I'm afraid this time, he must use it.

"What's this?" It's just that when Xiao Yan is now concentrating on the water and fire cage, the flame beasts that fell into a deep sleep in Xiao Yan's body, in the sea of ​​fighting qi, are now surrounded by flames. It became extremely white, and the spirit of the little white rat demon couldn't help trembling.

After the white light breathed smoothly, it turned into pieces of eggshells, slowly wrapping the creatures inside.

"Crack." With a sound, a small white and tender hand smashed the white eggshell, and immediately stretched it back. As for the eggshell, it was retracted inside by its small hand, and a rhythmic chewing sound was heard. Emerging from the sea of ​​fighting qi.

At this time, the spirit of the mouse demon book trembled in the body, and even the extremely mysterious demon book, in the face of this situation, was like the most loyal servant, without any action!

In the white quirky dome, there seems to be a strong creature that surpasses the records of the demon book.

...

"Cough cough..." At this time, inside the water and fire cage, the Heishan Dragon Wolf and the Demon of Light supported each other, but now the Heisha Dragon Wolf's breath was even weaker.

"Dragon Wolf, I'm sorry..." At this time, the Demon of Light couldn't help but whispered apologetically.

"The mistress doesn't have to do this. Protecting you and the master is my life's mission. After all, if it wasn't for the two of you back then, I'm afraid I wouldn't be where I am today." Heisha Longlang forced his body up and said with a smile.

"Hey..." At this moment, the Demon of Light was helpless for a while.

"Boom!" At the same time, the entire cage of water and fire suddenly became shaken, and after the breath, a dazzling sound suddenly erupted, a thick black gas, like the light from the dark abyss , burst out.

"This... what's going on?" Another ten thousand demon king suddenly appeared in his heart, and hurriedly asked.

"This is……"

"The Demon Town has collapsed?"

"How could that be?" At this moment, Xiao Yan was also extremely puzzled. As early as when he entered here, Xiao Yan had carefully sensed that the seal in this Demon Suppression Prison was extremely stable, and nothing could happen. The vision of heaven and earth is clearly the breath that can only be evaporated by the kings of the evil races outside the territory.

That's a sign that the seal of the Demon Town is about to be broken!

"Boom!" A circle of black smoke, centered on the water and fire cage, completely vented out, and immediately the entire water and fire cage shook uncontrollably.

That feeling, like an energy ball, is now absorbing power beyond the limit that one can accept. I am afraid that if this continues, it will not be long before this place will explode completely.

And once the Demon Suppression Prison collapses, the two white kings among them will probably see the light of day again.

The two white kings, this level of powerhouse, let alone in the demon world, even in any place in the great world, can be regarded as a strategic force. At that time, I am afraid this place will turn into a real hell. .

"Hahaha!"

"My fire and water are evil, and now I finally see the sun again!" Not long after, a cold roar accompanied by a blood-shattering evil spirit filled the sky, adding countless cold and awe-inspiring sternness to this already extremely evil Demon Suppression Prison. .

"Kacha!" At this moment, the top of the water and fire cage seemed to be separated by a sword, and the cage was chopped off. How long, this contains the sacred chains that are enough to suppress the two white kings, and it shatters in an instant.

With the explosion in the sky and the venting of the evil aura, Xiao Yan slowly saw that directly above the water and fire cage, two figures stood up with a rebellious and arrogant aura.

It was a black man covered in cyan water, and a black figure covered in brown flames.

But whether it's a man with a cyan water liquid or a man with a brown flame, the fluctuations emerging from his body are far from being comparable to them!

That is the power of the late eight-star fighting immortals!

At a glance , it turned out that Xiao Yan couldn't help but have a creepy aura!

"Oh... it seems that there are some old acquaintances." In an instant, the two white kings had just unblocked, and suddenly through the water and fire cage, they saw the two men and women supporting each other, sneered and roared out.

The man who was covered in cyan water, filled with a cold and evil aura, and his eyes looked extraordinarily strange in this devil-suppressing prison!

At this moment, his eyes were fixedly staring at the bodies of the two black dragons and wolves below, and an icy killing intent filled the air.

He lowered his head gently, and under the shroud of countless cold and evil liquids, a twisted face filled with cyan magic lines revealed endless sternness, his sinister smile, and a magic sound that penetrated the world, resounded throughout the town of demons. prison!

"Hei Sha Long Lang, long time no see... This king really misses you so much!"

full book