Chapter Vol 4 996: Enter the Blood River Pool

"This is solved..." Xiao Yan just saw his elder brother returning to the gap, and couldn't help saying in a surprised tone.

"Yep."

"With the formation technique Zhu Lao gave me, I temporarily imprisoned this guy." Xiao Yan said slightly.

"Hey, Zhu Jin, it seems that you are right this time. This Xiao Yan seems to be on a par with Yin Yin Tong." And Yan Chi looked at it in his heart. , Naturally, the three of them had a panoramic view, so the thunder method gave Yan Chi a lot of shock.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Since the Wild Wave Jade Blood Crocodile has been temporarily imprisoned, then we..."

"Enter the pool." Yanchi said.

"The Blood River Pond contains extremely powerful forces. The further down you go, the greater the pressure. You should do what you can."

"As for the mystery, you will know when you go down separately." Yan Chi said.

"I don't have to go, do I?"

"I will protect the law for you?" Xiao Yi, who was beside him, laughed, apparently not having much interest in the Blood River Pond below.

"Go down for me!" As soon as Xiao Yi's voice fell, Yanchi was immediately carried by one hand and threw it directly below.

"Old Yanchi, you..." Xiao Yi couldn't move her strength, and was thrown down by Yanchi, causing waves of waves.

"Blood River Pond has indescribable benefits for you."

"Also, the dead blood ghost liquid can be swallowed after entering the blood river pond, and it can also achieve twice the result with half the effort."

"Let's go." After Yan Chi finished speaking, he swept away directly below.

"Xiao Yan, thank you." At this moment, Mu Yingying said something to Xiao Yan, and then without hesitation, she directly swept towards the Blood River Pond below.

Mu Yingying knew that her brother Yan Chi desperately needed this Blood River Pond to heal the dark disease in her body, and if Xiao Yan hadn't dealt with the guardian, she would have lost a lot of effort.

"This girl..." Xiao Yan helplessly watched the three of them pour into the Blood River Pond, smiled slightly, and then without hesitation, placed a tyrannical soul seal on the huge gap, directly facing the Blood River Pond below. swept away.

And below the gap, the huge formation above the Blood River Pond, the trembling figure of the Wild Wave Jade Blood Crocodile, it can be seen that if you want to break free from this bondage, it will obviously take a lot of time.

"Si Si Si!" Xiao Yan's body just entered the blood river pool, and suddenly bursts of refreshing cold suddenly came from the pool water.

"Icy pool water." Xiao Yan couldn't help shivering.

"After swallowing the dead blood ghost liquid, go down and see, what is under this blood river pool calling me vaguely." Xiao Yan's eyes became deep, as if in the dark, this blood river pool is the most At the bottom, a call came.

"Shabu Shabu!" With a plan in his mind, Xiao Yan didn't dare to hesitate. He directly used the power of holy flame to wrap his body, and then continued to descend.

In the Blood River Pond, the pressure increases as you go down, but the increase in yourself is also enormous.

"It's such a powerful pressure." Every time he dropped some distance, Xiao Yan felt a burst of pain coming from his body, but for this reason, Xiao Yan also found that every time the blood-red water came into contact with him The body will transmit a trace of extremely mysterious power into his body, and with the increase of that power, the fighting qi in Xiao Yan's body is also slowly improving.

"Just here."

"First absorb some of the power of the Blood River Pond, and then devour the dead blood ghost liquid!" Xiao Yan was calm, then closed his eyes and concentrated on absorbing the power.

And Xiao Yi and Mu Yingying are just like Xiao Yan, but that Yan Chi is heading towards the bottom of the Blood River Pond: "Then what exactly is down there..."

When Xiao Yan and the four entered the Blood River Pond, the blood river also underwent earth-shaking changes.

"damn it!"

"What on earth is the Xuanling royal family doing?"

"Aren't you afraid of causing a war between the super sects when you openly attack other super sects?" On a rock, two vague figures spoke slowly.

These two are naturally the two people from the puppet mansion, Hua Lexin from the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di and Hua Feng, the senior brother Hua Feng who is a complete and powerful master of the Seven Star Dou Di.

"Junior brother, don't be impatient."

"After all, this is a river of blood, and life and death matter."

"And I always feel that this time the Xuanling royal family seems to be very wrong..." Hua Feng, the senior elder brother, said slightly.

"Senior brother, what do you say?" Hua Lexin couldn't help asking.

"A few days ago, the three-day Xuanling royal family fought hard against the disciples of Wanjianmen, and even Jianxin was defeated."

"Wanjianmen is known as the head of our Xuantian super sect, and the strength of Jianxin is even more unfathomable. Such a ruthless person will suffer under the Xuanling royal family."

"I'm afraid the Xuanling royal family is playing a big game." At this time, Hua Feng said slightly.

"Elder Brother, what should we do now?" Hua Lexin became puzzled after hearing this.

"Among the disciples who participated in the sect competition last time, the other senior brothers have already retreated, so this time, among the strong, only I, the Seven Star Dou Emperor, was successful, so I couldn't have a head-on conflict with the Xuanling royal family."

"First go to join the team of our puppet mansion. The final place of holy flame, where I believe, will determine the real outcome."

"Moreover, with such a bad relationship between the Burning Incense Pavilion and the Xuanling Royal Family, I am afraid that the two are the biggest variables in this sect competition." Hua Feng said.

"Everything is according to what the senior brother said." Hua Lexin nodded after hearing this. After all, there is no good way at this time.

Although those who participated in the previous sect competition can also participate in this time, many of the former outstanding disciples of the sect are in retreat.

After the two finished speaking, they went directly to the periphery of the Blood River, and a series of changes were also taking place in other places.

"You... are you all right?" Seeing this, several people in the Ancient Desolate Palace asked slowly.

"Brother Feng Hong This time, thank you very much." Seeing that he had escaped from the three-day pursuit of the Xuanling royal family, Song Yue protected Hongqian, clenched his fists and smiled at Feng Hong.

"It's just a matter of raising your hands."

"If you want to thank or thank our senior brother." Feng Hong said with a smile.

"Feng Lin, aren't you retreating..."

"Why..." Jian Xin on the side held back the injury in his body and said to the head of the three people in the Ancient Desolate Hall in front of him.

"Hehe, just after I left the customs, I met the sect and the competition began, and I was sent by the master to lead the team." Feng Lin, the burly body of the elder brother of the Ancient Desolate Temple, said with a slight smile.

"Jianxin, how could you..." After Feng Lin finished laughing, his expression suddenly became solemn, and he said immediately.

"We were defeated by the Xuanling royal family." Although Jian Xin didn't want to admit it, he said helplessly.

"Is he really that strong?" Feng Lin looked into the distance and said lightly.

"It's very strong."

"In the previous sect competition, I was able to beat him, but after so many years, I don't know what adventure he encountered. His strength was close to the early stage of the Eight-star Dou Di, and he survived the death catastrophe." Jian Xin said in a deep voice. .

"It even seems that there is something extremely hidden in his body."

"That thing, every time I fight him, it will send me an inexplicable irritability..." Finally, Kenshin spoke up.

And with Jian Xin's voice, everyone's heart sank, obviously thinking about countermeasures.