Chapter Vol 2 730: 1 step left

"Who is it?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words, and then became vigilant.

I have heard this voice just once, but that time, when I just entered here to clear the clouds, and now this voice is appearing, Xiao Yan is basically certain that this voice should be the treasure of their human palace. There are some important relationships.

"Who is it?" Xiao Yan looked around vigilantly and said coldly.

"This is the place where the treasures of the Human Palace are stored. Who do you think I am?" The mysterious voice did not seem to be afraid that Xiao Yan would know the secret here, and he took the initiative to tell Xiao Yan.

"Xiao Yan, a disciple of the Human Palace, has seen senior." Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard the words, but the next moment he clasped his fists.

This mysterious voice alone made him feel powerless, and I am afraid its strength is also extremely terrifying. In addition, this voice appeared in the treasure storage place of the Hall of Humanity, so Xiao Yan didn't need to think about it, he immediately said respectfully. .

"Xiao Yan..."

"But I just want to know who your master is?"

"Who can teach such a terrifying disciple, I'm quite curious." The mysterious voice opened his mouth, but he didn't mean to show up at all.

"My master is Mu Xuzi, the deputy master of the Human Palace." Xiao Yan heard the words and spoke directly.

"Mu Xuzi?"

"Impossible, Mu Xuzi doesn't have the strength of Jiuxing Dou Di, it is absolutely impossible to teach such a perverted disciple."

"Impossible, impossible." The mysterious voice said two sentences of "impossible" in a row, with great certainty in his tone.

"The younger generation is indeed a disciple of the Human Palace. In the Human Palace, he was taught by Mu Xuzi, and he was fortunate enough to be accepted as a disciple by Lao Zhu." Seeing that he did not believe this voice, Xiao Yan had to carry out Zhu Jin immediately.

Xiao Yan could feel that what was in his body, Sheng Yan seemed to have been discovered by this mysterious voice, but the soul-devouring talisman and the deeper Fen Jue and Xiao clan lines were not discovered.

"It's actually the old guy Zhu Jin, no wonder he has holy flame and huge spiritual power."

"And you guy, your soul power is not weak."

"Damn, such a good seedling, if I hadn't promised the pavilion master that the old guy would guard here for hundreds of years, I really wanted to **** you over." After the mysterious voice said, a space in the stone hall trembled slightly, and then from An old man came out.

The old man was dressed in white, simple clothes and a smile on his face, which made people's eyes shine, and he was extremely loving.

"Senior?" Xiao Yan was surprised when the old man appeared.

"Okay, even though you are Zhu Jin's apprentice, but you are still a little short of the time to obtain the treasure of the palace in our human palace." The old man smiled at Xiao Yan.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he was secretly surprised, and then a bad thought emerged.

"This is indeed the place where the treasures of the Hall of People are stored."

"And I'm not afraid to tell you that the treasure of Rendian Town Store is on the eight raised steps in the center of this stone hall." The old man smiled slowly, but there was a different funny in his smile.

"Sure enough..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan naturally found something looming in the eight raised steps. The power contained in that thing was extremely huge, and it made Xiao Yan faintly uneasy. There will be nothing more than the treasures of the temple.

"However, do you know why no one has successfully cultivated this thing for thousands of years?" Seeing Xiao Yan's ecstasy, the old man opened his mouth slightly.

"Junior I don't know, I also invite senior..." Xiao Yan's voice had not finished, the old man laughed.

"because……"

"To be honest, I don't know either."

"The treasure of our human hall is a scroll of low-level fighting skills of the Holy Order, called the Heaven-shifting Ruler. It is said that in ancient times, the power of cultivating the Heaven-moving Ruler could kill a real Dou Xianqiang with this attack. Boss!" The old man said slowly, his voice full of covetousness for that fighting skill.

"This fighting skill is actually so terrifying." Xiao Yan heard that and was secretly surprised. Although he did not know how terrifying a fighting immortal powerhouse was, being able to kill a fighting immortal powerhouse with a low-level holy rank fighting technique was enough to demonstrate the extraordinary fighting skills. .

"But this fighting skill is extremely strange. Even if our pavilion master makes a move, we cannot spy on the mysteries. I am afraid that this fighting skill has not been successfully cultivated for thousands of years. It should be waiting for someone who belongs to it." The old man Continue.

"Isn't the powerhouse of Fighting Immortal able to spy on the mysteries of this..." Xiao Yan said slowly in his heart.

Although Xiao Yan had never seen the strength of Fenxiang Pavilion's pavilion master, he didn't need to think about it, he knew that this guy was definitely at the level of Dou Xian, otherwise Fenxiang Pavilion would not be included in the ranks of super sects.

"Now, are you still planning to practice this fighting skill?" After the old man finished speaking, he asked Xiao Yan after returning to his senses.

"Think." Xiao Yan said directly without thinking.

I left the other two halls of Heaven, Earth and Ren, and joined the Hall of People, and then participated in team competitions, in order to obtain the cultivation method of moving the sky ruler, and now this thing is in front of me Not so easy to give up.

"Good boy, courageous."

"I admire you very much." Seeing Xiao Yan's unwavering look in his eyes, the old man said with satisfaction immediately.

"I haven't met such an excellent boy for many years. I hope this time we can carry forward the fighting skills of our Human Temple throughout the entire Xuansan Santian, and it will not be a waste of the name of moving the sky." The old man smiled.

"Now that you've made up your mind, let's get started."

"However, if you want to gain access to this method of fighting skills, you must do one more thing." The mysterious old man smiled slowly, and then stared at the eight stone pillars around the stone hall.

Above the eight stone pillars, there seems to be a strange aura.

"What?" Xiao Yan was also surprised, because there are other things that need to be done to cultivate the treasure of the palace, but Mu Xuzi never mentioned it to himself!

"Before you, a total of 312 people entered here, but they all failed without exception."

"They all lost in the first step." The old man said slowly.

"The first step?" Xiao Yan was also puzzled. The old man stared at the eight stone pillars in the stone hall and said something to himself.

"let's start."

"Although I have to admit that you are the second best person I have seen in our Human Palace for thousands of years, the rules cannot be broken." After the old man finished speaking, the old palm lifted slightly, and at the same time, The dull eight stone pillars suddenly burst into a trace of anger, and then they seemed to come alive!

"Damn..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel heavy, because Xiao Yan found out that after the eight stone pillars came alive, the figure of the old man disappeared, and in the stone hall, there was an ancient aura Also wake up slowly! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: