Chapter 472: Temple Guardian!

"Is this the Temple of Medusa..." Staring blankly at the magnificent palace looming in the abyss, a small feeling instantly emerged from the heart of the medicine core!

Yaoxin can become a high-level pharmacist, and the soul power is naturally very terrifying!

It's just that the medicine core felt countless waves of huge fluctuations from the temple, and it felt as if a small piece of sand fell into the sea!

"Are you alright?" A strong force came from Ye Mo's hand, and he instantly supported the medicine core on the shoulder.

"It's okay." Core said calmly.

"Let's go then."

"Nu Dong, the guards of the temple will be handed over to you!" King Xuanling said solemnly.

"It's okay to lead away, but I don't even know how to open the temple, so... you guys can do it yourself!" Nu Dong said solemnly, and then without hesitation, the voice just fell, his figure moved strangely, and disappeared in the in the desert.

"Shabu!" Everyone entered the long passage in a series.

"In this passage, the power of the soul is everywhere, and it is extremely terrifying. Everyone follow me carefully, and don't touch other places without authorization!" The medicine core was in the first place, and the beautiful eyes exuded a strange color.

"En." A group of people responded and moved slowly. They knew that there were a few extremely terrifying auras not far away, and they could only let Nu Dong divert them into action, which would have a better chance of winning.

Otherwise, once they start at the core of Medusa, I am afraid that with their huge lineup, it will be a little difficult.

"Hey, blue and white snake."

"It's you again." Hundreds of meters away from the gray-white temple, where the blue and white snake stood slowly with Qing Yan, a rather small green snake said.

"Well, it's me, Senior Green Snake." After the blue-and-white snake finished speaking, it bowed slightly to the emerald green snake, and then the purple poisonous snake appeared on its face and slowly walked towards the Senior Green Snake.

"En." After feeling the breath, the senior named Green Snake nodded in satisfaction.

"Why are you here this time?"

"If it's for the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python that entered the temple before, I'd better go back."

"That little baby has a good temperament and talent, but no one has succeeded in the inheritance of the Medusa family since ancient times, sigh..." The green snake sighed and was about to turn around, but found a trace of anomaly.

"Snake..." Qingyan said slightly, and at the moment when the green snake appeared, Qingyan only felt that his body was out of control.

Then, in those eyes, Luding Sanhua pupils protected themselves and suddenly opened!

"This is……"

"Three flower pupils in the furnace?" The green snake said in shock.

"Master, come out quickly, there are some interesting things here!" The next moment, the green snake was surprised and shouted, and then turned into a human-like woman. Qing Yan smiled slightly, and there was a kind of kindness on the smile.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Little Green, what's the matter?"

"Didn't I say I have nothing to disturb my sleep?" A slightly dissatisfied voice slowly echoed in this separate space.

With the appearance of this sound, the space around the temple wiggled slightly, and then an old man with a cane came out of the void.

The old man is a woman, her white hair is very striking, her face is full of wrinkles that have been eroded by the years, and she is obviously old.

It’s just that this is the case. The aura on the old man’s body is vaguely terrifying. The crutch in his hand is a snake head in the shape of a snake’s head. There are two dark spots in the snake’s pupil above the crutch, which seems to be holding something. .

"Little Green?" The old man slowly opened his eyes, and then a powerful breath burst out like a sleeping giant dragon awakening!

"Cough cough cough..." Qing Yan's strength is only a one-star Dou Emperor after all, how could he tolerate this old man's coercion, and immediately coughed violently.

"Master." When the blue-and-white snake saw this, an extremely rare softness emerged from the snake's pupils, and slowly said to the old man.

"What's this..." The old man slowly opened his eyes, and then, separated by dozens of meters, broke through and felt a special power in Qingyan's body, and immediately his pupils shrank tightly.

"Shabu!" The figure disappeared out of thin air, and in a breath, appeared in front of Qingyan, and then the old palm slowly lifted, gently holding Qingyan's smooth and pretty face.

"Luding Ding San Hua Tong?" An exclamation was heard in this enclosed space!

"Master, this is the three-flowered pupil of the furnace. It was sent by a human who has the blood of our snake man and a disciple of the Burning Incense Pavilion." The blue-and-white snake said respectfully.

"Burning Incense Pavilion..."

"Our Medusa family has a pretty good relationship with them." The old man said slowly.

As soon as he finished speaking, the old man's pupils flashed a strange green, and then he directly met Qingyan's eyes!

"Don't get excited!"

"This is just a kind of monitoring." Although the blue-and-white snake believed in his master, the value of the cauldron in front of him was too great. Just when he was about to speak out, the green snake suddenly made a sound.

"Okay." Blue and White Snake put down the offensive in his hand, and then checked it carefully.

When the old man's pupils burst out with green rays of light towards Qingyan, Qingyan's cauldron's three-flowered pupils broke through and an extremely bright blue-green-purple rays of light emerged. This rays of light just appeared, and immediately The three people present felt an indescribable smoothness from the inside out!

Even the power of blood in the body slowly undergoes a slight change under the nourishment of this power!

"It's Luding Sanhuatong, that's right." The old man slowly withdrew his strength, and then opened his mouth slightly. In that voice, a desolate aura permeated the entire temple!

"Cough, cough..." Qingyan just radiated enormous strength, and instantly became weak, and sat down on the ground, gasping for breath.

"Qingyan, right?"

"My name is Shefu, and the little green snake next to me is my partner, just call her Xiaolu. We are currently the guardians of the temple of this Medusa clan. I would like to say that there are very few people who oppose it."

"Get up, little guy, you came to our snake people, and the future queen position will definitely be yours the old man said slowly.

"Senior, Qingyan doesn't want the queen's seat, he just wants to be safe." Qingyan recovered his complexion after absorbing the power of the blue-and-white snake, and spoke slightly.

"My child, in this world, if you don't kill others, others will kill you."

"You don't do anything wrong with your three-flowered eyes in your arms, but why would you be auctioned off like a slave by others?"

"It's not because you have no strength." The old man looked at Qing Yandao, who looked quite fresh. Such an innocent woman made the old man feel slightly.

"But... that would kill a lot of people." Qingyan affirmed in an unusual way, his big eyes flickering slightly.

What Shefu said, Qingyan naturally knew that because of the combination of his own snake people, he encountered a lot of scorn and hostility in recent years.

"Only when you are strong can you decide these things. Otherwise, the weak will not have the right to speak, which is the eternal truth."

"Imagine, if you had the power to make people fearful, would anyone else treat you like this?" Shefu slowly stroked Qingyan's hair and said in a tone.

The blue-and-white snake on the side wanted to say something, but couldn't say anything.

"Well, maybe from the day she woke up with the three flower pupils in her body, it was decided that she couldn't be like an ordinary woman." Seeing his master constantly enlightening Qing Yan, the blue and white snake shook his head and said.

As for the green flute and Mu Feng, they separated from the blue-and-white snake a long time ago, and went to the desert area to join Xiao Yan.