Chapter Vol 4 1034: 1st line of life

"Weng Om Om!" Terrifying sonic attacks continued to emanate from the jade piano in Yin Tong's palm, and Xiao Yan, who was chasing, fled all over the floor.

As for the spirit of ghost face and soul flame, it is covered with cyan flames, and the cyan holy flame crystal also slowly appears in his hand. He doesn't know what to say at the corner of his mouth, and tries to communicate with the last trace of strength in Yintong's body. In the deepest part of the Yin Tong's body, a very weak cyan flame was also slowly pulsing, as if it was motivated by the spirit of ghost face and soul flame.

"Brother...what should we do now?" Mu Yingying below watched Xiao Yan jumped up and down by the terrifying sound wave attack. She was extremely worried and couldn't help but move her beautiful eyes.

"Yintong's strength is the first in the entire Burning Incense Pavilion. Even some elders can't match him. In the previous sect competition, he reached the eight-star Dou Emperor. Now, I'm afraid it will be stronger."

"Although Xiao Yan's strength is good, facing this guy, it's too..." Yan Chi shook his head and said, obviously feeling that Xiao Yan was a little reluctant to deal with Yin Tong alone.

"However, it shouldn't be difficult for Xiao Yan, who possesses the holy flame, to solve him." Seeing a trace of worry flashing in Mu Yingying's eyes, Yan Chi said.

"Brother...Are you alright?" Mu Yingying felt relieved when she heard the words, and then suddenly noticed the strange behavior on Yan Chi's body, and asked out of her mouth, because this strange feeling came from the holy spirit in her body. It seemed that there was something in Yan Chi's body that was extremely repelled by Mu Yingying's holy flame, but Mu Yingying couldn't find it.

"I'm fine." Yan Chi was said by Mu Yingying, and he also felt a discomfort in his body, but at this time his eyes were focused on Yin Tong, and he was not too worried.

"Yin Potian!" The next moment, Yin Tong, who was sitting cross-legged in the sky, suddenly whistled, and then his fingers moved on the jade piano.

"Weng humming!" As soon as Yin Tong's voice fell, a dazzling milky white halo suddenly appeared on the jade piano, and then under the control of Yin Tong, it turned into a bow and arrow, showing a feint attack on Xiao Yan trend.

On the milky white bow and arrow, a powerful power like destroying the world, faintly scattered in this space, causing this space to have a very serious anxiety.

"Are you using your real skills..." Xiao Yan also stopped at this time, his eyes slightly looking at the milky white bow and arrow suspended behind Yin Tong.

Just now, Xiao Yan was crushed by him to escape, in fact, to buy time for Ghost Face Soul Yan, but now that Yin Tong has used such a powerful ultimate move, Xiao Yan naturally intends to show his true skills.

"If that's the case, then come on!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a bright smile appeared on the corner of his mouth, and then a strong ray of light appeared on that arm instantly.

"This is..." Seeing this, Xiao Yi couldn't help but say that with just his big brother's attack, not to mention the mere seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouses, even some eight-star Dou Emperor powerhouses are not afraid at all.

"An attack of this level is probably comparable to some fighting skills at the peak of the Holy Order..."

"Xiao Yan, although this guy is only in the middle stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor, but with such a tyrannical attack, I am afraid that some of the eight-star Dou Emperor's powerhouses are enough to fight."

"Fenxiang Pavilion really found a good disciple this time." Seeing this, Yan Chi laughed with relief.

"This guy's methods are really endless, no wonder he can kill the four blood demons..."

"Hey, but let you be strong, I'm afraid today's situation will be impossible to solve." The evil figure like a child of the Gorefiend said slightly, he didn't seem to be in a hurry, and slowly watched Yin Tong and Xiao Yan slaughter each other.

"Four fingers in the sky!"

"Call the sky with one finger!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, an incomparably arrogant and dazzling force of life and death emerged from his fingers, and immediately shot towards the position where the note pupil was.

In the huge finger glow where the power of life and death blends together, it not only carries a strong power of life and death, but also carries a mysterious power that the world is afraid of.

"Yin...broken!" And Yin Tong felt Xiao Yan's incomparably tyrannical attack, and said softly.

As soon as he finished speaking, the milky white bow and arrow on top of his head, with a destructive aura, whizzed away directly at Xiao Yan's attack.

"Bang bang bang!" The milky white bow and arrow and the finger of life and death just touched, and suddenly a hot wave of heat emerged from the center of the explosion!

"So strong!" Seeing this, Xiao Yi couldn't help frowning, and then the splendid fire in her body gushed out directly, forming a natural barrier around Mu Yingying and the others.

"This little guy, the well-deserved master of the holy flame."

"Just hold on, Yin Tong can still be saved." The ghost face and soul flame on the side also spoke slightly.

"Kacha!" After a while, there was a shattering sound from the two warring rays of light.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boy, you're still too young!" But when the shattering voice just fell, the Gorefiend laughed loudly.

"Crash!" Xiao Yan's eyes became serious, and then he saw that the two forces that were originally deadlocked, his life and death fingers were being swallowed up by a touch of blood!

"Hahaha!"

"I, Xiao Yan, can destroy your four envoys, and naturally I can destroy you..."

"Don't underestimate me!" Xiao Yan's breath was soaring, and then he watched the milky white bow and arrow whizzing towards him was not afraid, and a wave of madness poured into his heart.

"Since one finger is not enough...then two fingers"

"Two fingers break the sky!" Xiao Yan's oppressive voice was like an invincible **** of war.

And as Xiao Yan's coercive voice fell, Xiao Yan's entire body was suddenly filled with a strong sense of compression, and the power in his body swept wildly towards his fingertips almost at the same time.

"Bounce... stuck!" A powerful force that shook the world slowly condensed.

"Take me a blow!" After a few breaths, Xiao Yan's complexion became ugly. It was obvious that this blow mobilized almost all the power in his body.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and immediately above his finger, a huge finger that was huge enough to destroy everything was directly slammed by him and whizzed away at the milky white bow and arrow.

"Bang bang bang!" As Xiao Yan threw this blow, his body became weaker, and his aura suddenly dropped a lot, but the seemingly incomparable milky white bow and arrow was actually in Xiao Yan's huge finger. Under the powerful offensive of Mang, he was directly pierced through the center!

"Pfft!" And after the milky white bow and arrow was cracked by Xiao Yan with all his strength, the pupil of the note in the sky also shrank suddenly, and a mouthful of **** evil blood spurted out instantly.

"Note pupil..."

"This is the last chance!"

"You have to grasp it for me!" And with Yin Tong's injury, the ghost face soul flame below suddenly burst out, and then the bright cyan flames directly faced his body and swept away frantically!