Chapter Vol 4 963: all killed

"Boy, you are courting death!" Another sturdy big man heard that Xiao Yan had insulted their Xuanling royal family in such a way, and immediately became angry, a long spear appeared in his hand, his figure flashed, and he launched an attack on Xiao Yan.

"The gun is re-run!" Another sturdy big man shouted loudly, a burst of blue light emerged from the long spear in his hand, and then directly attacked Xiao Yantian Linggai, such a terrifying blow, if it hits, the consequences are unimaginable!

"Dangdang!" Although the sturdy man's attack and strength were tyrannical, Xiao Yan's soul power was too strong. The sturdy man's attack was already seen through by Xiao Yan, so Xiao Yan gently lifted Yi Huoheng. Gu Chi stopped his attack.

"How could it be..." Seeing this, the sturdy big man couldn't help but say something.

His attack is extremely powerful, and his moves are variable. Even the captain can't necessarily guess the number of his attacks. How could this guy in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor be so terrifying.

"Let's go up together, otherwise you will have no chance." Xiao Yan lifted the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, and immediately knocked the sturdy man back a few feet.

"I attacked the left, you attacked the right, and decided not to let these two guys run away, otherwise we will all die." The two looked at each other, and then the sturdy captain said something, and then there was a trace of evil in the two of them. Power.

"To actually collude with the evil race from outside the territory, I really think highly of you."

"If that's the case, then let's play with you." A khaki flame suddenly appeared all over Xiao Yan's body.

And this khaki flame just appeared, which immediately made the two sturdy men feel uncomfortable.

"damn it."

"Captain, what kind of flame is this, so strong to suppress." Another subordinate said.

"This should be the flame that restrains the power in our body, be careful."

"Go!" After the sturdy captain finished speaking, he immediately took the lead.

"The strength of these two guys should only be in the middle stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor. It was only because the blood curse of the foreign evil race was added to their body that they soared to the late stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor."

"But this skyrocketing strength is too floating." The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth moved.

"Be careful little brother, the strength of these two is in the late stage of the Seven-Star Dou Di!" The injured man's internal injuries were more than half healed, but seeing Xiao Yan like this, he couldn't help but speak out.

Although until now, the injured man did not know why Xiao Yan wanted to save him.

"Boy, meddling with one's own affairs will kill you." The sturdy captain said, and the giant axe in his hand slammed down towards Xiao Yan, and a huge axe with the size of a hundred meters roared out.

There is not only a very high temperature above the axe, but also a very weak evil power!

And that evil power Xiao Yan is no stranger to it, it seems to be the flavor of the Gorefiends!

"The first foot of the seven-layered sky-breaking ruler!"

"Three-step swimming ruler!" The khaki-yellow holy flames appeared on Xiao Yan's body, and he snorted lightly.

And as Xiao Yan's voice fell, the speed actually skyrocketed, breaking through the siege of the sturdy captain in a short period of time, and then heading off towards another sturdy man!

Xiao Yan's purpose is very simple.

Kill the weak first and then deal with the strong.

With the huge soul power, Xiao Yan can know that although the two in front of them both belong to the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, the strength of the sturdy captain can be said to be at the peak of the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, while the other one has just stepped into it. So naturally there are trade-offs.

"Not good!" The sturdy big man watched his attack go into the air, and immediately realized something, his eyes suddenly turned to the other side of himself, and shouted, "Be careful!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"late!"

"Second foot!"

"The waves are stacked a thousand feet!" A frivolous voice sounded slowly!

And the voice just sounded, and suddenly, in this space, countless huge shadows appeared, and then suddenly merged together, appearing in Xiao Yan's hands, and they split out with one foot, which is earth-shattering!

"Plop!" With such a terrifying blow, the sturdy man didn't have time to be surprised and defended, and he died instantly, not even a trace of scum was left.

"You bastard, go to hell." Seeing that his subordinates were instantly destroyed, the sturdy captain roared in anger.

"Don't worry, it will be your turn soon." Xiao Yan took back the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire and confronted this guy.

"Bastard **** bastard!" The sturdy big man used three **** in a row, showing how angry he was!

"Boy, I didn't want to use that thing, you forced me!" After the sturdy man finished speaking, a mysterious bloodstain flashing with countless evils suddenly appeared in the palm of his hand.

Above the bloodstain, circles of evil and extremely disgusting aura permeated.

"Second-class blood curse..." Xiao Yan said with an uneven expression.

Ever since the ruins of the bright moon, I have vaguely known that the Xuanling royal family seems to have colluded with the foreign evil clan, but Xiao Yan has never imagined that the way of this foreign evil clan's collusion is so thorough that even such a small team leader has blood. curse.

"Imperial Seal, Kai!" The sturdy captain didn't seem to know that it was a blood curse, so he muttered.

And as the sturdy captain finished talking, the blood curse turned into a dazzling power, which continuously gathered in his body.

At the same time, its strength also skyrocketed. In a short period of time, it broke through the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor and reached the level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor Consummation, but the breath was full of evil.

"Boy, suffer!" The sturdy big man whose strength skyrocketed because of the use of the blood curse raised the giant axe in his hand and said fiercely to Xiao Yan.

"Before it was changed, maybe I would be at a loss, but now the huge power of the soul is coupled with the holy flame that restrains the evil race outside the territory."

"A mere Seven Star Dou Di is complete What are you afraid of?" Xiao Yan's pupils showed a trace of fiery heat, and then he tightly held the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire in his palm, and dazzling holy flames continued to emerge.

A dazzling holy flame emerged, with a faint aura of suppressing the strength of the sturdy man.

"Ling Tian Zhan!" The sturdy man's **** axe slashed down at Xiao Yan.

The difference is that the strength of this attack is far more powerful than before!

"The fourth foot, the sky-shattering ruler!" Xiao Yan's voice suddenly appeared, as if blasting through the sky, it echoed!

"Boom!" An incomparably huge beam of 100 feet, facing the power of holy flame, which evolved and evolved into evil, suddenly hit the sturdy captain!

"So strong!" This was the first reaction of the sturdy captain. Even if he used the emperor's seal to strengthen his strength, he didn't seem to be a match for the guy in front of him.

"It's better to go first, this guy is too strong." The intention to retreat was born in his heart, and he immediately launched an attack in Du, and immediately prepared to escape!

"Huang Quan... Heaven's Wrath!" Just when the sturdy captain was distracted, a deadly soul attack silently hit the sturdy captain's soul center.

The next moment, the sturdy captain of the big man fell from the air like a dead dog, and his whole body was indifferent!

"Thundering means to kill the late stage two-star seven-star Dou Di, such a strong little guy..." And the face of the injured man also became solemn and joyful at this time.

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . . Mobile version reading website: m.