Chapter Vol 4 1244: 2 Star Douxian late stage

"Damn, our whereabouts have been exposed!" Yufeng couldn't help but look ugly when he heard the harsh voice.

The people of Kuyezhai did not know what poison they had given to them. Their strength was suppressed by an extremely tyrannical force, and every time they used Dou Qi, their body would immediately suffer a terrifying torture. Furthermore, as time passed, their strength will be temporarily sealed.

At this time, the only two strong two-star fighting immortals among the ten people, who originally possessed the strength of the late two-star fighting immortals, were abruptly suppressed to the middle two-star fighting immortals, and their aura was also very sluggish.

"Hey, it's raining, it's really been a long time." In the next moment, several figures appeared directly.

"Ye Sheng, you're deceiving people too much!" Yu Ran Ran forcefully said calmly.

"Hey, the woman I liked by Ye Sheng, but no one can run away." Ye Sheng laughed.

"Third Young Master, the strength of these two guys should not be underestimated. Let's fight quickly." The next moment, an old man next to Ye Sheng said slowly.

"Fifth elders, leave these two guys to me, you just need to be on guard." Ye Sheng smiled.

He is the strength of the late two-star fighting immortal, and although Yufeng and Yu Ranran's strength is also the late two-star fighting immortal, but after the poison, the strength of the two is only the middle two-star fighting immortal.

With his own strength, not to mention dealing with two middle stage two-star Dou Xian powerhouses, or even five of them.

"Sister Ran Ran, you go first!" Yufeng saw this, his figure flickered, he came directly in front of Yu Ran Ran, pushed him away, and turned out to be trying to use his grudge to send Yu Ran Ran out of the battle circle.

"It's really true love in adversity... But I won't give you this chance." Ye Sheng naturally wouldn't give the two of them this chance to escape. After all, this time he brought the five elders with him. Second, it is also to repair the materials of the space teleportation formation. With that thing, the senior management of their Kuye Zhai can force Yuzong to hand over the management rights of the space transmission formation, and lose the management right of the space transmission formation. Kuye Zhai is able to devour Yuzong little by little.

"Crash!" Ye Sheng waved his sleeves directly, and suddenly a tyrannical beam of light suddenly disappeared towards the space where Yu Ran had left.

"Damn..." Seeing that the retreat was blocked, Yufeng shouted angrily.

"Yu Ran Ran, hand it over to me, I'll give you a treat." Ye Sheng completely blocked Yu Ran Ran's escape route and spoke immediately.

"You... dreaming." Yu Ran Ran faced Ye Sheng and smiled.

"You're courting death!" Ye Sheng was furious when he heard the words, his figure instantly turned into a stream of light, and then he hid in the darkness and swept away towards the rain.

"Where did Ye Sheng go?" Seeing Ye Sheng act like this, Yufeng was also at a loss.

"I didn't expect you to be a rare dark type." Yu Ran Ran didn't move, but her eyes kept sweeping slightly towards the dark space.

Darkness, with the help of this dark space, the traces of its silhouettes are slowly merging, making it difficult for everyone to detect with the naked eye.

"Enjoy the embrace of darkness!" Ye Sheng's voice sounded, but this time he didn't know where it sounded, it came from all directions in the darkness.

"Hehe, the third young master's use of the dark system is really consummate, and I'm afraid it will be able to shine in the next East Continent ratio." The fifth elder on the side said with a smile.

"Black Dark Palm!" Just when a touch of fear filled the hearts of everyone, a fierce wind breaking sounded directly in the dark void.

"Pfft!" Although Yu Ran Ran's strength is tyrannical, but under the influence of poison, and this Broken Soul Cave is Ye Sheng's home court, he did not find Ye Sheng's voice for a while, and was hit by such a tyrannical blow, he endured Suddenly a mouthful of blood spurted out.

"Sister Ran Ran!" Seeing Yu Ran Ran being hit so hard, Yufeng and the others couldn't help roaring.

"It's raining, it's just like that..."

"Die!" Seeing that Yu Ran Ran did not evade his attack, a mouthful of blood spewed out, Ye Sheng laughed loudly, and then the strength in his body was condensed, and he wanted to deliver a fatal blow to him.

"Dark Priest - Ming Ze!" A roar resounded throughout the entire space.

Ye Sheng's voice just fell, and suddenly the entire space was filled with an extremely strange force, as if it wanted to devour everyone!

"Ah ah ah!"

"what happened?"

"The rock under our feet seems to be devouring our body and strength?" A voice of fear came directly from the remaining members of Yuzong's mouth.

"It's actually Ming Ze!"

"It seems that the third young master is preparing for a quick battle. After all, this move has wiped out the real two-star fighting immortal late stage powerhouse. At this time, it is more than enough to deal with them." The fifth elder said slowly.

"Die!"

"Those who are dragged down by my Mingze will have their souls swallowed up!"

"Hahaha!" In the darkness, Ye Sheng's voice full of laughter.

"Ye Sheng, stop me!" Just when Ye Sheng felt that the victory was in his hands, a sweet voice emerged.

"Yuwei, why are you coming back?" Yu Ran Ran's body was being slowly swallowed by Ming Ze, but she was shocked when she heard this voice!

She and Yuwei are sisters from the beginning, so she can't go wrong with her sister Yuwei's voice.

"Sister!" Yu Wei just showed up, and she hurried away towards Yu regardless.

"You've thrown yourself into the net, let's die." Ye Sheng couldn't figure out why Yuwei came back here, but Deacon Ye didn't come back, but it didn't matter. After they were completely swallowed by Mingze, they would all be theirs.

"Slow down Why are you walking so fast..." From behind, a complaining voice sounded slowly.

"You Ming Tian Trance!"

"Break it for me!" Xiao Yan also took off his black robe along the way. At this time, he just appeared in the dark space, and a delicate face slowly came into everyone's sight.

As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, an incomparably huge soul force suddenly emerged from the spiritual palace within the body, and then walked away to Ye Sheng, who was hiding in the darkness and performing fighting skills.

The appearance of Xiao Yan's soul attack filled this dark space with light, and Ye Sheng's body was actually very close to Yu Ran Ran.

"Pfft!" Ye Sheng didn't have time to be surprised, and suddenly a mouthful of blood spurted out. Even Ming Ze, who was about to devour the crowd, was self-destructed and slowly dissipated.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"How can it be……"

"Wonderland Soul..." Being attacked by such a tyrannical soul, Ye Sheng's pupils shrank tightly, and a touch of fear emerged in his heart.

Xiao Yan's sudden soul attack just now was enough to inflict tyrannical damage on Ye Sheng.

"This guy... so strong..." Looking at the smiling young man in the sky, and the group of Yuzong below, they couldn't help looking at each other.

"Sister, it's alright."

"This guy is the rescuer I invited. With him there, it's fine." Yu Wei said slightly, and then she turned her attention to Xiao Yan.