Chapter Vol 4 2100: The last step, the challenge part!

"Success...success?" Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, everyone present was full of astonishment, with expressions of disbelief.

The golden arrow just now seems simple, but only the strong people in the deep mountain range like Hunmu and others can feel the coercion of heaven and earth from the inside out. Destroyed and perished, fell under its divine might.

Moreover, after taking Dan Lei, he had to face such means as medicinal pills, and finally, under Xiao Yan's prestige, it became quite easy?

"Brother Xiao Yan." At this moment, Xun'er's soft eyes flashed with a hint of pride. Immediately, she took the form of Yan Ting, floated gently, crossed the void, and stepped into the Linggu Mountains, like a tame cat Er was quietly guarding Xiao Yan's side.

Xiao Yan has successfully refined the medicinal pill, and there is nothing else to do next.

"Madam." The scales on Xiao Yan's body were already extremely dim, and even a burning sensation and numbness continued to emerge, and there was even no trace of vindictiveness in his body, and he suddenly leaned on Xun'er's body lightly. On the shoulders of incense, lethargic.

"Brother Xiao Yan, you have done a good job." Xun'er supported Xiao Yan with both hands, and the pure power of flame was transported away, alleviating Xiao Yan's weak state, and the distress in her heart became more obvious.

"Haha, my medicine clan festival really hasn't been so lively for a long time."

"The grand ceremony has come to an end. I also ask all the contestants to take out the medicinal pills you have refined and hand them over to our high-level pharmacist to judge and verify. Ten minutes later, the number one pharmacist in the mainland will also have his own." In this scene, Yao Wanwan chuckled lightly, but even if he didn't need to speak, I am afraid that the first pharmacist in this continent already has a final attribution.

"Dong dong dong!" As soon as Yao Wanwan's voice fell, ten immortal-order seventh-grade medicinal pills with different expressions were projected one by one. These medicinal pills already possessed good intelligence, but in the Xiao Yan also became quiet under the golden arc of lightning, so it was easily subdued by everyone. They were in the form of human beasts, and there was an endless stream of them. Unfortunately, only the holy pill refined by Xiao Yan, the whole body was round and did not transform anything. The vision, but this medicine pill is more terrifying than the medicine pill refined by anyone.

"Xiao Yan, don't be too happy, after the grand ceremony, there will be another round, I will make you regret it." Seeing Xiao Yan's wealth and beauty, Shen Hong couldn't help sneering, and endless killing intent swept out.

As long as he kills Xiao Yan, the first alchemist will be in a different position!

Ten minutes are fleeting.

"Hehe, this medicine clan festival has ended, and the final champion also belongs."

"I declare in the name of the Patriarch of the Medicine Clan."

"The champion of this Yao Family Grand Ceremony is... Xiao Yan!" Yao Wan Wan's voice just fell, and the audience suddenly boiled over, and voices of envy could not help but emerge.

Such a young saint-level pharmacist is unheard of.

"It's surprising to say that this guy has refined the eighth-grade holy rank Xuandan, even now I can't see why there is no transformation vision. I'm ashamed." Looking at Xiao Yan, Yao Wan was extremely He said something black.

"Hehe, thanks to the humility of the strong men, let the boy get this title by luck."

"By the way, I'm actually the Lord of the Endless Fire Territory. If you are interested, you can join it. When the time comes, you can refine medicine pills, etc. The junior will provide you with good convenience." Seeing that the time was ripe, Xiao Yan also threw out his own identity. After all, if the first pharmacist in the Dou Emperor Continent was taken away by an unknown generation, I am afraid that the Yao family would also be extremely itchy.

"Endless Fire Territory..." Listening to Xiao Yan's opening, the other powerhouses also nodded. They naturally knew some news about the Endless Fire Territory, but now that the title of the No. 1 Alchemist in the mainland will undoubtedly help him Add countless powers.

"The grand ceremony is over, my medicine family will warmly entertain you, and those who want to stay can also drink to their heart's content."

"During this period, the medicine clan festival will continue for a while." Yao Xuanyi and the others laughed.

"Haha, the medicine clan festival is really a rare event in a hundred years."

"..." Voices emerged one after another, but some high-level forces were also looking at Xiao Yan and seemed to be weighing some things.

The Endless Fire Territory has now become a strong force on the Dou Di Continent, and now it has the support of the ancient clan and the continent's No.

"Seniors, you seem to have forgotten something very important."

"The contestants have the right to challenge the champion. If they defeat the champion, they can replace the champion." At this moment, with Shen Hong's exit, the audience was silent.

With the strength Xiao Yan showed in this grand ceremony, even some eight-star fighting immortals would not dare to fight him head-on. In the end, even Yao Yichen, the arrogant person in the sky, lost his courage to confront him. How confident is Shen Hong, who can't even get it?

"There is indeed such a link." Listening to Shen Hong's opening, Yao Wan Wan also said again, but his brows wrinkled, thinking deeply.

Originally, he thought that Xiao Yan had displayed such terrifying strength, and there should be no one who would not open his eyes to challenge him, so he wanted to omit this step.

"Shen Hong, what are you doing!"

"Retire for this old man!" Seeing Shen Hong's move, the old monster Shen Xi scolded.

They were arrogant and arrogant like Yanxuan of the Yan clan. They did not kill Xiao Yan with the power of forbidden techniques. Xiao Yan's strength was no longer on the same level as theirs.

"Xiyue Sect Shen Hong, challenge the champion Xiao Yan!" Shen Hong didn't care about this. He had an agreement with Liu Hao, and there were many treasures that Liu Hao gave him. Naturally, he wanted to try his best, even though it was only a The secrets of himself and Liu Hao were unknown to the other powerhouses of Xiyue Sect.

"Xiao Yan, can you agree?" Yao Wan Wan is also not easy to refuse. After all, what he said before is not easy to do in front of many powerful people.

"I agree." Xiao Yan nodded, and there was a deep meaning in his eyes.

"It takes an hour to recover the grudge, and after that, the challenge begins." Yao Wan Wan said helplessly.

"Weng Om!" After Shun breath both of them sat up cross-legged, trying to recover the vindictive energy consumed in their bodies, and there were strong people from the medicine family, and there were many elixir to restore vindictive energy.

"What the **** is this Shen Hong doing?" Yao Yichen couldn't help shaking his head.

Originally, he was also going to challenge Xiao Yan, but after witnessing Xiao Yan's successive terrifying strength, he could only secretly swear that he would defeat Xiao Yan in an upright manner next time.

"This Shen Hong is narrow-minded, and he will pay for it. He doesn't know what medicine is sold in the gourd." Hun Mu also stood up together.

"Strange, why can't use the ancient clan order, can't call the seniors Gu Yuan and the others..." Xun'er gently guarded Xiao Yan, trying to use the ancient clan order, but it was unsuccessful, but he didn't get into it for a while.

All of a sudden, the audience boiled over. Xiao Yan's medicine refining skills and combat power were obvious to all. Did Shen Hong rely on him or go to die?

For a time, everyone was also looking forward to the final curtain ratio, not knowing what surprises Shen Hong would bring.