Chapter 367: Dragon Claw!

The woman just finished speaking, the fairy sword inserted on the ground also exudes a power, and then slowly injects it into the woman. With the injection of this power, the strength of the woman also skyrockets, and it is achieved in a short period of time. The level of the Seven Star Dou Di.

"This is no different from some secret methods, but the duration is too short." The woman also saw Xiao Yan's doubts and said.

"Be careful, the space here is very strange, even the body of a fighting emperor can't use it..."

"If you lose, then just give up, we are trying to figure out a way." The voice of the Golden Dragon King also slowly echoed in this space.

"Yes." Xiao Yan also replied softly, but he couldn't help feeling a little moved by the concern of his master, the Golden Dragon King.

Moreover, Xiao Yan also vaguely knew that this source of life stone would also be of indescribable benefit for his master to restore his strength in the future, so he had to get this source of life stone no matter what.

"If that's the case, let's start." Xiao Yan also closed his eyes slightly, then the next moment, his eyes suddenly opened, and an extremely vigilant gaze was also scanning the Origin of Life Stone.

White Xiao handed over to Black Xiao Yan. The two of them also knew the significance of this action, so they did not dare to be slighted, and their aura was also enhanced to the extreme.

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, the Golden Dragon King, Long Yi and the woman exuded extremely terrifying fluctuations, and then an extremely huge force also attacked!

The target is the broken space in front of you!

The three of them feigned attack, which could reduce Xiao Yan a little bit of pressure.

"Gugugu!" The three extremely terrifying attacks turned into powder when they entered the shattered space within nine meters!

Even if the three of them join forces, they are only one meter away!

This broken space is so terrifying!

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, Bai Xiaoyan also moved, and the fingerprints changed rapidly, and then the next moment, the space in front of Bai Xiaoyan also wriggled!

In this regard, Hei Xiao Yan also nodded knowingly, and then there was a hint of heaviness in his eyes.

The next moment, Black Xiao Yan also ignored him completely, then wrapped his body in milky white flames, and suddenly stepped into the squirming space.

As the black Xiao Yan stepped into the wriggling space, a lot of sweat beads appeared on the white Xiao Yan's forehead, and then the aura all over his body burst out!

Traveling through space is extremely exhausting!

"Damn it, it must be successful!" White Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and reluctantly said, because this black Xiao Yan was cultivated by the power of the emperor's mortal soul!

Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan's body are both prosperous and damaged. If something happens to this avatar, then Xiao Yan will also suffer a terrifying backlash. This is not what Xiao Yan is happy to see.

The attack of the Golden Dragon King and the three did not stop, because they all knew the horror of this broken space, so the attacks were also issued continuously.

"Shabu!" At this time, with the attack of the Golden Dragon King and the three of them, in the broken space, the source of life stone in the circular object also emitted a faint light, obviously knowing that someone was trying to break into the space here generally!

There was a slight gleam of light, and then it fell silent again, as if it had always been so bleak.

"Tick tock..." Under the Origin of Life, the round object also dropped a few drops of water.

"Boom boom boom!" As a few water droplets fell, many plants appeared on the seemingly smooth ground!

These plants obviously appeared out of thin air, and they started to grow crazily as soon as they appeared, and then the strange thing was that above the plants, the terrifying aura also emanated instantly!

With the appearance of these plants, an aura like death instantly filled Xiao Yan's heart.

"This is……"

"The taste of the realm..." The next moment, the Golden Dragon King's pupils also shrank suddenly, and then his eyes stared at the water droplets in the round object in front of him!

These plants are obviously what the water droplets did, so with the eyesight of the Golden Dragon King, he recognized the taste of the realm at a glance, and the water droplets can actually emit the fluctuations of the realm!

"The secret in this Origin of Life is really not easy!" Although the Golden Dragon King doesn't know why this Origin of Life is so terrifying, but anyone who has come into contact with the word "domain" is synonymous with the powerhouse above Dou Xian, so now he This source of life stone is also different.

"It's still a little bit..." Bai Xiao Yan was also struggling to support, and the squirming space in front of him was still going on!

This wriggling space is the last escape for his black Xiao Yan soul power clone!

It was the black Xiao Yan who entered the squirming space, and the next moment he could also appear next to the source of life stone out of thin air. However, in order to be safe, Xiao Yan did not rashly let the black Xiao Yan take action. Enough to grasp!

Black Xiao Yan is a avatar of soul power, so Xiao Yan can sometimes control him, but this avatar of soul power is also an independent entity, and it is only dominated by Xiao Yan.

"It can't be like this anymore!" The Golden Dragon King's pupils also changed into golden dragon pupils!

The golden dragon eye just appeared, and a very special power also emanated from the golden dragon king in the state of soul...

That breath is like the supreme power between heaven and earth, ruling the world!

"What a terrifying aura..."

"The Golden Dragon King in the state of the soul is so powerful, so how powerful should the Golden Dragon King be at its peak..." Long Yi couldn't help but say, because the moment the Golden Dragon King's golden pupils appeared, there was a burst of hair. The terrifying coercion that originated from the depths of the soul also directly made Long Yi worship him!

"Is this the peak of Shizu's current strength..." Bai Xiaoyan struggled to support the squirming space, while staring at the Golden Dragon King in front of him.

According to Xiao Yan's guess, the Golden Dragon King at this time has truly possessed the strength of the Fighting Immortal level!

Fighting Immortal Powerhouse Even on this Mysterious Spirit Continent, he is a peak-like existence, turning the river and the sea between the clouds and the hands.

"It really happened twice..." The woman also said slowly, obviously shocked by the terrifying breath of the Golden Dragon King, but the next moment, she also saw those plants in the broken space, and attacked them with their teeth and claws. !

So I didn't have time to think about it, my breath burst out, and the terrifying fluctuations also attacked those mysterious plants!

"Dragon God Claw!" The next moment, the Golden Dragon King's human-like body, one palm also turned into a dragon claw, and then slightly raised the dragon claw exuding golden light, and then fiercely photographed the broken space in front of him!

The golden dragon claws and golden scales are quite luxurious, and together with the invincible power, they also attack the broken space!

"Boom boom boom!" The seemingly simple blow actually contained the power of the Golden Dragon King's domain, and then a few people saw it, when the Golden Dragon King's golden dragon claws were photographed in the broken space!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The shattering space that originally had a radius of ten meters made a loud shattering sound. Obviously, only five meters were destroyed!

But those plants on the ground, even if they were only attacked by the remaining power of the dragon's claws, would be torn apart!

This dragon claw, which contains the power of the domain, is so terrifying!

Ask for tickets!