Chapter Vol 4 1861: The main event, go to forget the world!

The next day, the morning sun rose, and it was a calm day on the Tianxing Continent.

"Have you decided?" At this time, the Empress of the Stars Lin Yunshu, Ji Xuan and the Emperor slowly appeared behind Xiao Yan, and the Empress said hesitantly.

Since learning that Xiao Yan woke up, the entire Star Continent was in a state of extreme excitement, but in order to protect Xiao Yan from leaking the news, the Empress did not release the real news. Thousands of forces and people.

"En... Saint Yan is really important to me." Xiao Yan also said with a solemn expression.

I meditated and practiced in the secret room for ten days, stabilized my body strength and the power of the devil, and just retired, and just after I retired, I was greeted by these guys, and I felt the warmth of home, and the power of the devil caused me. The sequelae are also negligible.

After three days of drinking, Xiao Yan and Empress Xingchen formally proposed the matter of Immortal Flame. When Empress Xingchen heard this, although she had many concerns, she also agreed to Xiao Yan to tear the space for her today and enter the location of Immortal Flame. .

As for other matters, such as the secret alliance of the three continents, Xiao Yan and the Empress had a lot of conversations. Even if Xiao Yan refused, the senior officials of the Sky Star Continent agreed with the overwhelming votes. In this way, the endless fire The domain is equivalent to having three continents as the base, and it is also a crucial step for its development.

"Okay, okay, I really can't do anything about you."

"But there is one thing I have to tell you in advance." Lin Yunshu shook his head with a smile.

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan immediately listened carefully.

"Immortal flame is indeed in our Tianxing Continent, but it is in a special area, where only the power of the stars can reach, I will pave the way for you later, and send you to Wangtianya, just a record about the immortal flame, There is no news or records in our royal family, you can only be careful yourself." Lin Yunshu said apologetically, after all, the power of stars has withered for hundreds of generations and only appeared here, so Immortal Flame is probably quiet and silent for a few days. Thousands of years or even tens of thousands of years.

"Well, don't worry, my life is tough." Xiao Yan said with a smile, saying goodbye to these guys.

There are not many people, only Lin Yunshu, Ji Xuan and the emperor, but there are also many high-level royal family members who Xiao Yan can't name.

"By the way, you bring this little guy. She has some power that has the same origin as immortal flame, maybe it can help you." After Shunxi, behind the emperor, a little girl with double ponytails like a porcelain doll, pitch black His big eyes looked at Xiao Yan with fear.

"Cough cough...Senior, I'm not here to play, let me take such a small girl..." Xiao Yan hurriedly shied away.

"Ouch!" Hearing Xiao Yan shirk like this, the figure of the little girl with two ponytails burst out, and immediately appeared in front of Xiao Yan after breaking away from the emperor, with a neat white tooth biting directly at Xiao Yan's arm.

"I...you!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan felt a trace of pain, and on his arm, a row of neat teeth marks were also left on it.

Being able to bite Xiao Yan's dazzling arm, which had undergone the Dragon God Transformation and the power of the devil, was so red and even painful that Xiao Yan couldn't help but be curious about this little girl.

"This guy doesn't seem to be us humans. A hundred years ago, I tried to break the space and enter the world of forgetfulness. During the crisis, I was lucky to be rescued by her. After bringing her back, she fell into a deep sleep and only woke up recently." The emperor explained, following the right This little guy loves it too.

"Okay, okay, it's not too late, let's do it." After everyone laughed, Ji Xuan said.

"En." As soon as the words fell, Lin Yunshu's whole body became bright and clear, and a vast and boundless energy like a star swept away, and slowly blasted away at the sky.

"Boom!" For a time, the entire sky became turbulent, and at the top of the mountain, a terrifying crack that was enough to destroy everything was torn apart.

"Is this the road to the stars that can step into the specially approved space..." Xiao Yan smiled slowly as he saw a path of stars that was as bright and vast as the stars in the terrifying crack in front of him.

"Whoosh whoosh!" At this time, in the distance of Tianxing Continent, dozens of pure white halos were like a holy arc, roaring towards the palace with the momentum of thunder.

"No, there are other powerhouses coming. Looking at this breath, it seems to be malicious?"

"I'm afraid it's the people of the Holy See. The speed is really fast." At this time, the emperor's majestic perception permeated out, and he couldn't help but whispered after the breath.

"Xiao Yan, let's go!"

"Let's do the rest." Lin Yunshu shouted, looking at the rays of light bursting from his body into white arrows, but there was an unquestionable voice in his voice.

"Farewell!"

"The Endless Fire Territory, please, wait for me to get out of the customs." Xiao Yan's eyes sank, then he hugged the little girl with one hand, and plunged directly into the crack, heading towards Wang Tianya.

Moments later, the space was closed, and the sky returned to its original clear sky.

"What are you doing!" In an instant, dozens of pure white halos suddenly came here, looking at the huge crack that had just disappeared, the leader couldn't help roaring.

A white robe was mixed with gray and blue, and it was obviously a group of people who were not weak in the Holy See.

"Holy see believers, disrespectful and disrespectful." After successfully sending Xiao Yan away, the emperor said to the oncoming figures.

"What were you doing just now?" The Holy See asked with gloomy eyes. In the space crack just now, they smelled a terrifying force.

"Just for a friend."

"Everyone who came from afar, please join the royal family."

"Please." After speaking, the emperor also gently walked towards the palace compound. As for these guys from the Holy See, you don't need to ask to know that they are here to investigate the fall of the parade angel Mekal, but with the old fox like the emperor here, naturally not Any tail will leak out, but this kind of thing can’t quench the thirst of the near, I am afraid that sooner or later the Holy See will find out the truth. At that time, with the Holy See’s injuries and shortcomings, whether it is Xiao ~ or The endless fire domain behind him, and even the Tianxing Continent, would probably be a real catastrophe.

But these are things to come later. Even with the Holy See's intelligence gathering power, it will take a lot of time, not to mention the help of the Tianxing Continent and the Haohai Continent, which has given Xiao Yan a lot of breathing opportunities. Yan is also trying to improve himself.

In addition, the ancient forbidden area far away in Douyun Continent slowly erupted with a strange wave, as if some **** was about to leave the customs, and only Gu Xun'er entered the forbidden area...

As for the Soul Clan, they were also extremely angry at this time. The fall of Huangtang Hall Master Soul Wuji caused the Soul Clan to put extremely tyrannical pressure on the Soul Temple, but due to the demonic power on Xiao Yan, they did not dare to act rashly for a while.

And the most strange thing is that at the last moment of the catastrophe on the Tianxing Continent, the enchantment of light was broken, but the executors who did not control the Doudi Sifang Continent took action to maintain order. This is also an extremely strange thing.

...