Chapter Vol 4 1493: Heavenly Poison Brake Awakens!

"Hahaha!"

"The coffin hidden by the Heavenly King is mine!" Many strong men intercepted Xiao Yan easily, and immediately used Shen Jun of the Soul Beast Alliance, Liu Yang, the living dead of the Thousand Puppet Ghost Sect, and Mu Xi, who were the closest to the mountain. Sure enough, he went to the top of the mountain regardless of the others.

"Damn, I can't let them succeed." The hearts of many strong people will become hot at that time. They know that whoever falls into the hands of a coffin, I am afraid that this trip to the ruins will end, and there is a king in the coffin. The hidden corpses may even contain many treasures such as 'The Seal of the Heavenly King'.

"Boom!" The three at the front were extremely fast, and in a blink of an eye, they crossed the mountain and came to the circular ground at the top of the mountain.

"Bumble!" The three of them had just arrived on the circular ground at the top of the mountain, when they felt a chill emerge from their hearts, even a wave of death, gently emanating from the coffin. He came out, but after a short period of weighing, he still did not stop.

"The evil aura on this black flame sword is too terrifying." The three of them had just set foot, and they were only a few meters away from the coffin, their eyes became vigilant, and every step was extremely careful.

"What are you waiting for!"

"Go!" Shen Jun, who looked at the Soul Beast Alliance, hesitated, but Mu Xi and the living dead Liu Yang snorted coldly and moved quickly, facing the black coffin.

"Pfft!" When the two were just five meters away from the black coffin, a milky white light suddenly appeared, isolating their bodies.

"Enchantment?" Seeing a milky white light emerging from five meters outside the black coffin, it contained an extremely terrifying and tyrannical aura, Mu Xi took a deep breath, but the milky white barrier suddenly became illusory. Apparently it has consumed so much power over time that it is very broken now.

"Thousand-faced puppet, Wansi ghost!"

"The power of ghosts!" After the barrier appeared, the living dead Liu Yang's eyes became sharp. He knew the tyranny of the barrier. If the barrier was intact, they would have no chance. Unfortunately, the barrier was already extremely illusory. It can be erased in the flip of a hand, and immediately the dazzling dark ghost energy burst out and poured directly onto the enchantment.

"Why are you standing still!"

"Hurry up and break the barrier." The living dead Liu Yang snorted coldly.

"Okay." When Mu Xi heard the words, he suppressed the shock and other concerns in his heart, and it could be seen that the two of them seemed to have reached some kind of consensus before.

"Bastard!" The other Tianyin Sect, Wanhungong and others also came towards the top of the mountain one after another, but Xiao Yan's figure suddenly retreated.

Xiao Yan seemed to be forced to retreat by the attacks of many strong men, but it was not the case. It was just a deliberate move by Xiao Yan. After all, although these guys' attacks were tyrannical, they did not kill anyone. Xiao Yan was very easy to deal with. .

"Bang bang bang!" With the dazzling power of the living dead Liu Yang and Mu Xi injected into the milky white barrier, a tiny black mist that was difficult to catch with the naked eye suddenly appeared on the milky white barrier. , and then combined with the power of the two, instantly broke the enchantment.

"Do it!" Seeing that the barrier was broken, he didn't have any other thoughts to find out what the tiny black mist was. The living dead Liu Yang shouted loudly and came to the black coffin in front of the black coffin. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"The coffin of the Tianwangzang." The two were in front of the black coffin, and their hearts were shocked, and they smiled slowly.

"Shabu Shabu!" Then, both of them stretched out their palms wrapped in Dou Qi at the same time, and probed towards the black coffin.

"Damn...a step too late." Tianyin Sect and other powerhouses also came to the top of the mountain one after another, but watching the two of the living dead take the lead, they couldn't help saying.

"Boom!" The figures of the living dead and Mu Xi were in the black coffin, one after the other, while the evil giant sword wrapped in black flames descended from the top down and completely penetrated the coffin, but at this time, the two actually did not have any movement.

"Sisi!" The palms of the living dead and Mu Xi suddenly touched the black coffin, but the strange thing was that nothing abnormal happened.

"Strange, why doesn't this coffin react at all?" The coffin that was touched by the living dead and Mu Xi didn't react at all, and the two immediately looked at each other with a hint of doubt in their eyes.

"Liu Yang, Mu Xi, put your things down, or you two will die today!" Shen Jun of the Soul Beast Alliance was a little far away from the black coffin, so he could only snort coldly.

"Dream!" The living dead contacted Mu Xi, snorted coldly, and then used all his strength to try to crack the black coffin.

"..." But what was waiting for the two of them was a dead silence. Obviously, no matter how hard the two of them tried, the black coffin stood motionless on the ground.

"What's the matter?" the living dead couldn't help asking.

"This black coffin seems to be integrated with the mountain, and it is extremely difficult to open." For some reason, a trace of fear slowly emerged from Mu Xi's heart.

"Crash!" Just when everyone was amazed and puzzled, a huge wave with a fierce wind attacked the two living dead with overwhelming force.

"The guy from the Hidden Soul Society?"

"Not good!" The living dead and Mu Xi's eyes shrank tightly However, under such a tyrannical attack from the comer, the dazzling fighting spirit was displayed in an instant. At this time, it was obviously impossible for them to retreat.

"You've been tricked!"

"Suffer to death!" Noticing that the living dead and Mu Xi didn't step back, Mo Baixuan, the second child of the Hidden Soul Society, sneered, and the handprints quickly changed to a strange and eerie handprint.

At that time, the energy fluctuations that contained the monstrous water-type fighting skills were injected with something extremely evil, and without any hesitation, they suddenly whizzed away at the two.

"Pfft!" Suddenly, Mu Xi spurted out a mouthful of blood, and when the living dead caught Mo Baixuan's attack, their breath became extremely chaotic, but Mu Xi's blood spewed strangely onto the black coffin. .

Suddenly, cracks appeared on the extremely solid black coffin, and even at the end, the sound of shattering sounded slowly.

"Bang bang bang!" With the injection of blood, the black coffin exploded in an instant, and at the same time, a heart-pounding wave swept away.

"Weng Om!" The black coffin exploded, and immediately circles of incomparably evil dark demonic energy suddenly spread out from the coffin. At that time, a stalwart aura, like a demon from the abyss of hell, slowly wake.

At the top of the mountain, a corpse slowly emerged. At the chest of the corpse, the black flame giant sword completely pierced it, and the black coffin was turned into powder.

"Heavenly Poison Temple, it really isn't dead!" Seeing the sudden scene in the sky, Xiao Yan frowned and spoke slowly. His voice was filled with an unusually solemn aura, because this was possessed by the black coffin. The strength of the memory that came out gave Xiao Yan a sense of weight like falling into an abyss! The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://