Chapter Vol 4 1704: No. 10 on the Immortal Item List, the Cage of Taboo!

"I'm afraid this thing has an extraordinary origin." In the dark warehouse, Xiao Yan and You Er kept walking around the exquisite sedan chair, and they searched together, but they found nothing.

The dark ancient inscriptions around this beautiful sedan chair blocked all the exploration and perception of the two, and even made them feel a sense of unease from the bottom of their hearts. I am afraid that there is something special inside the sedan chair.

"Do you have any clues?" After wasting a lot of time, Xiao Yan asked You Er, still unable to solve the problem of the exquisite sedan chair. So far, he can only ask You Er.

"Not for now. Even if it's the first time I've seen this thing in my life, I've never heard it from the master." You Er shook his head.

"I'm running out of time. I sensed a few tyrannical auras coming here. If I don't do it, I really don't have time..." Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"But this thing is mysterious and unpredictable, we have nothing to do with it..." You Er nodded in agreement, but unfortunately it didn't do anything.

"Stay back a little." Xiao Yan frowned, and immediately warned.

"What are you doing?"

"This is the West God Temple." Looking at the gray flames emerging from Xiao Yan's body and the deep pupils, You Er couldn't help but lose his voice. Once such extreme power is completely diffused, I am afraid that this place will be destroyed in an instant. They were thoroughly excavated by the powerhouses of the Western Temple, and their situation at that time...

"Weng buzzing!" For a time, the warehouse space here was filled with a touch of gray energy, and immediately covered all the space here.

"Domain?" Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, You Er just felt relieved. Otherwise, once Xiao Yan's holy flame aura emerged and was discovered by the powerhouses of the Western Temple, they would probably be seeking their own death.

"Immortal Fire!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly as he watched the domain come out, and the dazzling gray flames shot directly at the exquisite sedan chair.

However, Xiao Yan is still not satisfied. Now he is considered a strong man with the origin of three holy flames. However, the three holy flames have not had time to fully integrate, otherwise the power of the new holy flames will be stronger than that of any holy flames today. Flames must be tyrannical, of course, Mu Yingying's holy flame must not be used.

"Xuuuuuu!" The gray flames were like elves, completely violent in the undead flame domain, dancing, they just appeared, under the control of Xiao Yan, they went to the beautiful sedan chair, but found that, no matter what, those surrounded by The black ancient writing around the sedan chair is not at all threatened by the immortal fire.

But no matter how the undead fire roared and vented its destructive power, the exquisite sedan chair remained indifferent, as if nothing had happened.

"It won't be so weird..." After a few breaths, Xiao also gave up the undead fire and continued to burn, his eyes only staring at the exquisite sedan chair, hesitating.

What is this thing that can actually isolate the burning of the undead fire. The undead fire is the 17th holy flame on the holy flame list. With that kind of power, there are very few things in the world that can isolate its power...

"This thing, I'm afraid it has something to do with the Lord of the Soul's swallowing of Acacia and Broken Enteric inflammation." Seeing Xiao Yan's confusion, You Er tried to analyze.

"Swallowing flame crystals can isolate and absorb the power of flames, and this exquisite sedan chair is obviously more precious than those swallowing flame crystals. What is this?" Xiao Yan kept thinking.

"Wait... someone is coming!" Suddenly, watching Xiao Yan in the deep undead flame realm thinking seriously, You Er's figure trembled, pulling Xiao Yan up directly, then the realm was retracted, and Zaidu hid back to the rock among the materials.

"Susu!" The two figures just disappeared, and suddenly a dark shadow poured in silently from the entrance of the warehouse.

"Strange, why is there a smell of flame..." The visitor had just sneaked in here, and immediately smelled a rather tyrannical flame aura in the air, and immediately said.

The visitor is the Great Soul Venerable of the Ghost Kingdom, the soul destroys the sky, and the strength is about that of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals. No one knows the specific strength, and because the ghosts and souls are particularly sensitive to flames, they were smelled for a while. The flame power, It was just that Xiao Yan released the power that could not catch fire.

"Forget it, let's do business." Looking at the dazzling array of supplies in front of him, Soul Mietian shook his head.

"Swallowing the flame crystal... It seems that the master of the soul has really found a way for the soul body to swallow the holy flame, rustling." After a random inspection, a trace of gloomy laughter emerged from under the black robe of Soul Mietian. , but it did not hesitate too much, walking directly towards the beautiful sedan chair in the center.

"Wait... This is?" After a while, when Soul Mietian saw the beautiful sedan chair standing quietly in the center of the warehouse, he lost his voice.

"Forbidden Cage?" A surprised voice emerged from under the black robe, and Xiao Yan immediately sensed a trace of scorching heat from under the black robe.

"Taboo cage?" Xiao Yan, who was hiding inside the material, shook his head slightly when he heard the words. He was obviously familiar with these words, but for a while he didn't know what it was.

"How could it be... It's actually a taboo cage?" When You Er next to Xiao Yan heard the words, his body suddenly shook and he lost his voice.

"What the **** is this?" Xiao Yan tried to ask.

"The taboo cage, this is the tenth-ranked immortal artifact on the list of immortal artifacts in the Great Thousand Worlds." You'er's chest heaved violently, and he spoke immediately.

"The taboo cage can isolate all power and temporarily seal certain things, thereby retaining its purest spirituality."

"This includes life forms... In other words, humans." You Er said in shock.

"This is interesting, what the **** does the Lord of Li Soul want to do..." Xiao Yan's eyes became hot, and a trace of undetectable things spread out from his forehead, and even the many treasures of the Emperor Flame Ring in his body were faintly emitted. A strange force emerges.

It's like mutual attraction and mutual resistance mysterious and unpredictable.

"The Lord of Li Soul collected the taboo cage, I am afraid it is also to devour Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation, now it seems that this guy has not taken that step..."

"Fortunately, before I came out, I got some things from Lord Sanhunwei that were specially used to deal with the Lord of Li Soul..."

"Susu." Xin's gloomy voice emerged from under the black robe.

"Oh... it seems as the adults said, some small flies slipped in." Just when Soul Mietian wanted to make a move, this warehouse was completely covered by a scarlet energy ripple.

"Susu, it's really a bunch of trash. It didn't stop you for a long time. The power of the West Temple is indeed well-deserved." Seeing this, Hun Mietian still pretended to be calm in the dark, and said with a dangerous smile.

However, he knew that this guy was the leader of the powerful guards in charge of patrolling in the West Temple.

The late stage strength of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, Ji Mo.

The real good show unfolds slowly.