Chapter Vol 4 1218: The dark man in the sword formation

"Xuanjing?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking after hearing the extremely hot fluctuations in Yu Yifeng's voice.

You must know that something that can make a mid-three-star fighting immortal strong man so excited is naturally not an ordinary thing.

"The so-called Xuanjing is a material for casting weapons."

"Above the world, the creators of weapons are called smiths. Their lifelong occupation and what they have learned are for the purpose of forging weapons. Their lifelong dream is to forge a peerless weapon."

"But it's unavoidable that clever women can't cook without rice, and this mysterious crystal is one of the best materials for casting magic weapons."

"With Xuanjing, and with the help of other rare materials, it is possible to cast a rather tyrannical weapon, which is at least in the category of fairy weapons." Liu Qing explained slightly.

"So that's the case." Xiao Yan was relieved when he heard the words. It was no wonder that the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire of Eternal Fire emitted a trace of fiery heat.

Immortals are also divided into grades. First-order immortals are enough to enhance the strength of one-star fighting immortals. One-star fighting immortals of the same level are the most convenient to use, but they are quite unattainable for two-star fighting immortals. Rank, impressively reached the weapons used by the Nine Star Fighting Immortals.

As for the ninth level and above, it is the so-called divine weapon in human mouths.

The so-called divine weapon is full of huge magical powers that are unpredictable by ghosts and gods. Humans cannot guess its power, but according to legends, the powerhouse with divine tools is almost invincible.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

In the great world, the word artifact is just a legend, and almost no creatures have witnessed it.

According to Xiao Yan's understanding, there are many materials for casting weapons, but as far as he knows, the best material is probably the millennium cold iron. As for the mysterious crystal, its value is undoubtedly more precious than the millennium cold iron. .

Xiao Yan saw that in the golden treasure chest, a piece of golden metal about the size of a palm stood quietly in it.

Even with his powerful soul power, Xiao Yan could vaguely discover that there was a trace of life hidden in the golden light on this golden metal.

"Hehe, this thing is quite necessary for our Yu family, and I, Yu, will not refuse." Yu Yifeng smiled at Xiao Yan, and then carefully put it into the ring.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, obviously he had already taken the tenth floor wood attribute fighting skill scroll.

"It's really good luck."

"With this mysterious crystal, I am afraid that I can cast an immortal weapon. At that time, a strong immortal warrior and an immortal weapon of the same level will have a lot of strength, and with the same strength, they will also be able to gain the upper hand." The Shuiyue and the others also laughed.

"Okay, let's go and see the villains on this floor first."

"The villain who is imprisoned on the ninth floor, I hope he knows some information about the eighth floor, otherwise the eighth floor will make me feel uneasy." Yu Yifeng said slowly after collecting the Xuanjing.

"Okay." Everyone nodded, then bypassed the treasure chest and headed towards the depths.

"Susu, is there any creature here..."

"It's really been a long time since I saw a living creature come in..." Just as Xiao Yan and his group moved, there was a low roar like a wild beast in the deepest part of the ninth floor.

"This is..." Everyone cautiously came to the depths of the passage, but this time, without any resistance from the stone gate, what appeared in front of everyone was an incomparably huge circular passage!

At the outermost edge of the circular passage, there was actually a pair of swords with a silver gleam that was slowly inserted on the ground, leaving everyone confused about what was going on inside.

"What's the situation?" When everyone saw this, they couldn't help frowning. Obviously, on the side of this sword, just by perceiving it, they knew the fierce cold aura. This sword is absolutely extraordinary!

"The place where the wicked are imprisoned on the ninth floor is probably a sword formation." At this time, Luyin spoke slightly, and there was a hint of relief in her voice.

"Sword formation..." Xiao Yan nodded immediately after hearing the words, because he also noticed that the silver matching sword above carried a trace of tyrannical confinement power.

"Go in and have a look, the passage on the eighth floor is also inside." After a while, Yu Yifeng nodded and said.

Although they defeated the guardian of the ninth floor, it does not mean that the villain of the ninth floor will be released.

It's one thing to defeat the guardian, another thing to imprison the wicked.

"Hey, it's actually some humans. I haven't seen humans enter here for a long time." Xiao Yan and Yu Yifeng stood at the front of the team, walked directly past the outermost silver sword, and came to the edge of the sword formation.

"This guy... he has such weird fluctuations." When Liu Qing first saw the villain on the ninth floor, a sense of disgust from the depths of his soul emerged.

The villain on the ninth floor is a rather thin middle-aged man. He should be about the same age as Jade Legacy. As for his strength, he should be similar to the late stage of Razer Two-Star Dou Xian, but at this time, there is a It was completely pierced by a rather strange silver sword.

What made everyone strange was that the silver sword that pierced through the mysterious man didn't mean to kill him, but released a rather soft milky white light that constantly enveloped his body.

Covered by such a milky white light, the mysterious man was as weak as soft skin, and it was quite difficult to even speak.

"This guy is from the darkness." The next moment, Liu Qing said to the mysterious man in front of him after his condition improved a little.

"Darkness?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this.

Darkness and light have been enemies since ancient times, so it's no wonder why Liu Qing appeared like that just now.

"Do you know the information about the guardian of the eighth floor?" Shuiyue asked directly.

"So what if you know, what if you don't know?" The mysterious man said Wei Wei, who seemed to be accustomed to the shackles of darkness.

"If you know the information about the guardian of the eighth floor, then we can save you from this **** sword formation in exchange." Xiao Yan was also a little afraid of the eighth floor, so he confronted the mysterious man. Said ~ I don't know, just as she doesn't know either. "The mysterious man smiled helplessly.

"You!" Lu Yin was dumbfounded when this guy said so.

This mysterious man is right, because the guardians in the Ice and Fire Island appear randomly, I am afraid no one can know the specific information, and the question is nothing.

"Then you will stay in this dark underground forever!"

"The entrance is here, let's go." Yu Yifeng and the others ignored the mysterious man and walked directly towards the entrance behind the sword formation.

Everyone ignored the mysterious man and rushed directly into the passage on the eighth floor. Little did they know that a tragic near-massacre was slowly attacking them.

Each of these seals is aimed at imprisoning the wicked, so naturally it will not suppress foreign challengers.

"Hehe, this guy on the eighth floor, but even a four-star fighting immortal powerhouse can only walk around, although one of your team has a good soul, but if you want to deal with her, I'm afraid it's just death in vain. "The mysterious man couldn't help laughing as he watched the crowd pour into the eighth-floor passage.

He was imprisoned here as a villain, because he used his dark ability to forcefully obliterate an entire city, nearly hundreds of thousands of people, so he became a villain and was imprisoned.

As for the reason for slaughtering hundreds of thousands of people, it was just to prove whether his dark system was strong!

The name of this villain is worthy of the name!

End of this chapter