Chapter Vol 4 1095: Fight for you, 3 holy flame fusion

"Sigh..." Looking at the sky, Xiao Yan gradually woke up. The eyes of Soul Eater, Cai Lin, Xiao Yi, and Long Yi all became strange.

Mu Yingying's actions just now were undoubtedly seen by all of them, but because of Mu Yingying's request, it was quite difficult not to tell Xiao Yan.

"Where am I..."

"Hell..." Xiao Yan slowly opened his pupils and couldn't help but say something.

"Wake up." The Soul Eater on the side said something slightly when he heard the words.

"Master of Soul Eater?"

"Color scales?"

"I'm not dead?" When Xiao Yan heard this, he couldn't help but be startled!

According to Xiao Yan's memory, he had just blocked the blow for Mu Yingying, and he was seriously injured and was on the verge of death. How could he be here at this time?

"My body?" The next moment, Xiao Yan seemed to notice that a warm flame was burning slowly in his heart, and even the power in his body was surging!

This kind of appearance is obviously not comparable to the previous middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor.

What Xiao Yan didn't know was that after Mu Yingying sacrificed, not only did she use the holy flame crystal and the power of holy flame to help Xiao Yan reshape her heart, she even changed a lot of things in Xiao Yan's body.

"Cai Lin, where's Yingying?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking, as if he noticed that only Yue Ru was at a stalemate with King Xuanling in the sky, while everyone else's eyes sank.

"She's not... she's here." Cai Lin hesitated for a while, then shook his head and pointed lightly at Xiao Yan's chest.

As Xiao Yan's wife, Cai Lin naturally knew Xiao Yan's temper. This matter would not be hidden for long, so she simply told it directly.

"How could it be..." Xiao Yan also felt that something was wrong and asked in doubt.

"Okay, Yingying, she has another wish, she hopes to help her brother get rid of the curse... and that King Xuanling is the culprit of all this." Cailin said softly.

"Leave it to me." It didn't take long for Xiao Yan to understand something.

He had just fallen. After all, at that time, the power in his body was already exhausted, and in order to resist the devastating blow of King Xuanling, Xiao Yan directly risked himself, and his chest and heart were directly broken, so he was still intact. No damage, even the power in the body has skyrocketed a lot, making Xiao Yan undoubtedly have some conjectures.

"Yueru, come down."

"Let me make Yingying's wish for this bastard." Xiao Yan called out softly to Yueru in the sky.

"Yeah." Yue Ru heard the words and also landed. Xiao Yan suffered a big change just now, but Yue Ru still couldn't take it out. After all, if no one could deal with King Xuanling, I'm afraid everyone here would die.

"Little bastard, I didn't expect you to get another holy flame!"

"That's my thing!"

"Death to this king!" Although King Xuanling had spent a lot of fighting energy in his body after fighting for a long time, but after all, he was a genuine one-star fighting immortal, and naturally it was not comparable to Xiao Yan.

"Boom!" King Xuanling clenched his fist tightly, with a trace of black and red evil power, suddenly attacked Xiao Yan.

"Hoohoohoo."

"Old dog, how cool is the fight?" The King Xuanling's seemingly tyrannical attack was easily taken by Xiao Yan with one hand, and then Xiao Yan asked the King Xuanling with a grim expression.

"How... how is it possible!"

"Your power!"

"impossible!"

"How can the power of holy flame increase the strength of a person? It's impossible!" The Xuanling King couldn't help roaring as he watched Xiao Yan take his attack with one hand!

Because at this time Xiao Yan and King Xuanling felt that they were not a terminally ill mouse, but a lion that had just woken up and was full of rage!

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan suddenly exerted force, and directly sent Xuanling King flying out a distance of dozens of meters.

"Let you, this fellow, have a good experience of the true power of Saint Flame!"

"As the master of my holy flame, I will kill you, a narrow-minded person who is trying to collude with the evil race outside the territory!"

"Yingying, this time, I will fight for you!"

"Gathering flames for you!" And Xiao Yan's pupils were filled with a deep blue!

Even as soon as he finished speaking, there was a burst of cheers from his heart, as if he was happy because of Xiao Yan's words.

"Fire Heart Tianyan!"

"Ghost face and soul flame!"

"Empty Ice Flame!"

"Three Flames Gathering!"

"Destroy the Devils!" Xiao Yan stepped into the air, and the three holy flames of each color emerged directly, and then they slowly merged under Xiao Yan's control.

Xiao Yan's voice was like thunder, echoing in King Xuanling's mind!

"How can it be!"

"How can it be!"

"Yanchi! Medusa!" The Xuanling King saw Xiao Yan's arrogant aura, and immediately knew that if he didn't take defensive measures, he would probably fall into Xiao Yan's hands completely!

The fusion of the previous two holy flames, the lotus of life and death is enough to seriously injure yourself, if the three holy flames are fused, there is no way out for you!

Only fall!

"You've done a lot of evil, just fall like this!"

"It's better that Xuan Santian is quiet." Yue Ru, who was on the side, looked at King Xuan Ling and said.

"Ahhh!"

"I can't just fall like this!"

"I haven't unified Xuan three days, and I haven't swallowed the holy flame!"

"I can't just die like this!"

"Soul Ball!" At this time, the Xuanling King seemed to be resurrected because of Xiao Yan's death, and he became like a lunatic.

The silver soul ball just appeared, and suddenly, a powerful force continuously communicated with the soul ball on the Xuanling King.

And the next moment, the ten Dou Xian trapped by the blood river bell, as well as the many powerhouses who were stopped by Long Yi Xiaoyi, broke through the siege one after another, and under King Xuanling's urging of the soul ball, they faced the front of King Xuanling. Gather away!

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Yan!"

"Come on if you can!"

"I use all the Xuantian powerhouses as a human wall. If you attack, then you are the sinner of the master!"

"Hahaha!" King Xuanling gathered all the powerhouses under his control directly in front of him, forming a natural human wall, trying to dispel Xiao Yan's idea of ​​integrating the three holy flames.

"Today, no matter what you do, you can't escape the fate of falling."

"Senior Soul Eater, trouble you!" Xiao Yan was still fusing the three holy flames on his own, and then said to the Soul Eater Lord behind him.

However, I don't know why, this time, it was easier for after integrating with the holy flame. It was not as unfamiliar as the first time, but Xiao Yan didn't know that all of this was due to Mu Yingying's reshaping of her heart. .

"En." The Soul Eater heard the words, without any delay, the direct figure disappeared like a ghost, and the next moment appeared in front of the Xuanling King!

"Your strength...how is it possible!" When the air mass of the Master Soul Eater appeared in front of the Xuanling King, the Xuanling King only felt a powerful force, and he couldn't breathe!

"Bring it!" The Lord of Soul Eater said with killing intent, cold and heartless!

If the Lord of Soul Eater is ready to make a move, with him at this time, he can easily wipe out the entire Xuantian Santian. However, because of the preservation of strength, there was such a thing as the sacrifice of Mu Yingying, which really made the Lord of Soul Eater. Unexpectedly, I am not prepared to have reservations now.

"Crash!" As soon as the Lord of Soul Eater's voice fell, the silver soul ball in the hands of the Xuanling King was swallowed directly by the Lord of Soul Eater!

"Bastard!" King Xuanling couldn't help roaring as he watched his last means of saving his life being taken away.

"Even if you stole the soul ball, you have no way to control them!"

"My soul power has reached the emperor realm!"

"Unless the soul power among you is stronger than mine, and the soul power in the soul ball is erased, it is useless to steal it!"

"Hahaha!"

"Just wait to die!" And as King Xuanling's voice fell, a feeling of being cut off from his soul force came from the depths of King Xuanling's soul!

"How could it be... Heavenly Great Perfection!" At this moment, the pupils of King Xuanling truly became fearful!

Not only because the connection of the soul ball was completely cut off, but also because of the fusion of Xiao Yan's three holy flames in the sky!