Chapter Vol 4 1000: battle of wits

"That is……"

"Soul fighting skills..." Xiao Yan's shocked voice slowly echoed at the bottom of the Blood River Pond.

And through Xiao Yan's voice, what was reflected in front of both Xiao Yan and the Soul Eater Talisman was an object on the bottom of the Blood River Pond, which was about five meters in size.

The riverbed lay quietly at the bottom, which seemed to be isolated by some mysterious power, and above it, two extremely dazzling things slowly stood.

On the left side of the riverbed is a silver scroll wrapped in cyan light. On the scroll, a force that scared Xiao Yan's soul power is slowly entrenched. On the right is a bell about the size of a palm. Above the bell, the whole body is full of An unusual **** smell!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Soul fighting skills?"

"Blood River Bell?" Two extremely shocked voices suddenly echoed at the bottom of the Blood River Pool.

"Blood River Bell?" The reason why Xiao Yan knew that there might be soul fighting skills in the cyan scroll was caused by the huge soul power, and at this time, he could not bear to hear such a shocking voice coming from the Soul Eater Talisman. Stay open and speak.

"Xuehe Ling, why does this sound a little familiar?" Xiao Yan repeated several times silently, and then said softly.

"Hahaha."

"I didn't expect that there would be such a precious thing here!"

"Little devil, it looks like we didn't come for nothing this time!" A mysterious power came from the soul-devouring talisman and smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Senior, what are you?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking.

"Blood River Ling, this is the end of the twelve evil soldiers in the ghost world." The Soul Eater Talisman did not hide anything from Xiao Yan, and said directly.

"what?"

"This blood river bell is actually the last of the twelve evil soldiers in the ghost world?"

"No wonder I always feel familiar, so it is." Xiao Yan suddenly said with relief, obviously there is something about the twelve evil soldiers in the ghost world, which was explained to Xiao Yan by his uncle Jinlong King before, so Xiao Yan more or less Some impressions.

"Hey, don't look at the blood river bell ranking at the bottom of the twelve evil soldiers in the ghost world, but in terms of combat ability, I am afraid that the tenth ranked Soul Eater may not be able to compare." Soul Eater said extremely excitedly. .

"Xuehe Ling, it is said to be a formation?" Xiao Yan suddenly remembered something and said.

"good."

"The Blood River Bell can cast the Blood River Map, and this Blood River Map is a real killer."

"I don't dare to say anything else, but with a one-star Dou Xian level ghost fairy, if you control the blood river bell, I am afraid you can easily wipe out Xuan Tiantian." Soul Eater said lightly, but the voice Very excited in it.

"A ghost at the level of a one-star fighting immortal can single-handedly challenge the entire Xuantian Santian?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but wonder.

"good."

"Blood River Bell can be said to have absorbed a lot of blood energy. Once it is released, it will be involved in it for thousands of miles. In addition to that mysterious power, I am afraid that only a three-star fighting fairy can resolve it."

"But in the current Xuan Santian, there is no such level of powerhouse." Soul Eater said.

"It's really a good treasure." Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing, this Xuehe Ling seemed to be a formation he cultivated, but even the formation was countless times stronger than himself today.

"Hehe, although this blood bell is good, it's not suitable for you."

"Have you seen the scroll next to the Blood River Ling?" Soul Eater said deliberately, as if trying to attract Xiao Yan's attention.

"I see." How could Xiao Yan not know the soul-devouring talisman's careful thoughts, and immediately said without exposing him.

"That thing, if I expected it to be good, it should be an extremely tyrannical soul fighting skill."

"Now your soul power has skyrocketed, and you lack the means to attack your soul."

"It suits you very well." Soul Eater said with a smile.

"Then what?" Xiao Yan also asked with a smile.

"Why don't you use the Soul Fighting Skill and give me this Blood River Bell?" Soul Eater said directly.

"Senior, you are also living in my body now. It's fine that I don't charge you rent."

"And it doesn't need to be so troublesome, I seem to be able to take the blood river bell and soul fighting skills into the bag." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Cough cough cough..."

"As a human being, you can't be so greedy."

"You humans don't have a word to say, you are not greedy enough to swallow an elephant." Soul Eater hurriedly defended.

"Furthermore, the power of blood energy contained in this blood river bell is too strange. If you forcibly collect it, I'm afraid it will be bad if you accidentally end up with a dark disease." Soul Eater Talisman said.

"Then senior, are you treating me as a three-year-old child?" Xiao Yan said with a frown.

Relying on the huge power of the soul, Xiao Yan did find that the blood river bell was the same as the soul-devouring talisman. It is charged, but Xiao Yan is also a veteran, and he will definitely not be so cheap as the Soul Eater Talisman.

"Little devil, what do you want?" The Soul Eater had no choice and asked directly.

"It's very simple."

"Provide me for three years, and Xiao Yan will give up this blood bell." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"You are treating me as a free thug!"

"Do you think I'm a cat or a dog?"

"I am the famous soul eater in the ghost world!"

"I'll give you a bodyguard of a human stinky little brat, and I won't do it." Hearing this, Soul Eater said angrily and refused.

"Master of Soul Eater, it looks like he has a way." Xiao Yan muttered silently in his heart.

"I don't know what kind of soul eater you are in the ghost world I only know that now you are just a remnant of my soul eater."

"And if I expected it well, if you hadn't absorbed the power of a lot of extraterrestrial evil races, I'm afraid you would still be in a deep sleep now, right?" Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"When you are in crisis, I will rescue you once."

"This is the biggest concession I can make." Soul Eater murmured for a while, then said word by word.

"Deal!" Xiao Yan agreed directly to the Soul Eater Talisman. Originally, Xiao Yan just wanted to corrupt the Soul Eater Talisman, but he never thought that the Soul Eater Talisman would be so refreshing.

"It's really a brat who knows how to settle accounts."

"But it was agreed in advance that my identity as the soul eater of the ghost world, in the eyes of you humans, is an unforgivable wicked person. If I try to save you, I'm afraid you will be regarded by humans as a traitor in the human world."

"When the time comes, you will end up as a mouse that everyone crosses the street and shouts at." Soul Eater pondered for a while, then spoke slowly.

"no problem."

"Anyway, there are many villains with two legs in the human world. If that time comes, it's okay to go to the ghost world with you." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Good kid, you have the courage." Soul Eater said with a smile.

"Now that it's decided, then it's time to collect these two things."

"Blood River Bell, I spent a lot of effort in the beginning, but I didn't get you, but now I can get it without effort." Soul Eater said greedily.

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . . Mobile version reading website: m.