Chapter Vol 2 835: cross the calamity

"Let's start." After a while, Xiao Yan opened his eyes slightly and said something to the Heavenly King Shen.

"Are you ready?" Tian Wang Shen heard the words, and immediately opened his mouth.

With his senses, he seemed to be able to sense that Xiao Yan was very different, and that aura was extremely mysterious.

However, Tianwangshen is extremely smart, so he didn't ask much, because he understands that in the human world, everyone will have some secrets, but as long as it doesn't endanger his own life, it's not a big deal.

"En." Xiao Yan responded casually, and then the khaki-colored holy flames poured out like a tide in his body.

"What a terrifying flame, it deserves to be a holy flame." Heavenly King Ginseng's eyesight is naturally extraordinary. When Xiao Yan's holy flame was just born, he knew that this guy's flame was definitely holy flame.

After all, the only thing that could make him feel vaguely uneasy is Sheng Yan.

"I declare in advance, I didn't help others to survive the catastrophe, so I only promise to do my best." Xiao Yan seemed to have concerns, and immediately said, this matter still has to be said in advance, otherwise this guy will bite back in the end. .

"Don't worry, your words are enough." Tian Wang Shen heard the words and smiled slightly.

He knew what Xiao Yan meant by these words. After all, although he had promised a lot, if he fell, Xiao Yan would have wasted his efforts.

"You two step back to the edge."

"Let's start." The next moment, Xiao Yan didn't bother to talk nonsense with this guy, so he spoke immediately.

"Yes." The second daughter and Tian Wang Shen agreed at the same time.

"I've waited too long for this day."

"Actually, I don't know what's going on. Ever since I missed nine thousand years, the Nine Thousand Years Heavenly Tribulation has been vaguely appearing, but fortunately I didn't touch it." Covered with silver light, circles of silver aura continued to emerge from the body, and the entire body became extremely mysterious under the cover of this silver light.

"Ten Thousand Years Tribulation!"

"Give it to me!" With the explosion of Tianwang ginseng, the space above the medicine garden shook slightly, and a terrifying aura that shook the world slowly condensed on the medicine garden.

"What is that..." Wudu's eyesight was extremely sharp, and the first time he discovered the extremely strange day above the medicine garden.

The current strength of the Five Poisons can be said to be in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, and he is trembling slightly in the face of that terrifying aura.

"It seems a bit like a thundercloud?"

"However, this aura is dozens of times stronger than Leiyun. Could it be that Xiao Yan and the others have already found the medicinal materials and started refining the Leiyun produced by the medicinal pill?" Mu Feng, who was beside him, was also surprised.

"Thundercloud?"

"I don't think so, and even if you want to refine an elixir that triggers this level, I'm afraid a few days will not be enough." Wu Po said with a casual glance.

"Okay, we still need some medicinal herbs. After we find it, we will join Xiao Yan and the others immediately." After the five poisons finished speaking, Zaidu and the two women searched around in the forest.

"What kind of fluctuation is that?"

"It's terrifying." Leng Fuyao was here, Leng Fuyao, relying on the pharmacist's perception, immediately noticed the strange aura above the sky, and immediately spoke.

"What a terrifying aura." Seeing this, Qin Xin raised her head as well, but there was a hint of doubt in her eyes.

"This thing..."

"Could it be a catastrophe?"

"The Heavenly Tribulation that the Fighting Immortal Powerhouses have survived?" After a while, Qinxin was suddenly surprised. Obviously, this fluctuation, this breath, was exactly the same as what was described in the book.

"No, that's because the wonders of heaven and earth have a lifespan of tens of thousands of years..." Leng Fuyao couldn't believe it when he heard the words.

"It should be right." At this time, Xiu Qi said.

"Looking in that direction, it should be where Xiao Yan and the others are!"

"Let's go, we've already searched here, we don't have any medicinal materials Xiao Yan needs, let's go and meet them." Xiu Qi said, and then walked around. After all, Yueru was alone, Xiu Qi really didn't rest assured.

"Boom boom boom!" At this moment, where the medicine garden was in the sky, thunder suddenly rolled.

However, the outside world can't find it. After all, this medicine garden is isolated by a layer of mysterious power.

"This is the calamity?" Although Xiao Yan's figures were isolated by the enchantment, the enchantment isolated only a few of them. As for the calamity, it was above everyone.

"This is just the beginning."

"Why, are you afraid?" Tian Wangshen kept releasing silver power with his hands towards the day, apparently not knowing what he was doing.

"I'm not afraid, it's just that this thunder, as you said, is different from our life and death catastrophe and even the Dan thunder catastrophe." Xiao Yan said.

With his keen perception, Xiao Yan was able to feel a destructive wave from the heavenly tribulation formed by cultivation above the top of the medicine garden at this time.

There is no doubt that if Xiao Yan is left to deal with it alone at this time, I am afraid that Xiao Yan will end up in a ruined end.

"Heavenly Tribulation is about to happen." As time passed by, Tianwangshen suddenly spoke, his voice full of urgency.

"I know." Hearing this, Xiao Yan gritted his teeth, and then the dazzling khaki-colored holy flames all over his body directly submerged into the calamity!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This catastrophe is also strange. The catastrophe covered the entire medicine garden, and the color of the thunder of catastrophe turned out to be weird and exactly the same as the ginseng of Heavenly Kings It is also silver.

"Go!" Xiao Yan mobilized his huge soul power, subtly controlled the khaki holy flame, and went to the densest place in the calamity!

"You are responsible for stopping other thunderbolts for me."

"As for the calamity, what other people can do is to lighten the burden, but we still have to rely on ourselves for the real step." After Tian Wangshen finished speaking, he took a step towards the void in front of him, and then smiled at Xiao Yan. .

The next moment, the figure burst into motion, directly strung into the silver calamity.

"This guy is really daring." Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't dare to relax, and he continued to deliver holy flames, but at this time, Wang Shen was completely submerged in the heavenly tribulation.

"Come on, with the weakening of the holy flame, I don't believe that you can still get me in this catastrophe!" Tian Wangshen fell into the catastrophe, and his eyes suddenly did not hide, and he directly hit the silver catastrophe thunder in the sky. among!

"Thunderbolt!" In the silver catastrophe, waves of destruction-like waves hit directly on the human body of the Heavenly King Ginseng.

"Boom boom boom!"

"Zizi!" The sound of thunderbolts continued to sound, and Wang Shen's complexion finally became strange that day.

"This body is not a real human after all." A hint of helplessness appeared at the corner of Tian Wangshen's mouth, and then the human man's body suddenly shattered like glass.

And as the human prosthesis of the king ginseng was broken, the king ginseng also revealed its main body.

One more night