Chapter Vol 4 1303: Incredible!

"Good boy, it seems that I underestimate the enemy." Seeing Xiao Yan instantly learn his unique stunt, Mu Xiao remembered that Xiao Yan was still a 4th rank alchemist of the immortal rank, and he immediately caught his eye. , full of awe.

Immortal-level pharmacist, the soul power has reached the fairyland, and there are many mysterious rumors in the soul of the fairyland, so Mu Xiao couldn't help but become serious.

"Pfft." Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't take any action. He easily dispersed the attack, and the forest regained its original appearance. Although this attack was tyrannical, it was not enough to defeat Mu Xiao.

"Show some real skills, otherwise you won't be able to change the fact that you lost today..." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, his voice filled with an extremely reckless confidence.

"If that's the case, then it's as you wish!"

"Ghost Wood Rope Dance!" At the next moment, Mu Xiao's whole body trembled with green aura, and then like a tide, he poured straight into the void in front of him. At that time, a rather mysterious scene filled the air, and in front of him, it was a circle The shape is huge and dark green air mass!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The dark green air mass just appeared, and it shook rapidly, and in just one breath, it turned into a dark green vine with a size of several hundred meters. size!

The vines showed a strange dark green color, and in the center of the vines, a one-eyed slowly stood up. In the one-eyed, there was quite a mysterious power mixed with it, as if just a single glance had the power to destroy all things. , Around the slender dark green vines, a rather terrifying aura slowly swept in.

"Crash!" As Mu Xiao's voice fell, the one eye above the dark green vines slowly opened, revealing an indifferent dark green energy that shot directly at Xiao Yan!

In the dark green energy light group, Xiao Yan felt an extremely terrifying killing aura.

"Flaming Palm." Seeing this, Xiao Yan did not slow down, the fire attribute Dou Qi flames directly gathered in his palm, and then patted it.

"Boom!" The fiery red Dou Qi flame just came into contact with the attack of the dark green energy, and it suddenly extinguished like a moth to the flame, and the dark green energy group's aura was even more powerful, as if it was sending Xiao Yan down. The attack just now was swallowed up and turned into his own power.

"It's really a weird fighting skill." Xiao Yan murmured, and immediately began to deal with it.

Obviously, the one-eyed in the dark green air mass gave Xiao Yan a rather tyrannical pressure, and relying on Xiao Yan's soul perception, it is not so easy to detect, this fighting skill, I am afraid it is the real one in their wooden pavilion. 's absolute learning.

"Ghost wood vines, swallow him!" The next moment, Mu Xiao looked at Xiao Yan who was helpless against the dark green vines, and couldn't help shouting loudly.

"Weng buzzing!" The dark green energy group seemed to understand people's words, exuding an extremely terrifying aura, its speed skyrocketed, and then it went straight to Xiao Yan.

"It's good to come!" Xiao Yan shouted softly, and suddenly the dazzling flames condensed on the ancient ruler of the different fire, and even a trace of khaki flames emerged, a heavy oppression, transmitted in the competitive mountain range.

"Humph!"

"I don't believe that you can resist my holy rank fighting skills." Mu Xiao snorted coldly. Obviously, the ghost wood vines are his means of suppressing the bottom of the box. If this attack is useless to Xiao Yan, I am afraid he will only admit defeat. .

"嘁偁嘁!" The dark green air mass came to Xiao Yan's side in a blink of an eye, but it only exuded an extremely gloomy aura and a strange sound.

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, he directly collided with Xiao Yan's Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler.

The flame energy above the Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler and its dark green energy group full of slaughter had just fought, and they were at a stalemate.

"This guy!" Seeing that the mysterious flame was not afraid of his own means of pressing the bottom of the box, Mu Xiao's face couldn't help but turn ugly.

As a wood attribute, he was naturally somewhat suppressed by Xiao Yan's fire attribute, not to mention that Xiao Yan's flames were not ordinary flames.

"After playing for so long, it's time to end it." Xiao Yan smiled lightly at the corner of his mouth, dropped the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and then his figure skyrocketed and roared towards Mu Xiao!

As for the dark green light group, it has been temporarily restrained by his own flame power. Once Mu Xiao is defeated, this thing will be self-defeating.

"How is that possible!" At this time, Mu Xiao was concentrating on controlling the dark green energy group and Xiao Yan's flame palm confrontation, and couldn't draw any energy to deal with Xiao Yan, and this Xiao Yan was so good, he actually dealt with the dark green energy at the same time. The attack of the light group, the other side can also launch an attack.

The detachment of the Yihuo Heng ancient ruler made Xiao Yan's speed and strength skyrocket by a large amount, and then he attacked Mu Xiao at the speed of lightning!

"I...I admit defeat!" Mu Xiao didn't dare to hesitate too much, and suddenly shouted outside the competitive mountain range, relying on his intuition, he didn't feel that he could survive such a tyrannical blow from Xiao Yan. Lossless.

"..." Hearing this, Xiao Yan also stopped the attack in his hand, and then stood slightly above the mountain range.

"In this battle, Xiao Yan wins." Duan Tianfeng's voice also came to the mountain range in an instant and then announced to the crowd.

"Xiao Yan, don't be complacent, wait until the second stage, you will suffer!" Mu Xiao's face was also ashen, and he left here with a harsh sentence.

"I... I read it right?"

"This Mu Xiao actually failed?"

"An outstanding disciple of the eight great powers of Leicheng, with the strength of the late two-star Dou Xian, actually lost to a guy in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian?" Seeing Du Tianfeng announcing the results of the competition, Mu Xiao did not stop at all, and went straight to Returning to his residence, the other powerhouses who were present couldn't help but look at each other in dismay.

"This guy is a bit strong." Duo Qifei, who was beside him, was also staring at Xiao Yan with his big watery eyes. This guy should be able to be his opponent.

"This guy." Hearing this, Yu Ran Ran nodded and smiled, obviously he knew that Xiao Yan should have no problem entering the top nine.

"Huhu."

"Since the game is over, let's go too." Xiao Yan came to Yu Ran Ran's side and said slightly.

"En." Yu Ran Ran heard the words, and immediately got up from the seat, ready to go back.

"Wait a minute." The next moment, just as Xiao Yan turned around, the figure of a man and a woman spoke slowly and stopped Xiao Yan.

"En?" Xiao Yan heard the words, looked back, and immediately found a man and a woman [ ], looking at him with a look of anticipation!

However, what surprised Xiao Yan even more today is that the power of these two guys actually reached the perfect level of two-star fighting immortals!