Chapter Vol 4 2070: The tyrannical Xun Er!

The latest website: "How is it possible..." Within the assessment crystal barrier formed by the agate stone, nearly a thousand people watched Xiao Yan's test, the value on the soul stone was as high as "97", and they muttered as if they had forgotten. Knowing where they are, the numbers in front of them constantly impact their minds!

Yao Wan once achieved an unprecedented "96" score in the soul test, and later won the championship of the Yao Clan Festival. In the next hundred years, he hit the eighth-grade pharmacist of the holy order and established him. 's illustrious name.

This little-known person in Xiao Yan's district actually achieved an even more perverted "97" score, so doesn't it mean that this guy's future potential is more terrifying than Yao Wan?

"No, no, this guy must have used some kind of conspiracy..." Many guys who couldn't believe the facts speculated that Xiao Yan used some shameful methods, but Xiao Yan's test was not over yet, and the value of 97 was still there. It changed slowly, and at the moment when the values ​​on the soul stone changed, tiny cracks and crevices continued to appear on the indestructible test soul stone that was as indestructible as a stubborn stone.

Outside, Altar Mountain.

"Kacha!" Yao Wan, who was sitting in the first place, easily crushed the tea set in his hands, and stood up straight, his eyes slowly staring at the abnormally flickering "97" and Xiao Yan's figure in the crystal barrier in front of him.

"Brother Xiao Yan, he is really powerful." Seeing this, Xun'er couldn't help but smile sweetly, but she could clearly feel the icy killing intent swept out from the surroundings, obviously Xiao Yan's current greatness It made them quite dissatisfied.

"What's going on?" Yao Wan couldn't help frowning, and asked some high-ranking elders around him, where did this guy come from to kill the dark horse?

This kind of power is too terrifying, right?

Only he knows that to test the terrifying suppression above the soul stone, if it wants to reach 95 points, the required soul power is already close to the peak of the fairyland soul, so if you want to exceed 95, in addition to carrying a strange treasure, it is only the soul The power can only reach the "metamorphic" state.

But isn't the soul power in the "metamorphic" realm so easy?

Even he, even the so-called true genius and evildoer among the Medicine Clan, took nearly a thousand years to break through the "Hua Yuan" realm, and the degree of difficulty can be imagined.

Looking at the entire Yao family, there are only a few of the powerhouses who have reached this level of soul power, including the Supreme Elders. Immediately, the powerhouses present suspected that Xiao Yan was cheating.

"Yaoyun, go and ask the elder Yaoxuanyi to come out and find out. If anyone cheats for personal gain, then they will all be dealt with according to the rules of our Yao clan!" Seeing that the value on the soul stone was still shaking slightly, Yao Wan roared.

You don't have to think about it, if a man who is only a hundred years old, if his soul power has reached the "metamorphic" realm, what kind of face do these old guys who have cultivated for thousands of years have?

Unless this guy is beating his mother's womb to cultivate, it is absolutely impossible!

"Yes!" Yaoyun heard the words, although he couldn't believe it, but because of the existence of countless strong people in the altar mountain, he could only cut through the void and go towards the crystal barrier.

"Patriarch Yao, wait." At this moment, Xun'er gently got up from his seat, behind him, a round of Golden Crow scorching sun slowly attached, showing endless divine might, combined with the strength in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, it caused a momentary shock The attention of countless strong people.

"Little baby, who are you?" Looking at Xun'er's arrogant posture, the elders of the Yao family couldn't help but whisper.

It's not that he is afraid of Xun'er's strength, but the power behind him!

At such a young age, he has reached the middle stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals, and even the flames are extremely terrifying. These two points alone are enough to prove that the power behind this woman is definitely not bad. At their level, it is no longer a one-person battle. A race, a grudge within a force, so cautious.

"Your flame should be the flame of holy flame, tell me, who is this man?" After blinking, Yao Wan also smelled a deep sense of fear from the flame of Xun'er, and immediately waved his hand to let go Yaoyun stopped, and his eyes were projected towards Xun'er.

"The guy in front of him who is testing his soul power is my husband."

"Xun'er is not an unreasonable person, but I don't want others to wrong my husband in vain." Xun'er laughed softly, but the meaning of protecting shortcoming in the voice was more obvious.

"impossible!"

"I've never seen someone so young to get to this point!"

"What if that was the case?"

"Why is the old man personally apologizing to him!"

"Okay, Yao Patriarch must keep your words in mind." The brief conversation between the two had just ended, and Xun'er was no longer blocking them, because he believed in Xiao Yan. After blinking, Yaoyun tore through the void and prepared to face the crystal knot. bounds away.

"Boom!" Without waiting for the medicine cloud to enter it, a violent surge of energy emerged directly from the crystal barrier, tilting all the contestants out like a drain.

That kind of scene is like a scene of Tianhe, everyone is directly crowded out by the Tianhe, and they are abruptly tilted down from it, which is quite shocking and funny.

"Crack!" With a sound, the crystal barrier in front of everyone shattered. After a while, thousands of people in the first round of the competition were returning here. They were quite embarrassed, and they seemed to have experienced some horrible baptism.

"Yao Xuanyi, what the **** is going on?" At this moment, a core elder of the Yao family below couldn't help roaring.

"Patriarch, this guy is the first time this old man has seen him in his life."

"Innate talent, different from ordinary people!"

"His soul power is already on the same level as yours!"

"This matter has been confirmed by me again and again, there is absolutely no mistake!" Yao Xuanyi turned his head indifferently, and said to Yao Wan under the gaze of countless people.

"What?" At this moment, Yao Wan, Yao Yun, and other senior members of the Yao family looked at a man with a smile on his face in stunned eyes, and their mood was difficult to calm down.

A powerful soul in the "Hua Yuan" realm with an area of ​​less than 100 years old?

Then the assessment of this grand ceremony is still a fart!

"That... Yao Patriarch, accidentally broke the soul stone tested, you won't blame me?" While everyone hadn't recovered from the shock of Yao Xuanyi's voice just now, Xiao Yan's next sentence , I couldn't help but make everyone present have the urge to smash to death!

This soul stone was actually broken by Xiao Yan?

Broken?

What kind of tyrannical soul power is it?

Can you actually break through this soul stone?

"What's wrong?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but wonder when he saw Yao Wan and everyone was speechless.

"Little baby, let's just let this matter go." After a while, Yao Wan Wan also recovered the pressure of his superiors, and said casually to the rear Xun'er.

"Okay." Seeing this, Xun'er could only give up slightly. Obviously, the above just couldn't stand the characters of the strong and protect the short. He was going to come forward and teach a lesson. This is the medicine family, so naturally there is no need to do something harmful to the medicine family. face thing.

But at this moment, countless people around him treat Xiao Yan and Xun'er as if they were monsters!

Of these two people, one of them has an extraordinary and unfathomable soul power, and it turned out that the soul stone that was regarded as a treasure among the medicine family was broken?

The other person is wearing holy flame, and his strength is extremely terrifying. I am afraid it is the eldest lady of a certain superpower.

For a time, no one dared to have the slightest hostility to the two, but it was precisely because of Xiao Yan's brilliant performance in the first round that Xiao Yan was frustrated everywhere in the next assessment. As a pharmacist, Xiao Yan is still a must.