Chapter Vol 4 2085: 1 trace of holy spirit!

"Bang bang bang!" In the water curtain, the huge body of the ice and fire evil dragon directly imprisoned the void of the entire seabed, so that the two could not leave here, so its body lifted slightly, and the scarlet blood light above its two heads Extraordinarily strange, after a while, there was a miniature version of the dragon of ice and fire, condensing the supreme power in its chest, shaking the entire seabed.

Although the ice and fire energy dragon is quite small, anyone can smell a truly scalp-numbing terrifying aura from it!

Such a tyrannical attack was the Xeon form after the ice and fire evil dragon fused the power of ice and fire. With the power of the two of them, it was impossible to resist!

"This is broken..." Looking at this scene, Shen Hong's expression became unprecedentedly solemn, his fists could not help clenching tightly, and even some rather obscure powers in Na Jie were about to move.

"Forget it, this time I came here just to obtain the title of the No. 1 alchemist in the mainland, there is no need to die for a treasure!"

"Yanxuan, you should keep this thing for yourself!" Shen Hong's face sank, and then a scroll appeared, crushed directly, his body was instantly involved in it, and he left here.

"Light-system time-space transfer scroll!"

"This is something that only some high-level officials in the Holy See can have. The details of this guy are unknown. It seems that he has to guard against him." Xiao Yan lost his voice.

"Shen Hong!"

"Xiyue Sect!"

"Bastard!" At this moment, Yan Xuan angrily roared, he was clearly a little short of being able to successfully collect the treasure, how could Shen Hong be so greedy for life and fear of death?

"Fall under my divine might, ants!"

"Ice and Fire Demon Dragon Pillar!" A deafening roar was directly vented, and the entire imprisoned seabed was surging, and the violent energy couldn't help setting off huge waves hundreds of meters in the sky, and muffled sounds came one after another.

Surrounded by pure ice and fire energy, the miniature version of the dragon shadow jumped up and down, and suddenly swept away towards the flames below. Wherever it passed along the way, the space burst open, and the tyrannical force made the energy of the heaven and earth here. Instant failure!

"Heavenly flames are immortal!" Feeling the attack of death, Yan Xuan held his breath, his eyes closed, the blood all over his body boiled, his muscles suddenly tense, and at the same time, countless flames vented out, directly on his body Above, formed a towering body of energy!

"Doing Emperor's body... It's really a long time ago." Xiao Yan shook his head, no matter how talented this Yan Xuan was, at the later stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian, the Ice Fire Evil Dragon's angry blow would probably be immortal. Seriously injured!

"Boom!" The fiery red Dou Emperor's body is extremely sturdy, and his level is probably as high as the ninth rank. With the addition of Yan Xuan's body that surpasses the level of the Great Heavenly Seed, his power is only inferior to that of Saint Yan's flame. The entire body of Dou Di is extremely bright.

"Destroy it!" The Ice Fire Evil Dragon snorted coldly, and suddenly the two heads exuded a domineering aura of who is the master.

"Kacha!" Emperor Dou's body shattered instantly, and countless fragments formed a piercing scorching sun, shining on the entire seabed. Yan Xuan's chest was also severely injured, and the blood in his body was violently tumbling, as if there was a threat of destruction at any time. .

With a sound, Yan Xuan spurted out a mouthful of blood. Immediately, the temperature on the piercing scorching sun increased sharply, and his body was beating rapidly. Taking advantage of the moment of contempt by the ice and fire dragon, he escaped from the crack on the side!

"Hoohoho!" Watching the two culprits escape from their attacks one after another, the huge head of the Ice Fire Evil Dragon couldn't help roaring.

They originally stole the dragon scales on their own bodies, and then used the trick of turning the tiger away from the mountain, trying to covet the precious silt that they had guarded for thousands of years, which made them escape?

Endless anger and killing intent vented out, turning this place into a real sea bottom.

"As expected of the gods of the ancient race." Seeing this, Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly. He thought that these two guys would die under the claws of the Ice Fire Evil Dragon, but he underestimated their strength.

"Boom!" In the underwater world, the Ice and Fire Evil Dragon roared wildly, venting its long-suppressed anger, and the minds of many forces who watched this scene from the outside world were all black, especially the ancestors of Yanyun and Shen. Xi old monster.

"Big guy, why are you moving so much?" While the Ice Fire Evil Dragon was roaring like this, Xiao Yan also paced slowly and walked out from a hidden void on the seabed.

"Human boy?"

"Do you dare to follow me?"

"Just use your life to quell my anger!" At this moment, the Ice Fire Evil Dragon wanted to slash all the human beings with a thousand swords, Xiao Yan just appeared in front of him, and immediately sneered.

"Hoohoho!" As there were no extra obstacles in the way, Xiao Yan's body changed slightly, and the dragon **** transformation was displayed, and the terrifying pressure of the orthodox dragon family swept out like the wrath of the gods.

"Longwei?"

"You are a human... how is that possible?" At this moment, the anger in the mind of the ice fire evil dragon was temporarily suppressed and calmed down. The power contained in this dragon roar is enough to make it impure. The dragon blood became quiet.

"Pfft!" The Ice and Fire Demon Pillar stopped moving and crawls down gently, daring not to act rashly like a servant.

"Dragon God Transformation Fourth Transformation, Half-Dragon Transformation!" Seeing the shocking gaze of the Ice Fire Evil Dragon, Xiao Yan's eyes changed slightly, and he immediately laughed.

"Kacha Kacha!" A blue halo slowly lingered, accompanied by Xiao Yan's long-lasting dragon roar, which was extremely shocking here.

"Baxia Dragon King..."

"Ice Fire Evil Dragon has seen His Majesty the Dragon King." At this moment, the countless restlessness calmed down, and the Ice Fire Evil Dragon also dropped its two heads completely and said respectfully to Xiao Yan.

Regardless of whether Xiao Yan is a human or a dragon, the genuine pattern of dominance on his body is enough to easily kill him. At this moment, the Ice Fire Evil Dragon has no disobedience and humbly crawls beside Xiao Yan.

"Get up."

"I walked out of the dragon clan to find the world of the great thousand, the juniors are good to practice, and there is a slight chance to enter the dragon clan soon."

"The treasure below is useful to me, you should step back." Xiao Yan leaned back and walked over, and the ancient voice swept out along with the half-dragon's domineering power.

"Yes!" The Ice and Fire Evil Dragon heard the words hurriedly evacuated the surrounding prisons, and fled away in a hurry. Even his heart was still trembling for a while. The Baxia Dragon King is one of the nine kings of the dragon family. They are all at the level of reincarnation, and even if they are seriously injured, their power is absolutely impossible to resist.

Following Xiao Yan's shot, the Ice Fire Evil Dragon ran far away and did not dare to act rashly.

"Next, what exactly is this..." Xiao Yan could not have imagined that the power of Half-Dragon Transformation and Dragon Might would have such a tyrannical and shocking effect on dragon monsters, he immediately laughed, but what happened just now was naturally just made up by Xiao Yan. Xiao Yan didn't know the current situation among the dragon clan.

"Soul power!" As soon as the laughter fell, Xiao Yan's majestic soul power was vented out, and he blasted away at the mud below.

"Gulugulu." Invaded by Xiao Yan's soul power, that mass of silt exudes a dazzling power, and that power is howling violently with the spiritual palace in his body!

"That's... holy air?"

full book