Chapter 579: The solution to Gorefiend Gold Qi!

"Xiao Yan!" With an exclamation, Shan Ling couldn't care less at this moment, her speed skyrocketed, and she flew away in the direction where Xiao Yan was!

"Pfft!" After Xiao Yan was hit by the Gorefiend's golden qi, he only felt that his mind suddenly lost his mind. The next moment, the Gorefiend's golden qi was directly strung into Xiao Yan's body. Controlling it yourself, a mouthful of blood spurted out, and then fell straight down!

"Xiao Yan!" Immortal Master Madwood and Yan said at the same time!

"Susu..."

"It's true that Benwei lost today, but in time, Benwei will make a comeback. At that time, you should be ready to die."

"Hahaha!" The eerie and evil voice slowly reverberated in this space, and then the blood-colored storm and the black blood mist formed by the Gorefiend Left Guard finally disappeared slowly under the burning power of Yan Shengyan. Finally completely disappeared in this space!

It's just that everyone didn't notice that a drop of blood-red blood left by the Gorefiend Left Guard was beating slowly, as if calling for something!

"damn it!"

"I can't think of a miscalculation, this Gorefiend left guard was willing to go all out at the last moment." Yan cursed viciously, and then his figure moved instantly.

Just came to Xiao Yan's side, and suddenly saw Shan Ling supporting Xiao Yan, and for a while a pure force continued to warm up Xiao Yan's body, and he kept apologizing to Xiao Yan.

"Shan Ling, don't do this, I took the soul liquid, and naturally I will agree to what you said." Xiao Yan was completely powerless, and was supported by Shan Ling at will.

"Xiao Yan, I'm sorry, I know you could leave just now... If it wasn't for my father, you wouldn't..." Shan Ling's big watery eyes clearly had a sense of remorse.

"Don't worry, I'm fine." Xiao Yan said cheerfully.

In just a few moments, Na Shanyao, Snake Xing and Immortal Master Madwood gathered here.

"Let me take a look." Immortal Master Madwood floated in mid-air, facing Shan Ling, and seemed to be a little sure about the relationship between Xiao Yan and Shan Ling.

"Well, father, you have to save him." Shan Ling agreed softly, and then handed Xiao Yan in her arms to Immortal Master Kuangmu!

Immortal Master Kuangmu took Xiao Yan, and a trace of soul force laid Xiao Yan's body flat!

"Relax!" Immortal Master Madwood snorted coldly, his soul power just poured out, and the information returned made Immortal Madwood feel a little uneasy in his heart.

"Tear!" A sound of clothes shattering immediately sounded from above Xiao Yan's body!

"This..." The next moment, Xiao Yan's chest was no longer blocked by his clothes, and he was directly exposed to everyone's eyelids.

At this time, on Xiao Yan's yellowed chest, an extremely conspicuous purple-gold blood strip slowly appeared, which was particularly eye-catching!

"It's actually really blood demon golden energy." Immortal Master Madwood's illusory soul body shook suddenly, and a horrified color emerged!

"Gorefiend's golden energy?" Yan heard the words, and his pupils became particularly dignified.

Although the remaining breath of the Gorefiend Left Guard in this desert mountain range was completely wiped out, there was no smile on the rock face at this time.

"Blood Demon Gold Qi?"

"What is that?" Shan Ling felt a trace of unease in the pupils of Immortal Master Madwood and Yan, and immediately opened her mouth slightly.

"Shan Ling, back up a little!" After a brief hesitation, Immortal Master Madwood spoke slowly.

"This blood demon golden energy is the most malicious means of the blood demon clan!"

"Take the blood energy condensed in one's life as a guide, and add some special means to condense a trace of blood demon gold energy. Once the blood demon gold energy enters the body, the person will surely die..."

"I didn't expect that the blood demon general's strength has vaguely given birth to this kind of thing..." Immortal Master Madwood said solemnly.

"Senior, why didn't I feel that the purple-gold blood devil's golden energy didn't change at all?" Xiao Yan's face suddenly became solemn when he heard the words. It was obvious that the purple-gold blood devil's golden energy had entered Xiao Yan's body just now. Lost for the first second, Xiao Yan did not feel any discomfort from beginning to end.

"Normal, this blood demon gold qi is a long-term hidden danger. It will not erupt immediately, but will slowly eat away at your mind, but every time it erupts, the pain that devours your heart is probably not something that ordinary people can resist." Immortal Master Crazy Wood said.

"Senior, is there no way to get rid of this thing?" Xiao Yan gritted his teeth. Although the blood demon golden energy had not erupted at this time, it was also a scourge if it remained in his body. He immediately asked unwillingly.

"This thing has been linked to your heart or even your soul, and it can't be forcibly removed, otherwise it will explode and die."

"At least I don't know any solution to this thing." Immortal Master Madwood shook his head helplessly.

"My king, this human being has helped us so much, and even saved you when this Gorefiend Left Guard immediately destroyed you. The power of my holy flame is none other than him!" Yan Weiwei looked at the illusory expression of Immortal Master Madwood. figure, said.

"Haha, the holy flame was originally yours, you don't have to ask me if you give it to anyone."

"But this kid, I have to say, he really has the style of my past."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hahaha!" Immortal Master Madwood laughed suddenly after finishing speaking!

"Kid, as the current owner of this holy flame, although I promised you in the manor and manor, this holy flame will be handed over to you, but in the middle, there will naturally be some tests, but your actions just now, But it made my eyes shine, so I think, this holy flame is handed over to you!" Yan said heartily.

"Uh uh uh..." Xiao Yan was shocked by this sudden scene Although he just wanted to save the Mad Wood Immortal Master, he did have this level of speculation, but in the final analysis, it was because of Shan Ling The relationship with this Mad Wood Immortal Master is not cheap, so Xiao Yan decided to take action.

"The threat of the blood demon gold energy in your body is too great. If this blood demon gold energy is discovered by any force above the Dou Emperor Continent, I am afraid that you will be regarded as a kind of foreign evil race, so in the On the premise that you don't have enough strength, don't easily expose the blood demon gold energy in front of your chest." Yan suddenly said in a deep voice.

"Xiao Yan thanked the two seniors!" Xiao Yan spoke slowly, and just after regaining some strength, he said to the two of them.

"I don't have much time left. For the rest, let me cooperate with the power of holy flame to temporarily seal the blood demon golden energy in your body. Although it is not a long-term skill, this is the only way now. ."

"I know you have some secrets. You should be the first human being who can have two holy flames or more."

"But remember, before you have obtained two holy flames or your strength has not reached the eight-star Dou Emperor, don't rashly conflict with this blood demon gold qi, otherwise only you will suffer!" Immortal Master Madwood said slowly.

"Okay!" Hearing this, Xiao Yan was instantly overjoyed. Although he was planted with the Gorefiend Gold Qi by the Gorefiend Zuowei, the second strongest of the Gorefiend clan, it was a blessing in disguise, but he was recognized by this rock!

The power of holy flame!

This is the first time Xiao Yan has come so close to this holy flame power!

Ask for tickets!