Chapter 136: Classification of fighting skills!

"Huh?" Xiao Yan also looked at his patriarch Golden Dragon King in surprise. Obviously, if his patriarch Golden Dragon King hadn't reminded him like this, Xiao Yan himself would have forgotten!

The two scrolls that were obtained from the ruins, one was the fighting skill scroll obtained by defeating the guardian, and the other was torn by Xiao Yan from the bones of the owner of the ruins!

Xiao Yan was extremely shocked by the hardness of the bones of the owner of the ruins, but fortunately, Xiao Yan was able to get this scroll under the baking of Su Xueying's holy flame power.

Thinking like this in his heart, Xiao Yan closed his eyes and calmed down, carefully sensing the scroll in his body that was rewarded by defeating the Guardian.

"Breakthrough!"

A wave of invisible fluctuations also spread from Xiao Yan's surroundings, and the fighting skills information in his mind surged out.

"Secret technique: Clone Technique! Immortal rank intermediate, this fighting technique is called Clone Technique, which enables cultivators to create a clone that is exactly the same as the main body by relying on a trace of soul imprint, and the clone is controlled by the practitioner, and the death of the clone will not harm the practitioner. produce any side effects!"

Xiao Yan's eyes lit up with just a few words of explanation. Maybe other people don't know the secret, only he knows the power of this fighting skill.

This is a clone technique!

Just from this short introduction, Xiao Yan felt that it was no less inferior to the soul avatar formed by the emperor realm mortal soul!

The emperor-level mortal-level soul avatar has the same strength and the same breath as Xiao Yan's real body. The two work together quite tacitly, but they also have huge flaws. If the entity is killed, then the feedback to Xiao Yan's body is also a huge amount of damage, ranging from serious injuries to serious injuries to the source.

The Three Thousand Thunders that Xiao Yan practiced before was a body fighting skill, but after all, it was a speed-type body fighting skill. When it was used to the extreme, only three vague figures appeared, which was completely different from the soul avatar of the emperor realm. different!

"Master, are there different types of fighting skills?" After a brief surprise, Xiao Yan also said solemnly.

"In addition to the basic level of fighting skills, there are also six categories of flying fighting skills, body fighting skills, secret skills, attacking fighting skills, defensive fighting skills and sealing fighting skills."

"Flying fighting skills, as the name suggests, is that some predecessors used special techniques to temper the wings of certain magical beasts to seal them up, and practice the flying fighting skills to display their wings, but on the Doudi Continent, they are basically stronger than Douwang or above. It is common to stand in the air, so the use of this flying fighting skill is also much less, but this thing is also precious."

"Movement fighting skills are just like the three thousand thunderbolts you practiced, known for their speed or some peculiar fighting skills. This kind of fighting skills is practiced by almost every strong person, but as far as I know, the movement skills are The most powerful fighting skills can travel thousands of miles in an instant!"

"Secret skills are divided into short-term strength enhancement and some bizarre fighting skills. The two are very similar to the Three Mysterious Transformations of Skyfire you practiced and the clone technique in front of you."

"As for the attacking fighting skills, it is known for its powerful attacks, just like the lotus of silence formed by the fusion of the flames on your body."

"Defensive fighting skills, as the name suggests, is known for its strong defensive power. When the defensive power is stronger than the offensive power, the attack will naturally be broken without attacking."

"As for the so-called seal fighting skill, it is displayed by the three elders of the Mu family as you have seen before, relying on the strength of one individual or multiple people to isolate a certain space, under the sealing fighting skill, any body The fighting skills cannot be used, so there is a scene that you appeared before." The Golden Dragon King also smiled and said slowly, although the little Yanzi in front of him didn't know much, the Golden Dragon King was also willing to explain.

"There are so many types..." Xiao Yan couldn't help smacking his lips. After all, he didn't know these things when he was on the Dou Qi Continent.

"Now that you know it, how about trying this clone technique first." The Golden Dragon King was also speaking out, obviously he also had expectations.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan responded gently, and then he also exercised all his vindictive energy and began to practice step by step according to the message.

The so-called avatar technique is based on the power of the soul. Although there can only be one avatar cultivated by this avatar technique, Xiao Yan is not discouraged at all. After all, it can be very useful at critical moments, and this avatar is dead. They can't cause any damage to Xiao Yan, and at most it consumes some soul power.

With a plan, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, and the huge soul power in his mind emerged.

The huge soul power has obviously not recovered to its peak. After all, it is only a loss of an emperor realm mortal soul clone. Fortunately, it is not an entity, but an energy clone. Xiao Yan did not lose too much backlash.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Puff puff!"

A tiny trace of soul power slowly shrank under Xiao Yan's strict control, and then was compressed by Xiao Yan, slowly turning into a light print the size of an eye.

"Bang bang bang!"

The light seal of the soul that was just about to succeed was also shattered.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan also frowned slightly, and then repeated the steps just now. It was obvious that Xiao Yan was too impatient, so he failed.

With the lessons of the first failure Xiao Yan is also much more rigorous, slowly controlling the soul power to merge, the whole process is just right.

"Boom boom boom!"

As soon as the Soul Light Seal was formed, it exuded not weak fluctuations.

Xiao Yan also nodded with satisfaction. With this Soul Light Imprint as the center of Xiao Yan's control of his clone, the clone he cultivated would not have any wrong thoughts.

The Fen Jue in the body was running at a high speed, and then the milky white Dou Qi in front of Xiao Yan slowly emerged from his body. This Dou Qi tempered by Fen Jue was also improved in quality.

The Soul Light Seal is used as the control center, and then the Dou Qi is used as the pillar, thus forming a clone!

It's easy to say, but difficult to do.

As soon as the milky white grudge and the soul light seal came into contact, they were arguing like a natural enemy.

But fortunately, under Xiao Yan's subtle control, the Soul Light Seal slowly leaked onto the Dou Qi, and then a figure just like Xiao Yan appeared out of thin air!

"Hahaha, what kind of thing did you get?" The Golden Dragon King also looked at the other Xiao Yan in front of him, smiling from ear to ear.

Xiao Yan was also puzzled, then turned his eyes slightly, but found a rather strong "Xiao Yan" looking at him honestly.

"This is???"

Xiao Yan was also stunned. Although it was his first time trying, he wouldn't be able to identify such a big fat man...