Chapter Vol 4 2213: 100,000 array patterns imprisoned Tianlong!

At the center of the spirit altar barrier, Xiao Yan and Alice were opposed to each other, and they did not act rashly.

"Sami, Albert, who do you think will win this battle?"

Looking at the two who were arguing with each other in the arena, Princess Qianqin smiled and joked.

"Princess, stop joking."

"There's nothing unexpected about this battle."

When the female elf Sami heard the words, she was stunned for a moment, then shook her head, and a wry smile appeared on her cheeks.

As Princess Qianqin's personal maid, she not only has the strength to achieve reincarnation, but is also responsible for the princess' daily affairs.

Now that they have lost the lottery, they can directly compete for the position of the next elf king in the final round. With the strength of three people to deal with the last person, the odds of winning are very high.

However, Sammy naturally didn't want to fight with Alice of the Western Tribe. Unfortunately, according to the current fighting strength of the Southern Tribe, they were unable to defeat the Western Tribe, which caused a lot of obstacles for them. After all, Alice's divine might was somewhat terrifying.

"Albert, what do you think?"

Qianqin didn't refute, she just shook her head.

"It's hard to say, this human named Xiao Yan always has some strange auras on his body, and to what extent the holy flame in his body is controlled, I'm not sure."

"..."

Xiao Yan stood above the void, the soles of his feet suddenly stomped, amber flames swept out, the space under his feet became distorted, countless amber flames formed a majestic and vast ocean, and in the ocean, the amber flames violently rolled , even the void can burn, and that kind of aura makes people shudder.

"Pretty good holy flame... But today, this princess will let you know what reincarnation is!"

As soon as Alice's voice fell, brown flames rose up on her delicate body, and a reincarnation pressure was suppressed like a mountain. Immediately, Qiongzhi volleyed towards Xiao Yan's position!

"Boom!"

Qiong pointed out that the void around his body seemed to be crushed by an inexplicable force, the space was slightly distorted, and a cyan beam of light condensed out. The cyan beam of light not only carried brown flames, but even a butterfly shadow pattern. Mysterious, in which the power is even more violent.

"Humph."

Seeing this, Xiao Yan nodded slightly, his expression became more and more cold, the amber rock soul fire revolved out of his body, and the majestic sea of ​​flames roared violently under his feet.

"Immortal golden body."

With a light call, a golden giant appeared on Xiao Yan's body, and a heavy aura was revealed on the golden giant's body. Just after it appeared, it was directed at Alice under Xiao Yan's control. The cyan beams of light are intertwined.

"Boom!"

Two terrifying attacks touched, and the sound of a shocking explosion sounded, and two completely different energies swept away, causing the space to hum.

"It seems that your amber flame is indeed extraordinary."

Seeing that her attack was actually devoured by the golden giant and the amber flame, without causing any energy ripples, and after it was completely annihilated, the contempt in Alice's eyes finally disappeared.

Although this was his own random blow, Xiao Yan was able to resolve it so easily, this guy

"Wood Spirit!"

After a while, with Alice's intelligence, under the current situation, naturally, Xiao Yan would not feel that Xiao Yan was an ordinary man, and immediately without hesitation, the blue butterfly shadow elf summoned out, quietly dormant behind his body, forming a round of beauty. The beautiful star map, the power is unshakable!

A cyan halo rose into the sky, and an astonishingly vast aura swept the entire world.

"The power of the formation, the Vulcan imprisoned the sky!"

"Give me a bundle!"

Hearing Alice's terrifying tricks, Xiao Yan's eyes flashed with a rare heaviness... and madness!

"Crash!"

As soon as the voice fell, the core inscription "Spiritual Movement" that had been silent for a long time in Xiao Yan's body suddenly became agitated, and circles of pure white formations centered on the vast sea of ​​​​fire under his feet, completely spread out.

Everyone saw Xiao Yan's body shaking. In the thin body, there was a shocking white energy overflowing. The white energy just overflowed, and suddenly carrying extremely mysterious energy, it ravaged the entire enchantment. It seemed that the entire enchantment was happening. with a special change.

"This is?"

Looking at this scene, Second Elder Ma Lin, Xiao Yi and the others couldn't sit still.

"Battle formation master!"

"That's the power of the pattern!"

After the rest, Xiao Yi finally determined the power that Xiao Yan displayed at this time.

"This guy has a lot of tricks."

"However, Alice is a first-level tier. If you want to deal with him, I am afraid that at least 100,000 formation patterns are needed. The current number of formation patterns is still a long way off."

Princess Qianqin nodded and lowered her eyebrows, then shook her head.

"What kind of power is this?"

The wood spirit butterfly shadow energy behind Alice became more and more intense. When he was about to launch a fatal blow, he found that all the energy in this enchantment suddenly lost all contact with himself, his eyes were raised, and he exclaimed. .

At this moment, in the entire holy altar barrier, the huge space was covered and invaded by a touch of amber flames. It's kind of daring, but it's really scary.

"Ninety-four thousand... it's still a little bit short."

Xiao Yi looked at the tens of thousands of huge troops behind her, and immediately shook her head, then closed her eyes, carefully mobilizing the power at Ni Gong Wan, urging the formation of the formation.

One hundred thousand paths can only deal with the ordinary reincarnation level. If it is to deal with the first level, I am afraid it will take about 150,000 paths. However, at this time, Xiao Yan has a holy flame, and the purpose of the battle array is to In order to temporarily imprison Alice, buy time for her own brewing attack.

Although Alice's strength is terrifying, but Xiao Yan's body is fully armed with the powers of Sheng Yan, Fen Jue, and Dragon God Transformation, I am afraid that the former can only be dimmed, but due to the unknown identity of Princess Qianqin, Xiao Yan does not want to be exposed by all means , hence the move.

The entire formation was completely shrouded by Xiao Yan's formation power. Alice frowned and looked, and could vaguely see Xiao Yan standing on the vast and boundless river of flames, beside him, thousands of people with bodies. The energy figures flickering with amber flames quietly crawled behind him, and they were quietly guarding Xiao Yan like guards.

At the same time, a monstrous chilling aura swept across the thousands of flame figures, the sky and the earth became pale in the entire formation, and the situation changed. Behind Xiao Yan, an illusory giant creature slowly protruded.

"One hundred thousand array pattern blessing!"

"The spirit of the formation, come out!"

Just as Alice's cheeks were beating violently and she was pale in shock, a roaring voice that broke the sky swept out from the sky, and the terrifying fluctuations contained in it turned out to be stirring the hearts of everyone. An air of melancholy fear crept into their hearts.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: