Chapter Vol 4 1093: 1 love!

"What do you want?" Xiao Yan forcibly endured the severe pain from his body, and asked Xuanling King.

"Hahaha."

"Take the two holy flames out of your body!" King Xuanling watched Xiao Yan's momentum weaken, and said directly with a big mouth.

"You are dreaming!" Xiao Yan said coldly after hearing this.

Saint Yan is extremely important to him, and King Xuanling's move is extremely unwise, but with the power of Xiao Yan at this time, there is no way to steal the soul ball from King Xuanling, otherwise things would not be so troublesome. .

"What is this King Xuanling doing... There seems to be something on those three pillars?" The Soul Eater Lord on the side was constantly dealing with Xuan Cang and constantly controlling Xuehe Ling, but he suddenly discovered something.

He only saw a slightly very weak aura slowly emerging above the three pillars. He just wanted to tell Xiao Yan, but was stopped by Xuan Cang.

"Then I'll let them fall here completely." The change on the three pillars was naturally the backhand prepared by the Xuanling King, but that thing was still a while away, so it could only be delayed temporarily.

The obscure aura above the three stone pillars is astonishingly absorbing the power of the three.

It can be said without hesitation that if you want to obtain the power of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python to suppress the Holy Flame, you can only use this method, and even Cailin and the others don’t know that since they were bound on the stone pillar, they were secretly hidden. The ghost qi continued to absorb the power of Cailin, thereby suppressing the power of the holy flames on the other two holy flames.

Xiao Yan was extremely weak, and Yueru's breath was sluggish, so no one noticed any changes on the three pillars.

"Strange, why is it a little cold?" And when Xiao Yan and the others were confronting each other, Mu Yingying suddenly said.

Mu Yingying is Sheng Yan, and she has a hot physique. If Sheng Yan felt cold, it would be unusual.

"cold?"

"And the power in my body seems to flow out a lot..." Hearing Mu Yingying say this, Cai Lin couldn't help but whisper.

"You can try!" In the face of the threat of King Xuanling, Xiao Yan said with a strong momentum.

"Are you just watching the entire Xuan Santian powerhouse go to destruction?"

"You must know that the number of people I control at this time, I am afraid that I am the strongest force in the entire Xuan Santian. If these forces are lost, I am afraid that the Xuanling Continent will turn into a bubble in an instant." Xuanling King said.

"Don't worry, I want to save people."

"It's impossible for Holy Flame to fall into your hands." Xiao Yan said coldly.

The reason why Xiao Yan delays time so much is that he is also devouring the medicinal pills to restore his power!

Xiao Yan believed that if there was a lotus of life and death, this King Xuanling would definitely be able to completely obliterate it!

"Don't be ashamed!"

"Xiao Yan, the final winner is still me!"

"Hahaha!" The next moment, the King Xuanling suddenly moved, turned into a black chain, and flew away directly at the stone pillar where Mu Yingying was!

"not good!"

"It's actually the Hunting Flame Lock!" Seeing this, the Soul Eater, who was not far away, couldn't help roaring!

The power of the Flame Hunting Chain is obvious to the Lord of Soul Eater. He has seen this thing before. This thing can ignore all the defenses of the Holy Flame and directly collect the divine weapon of the source of the Holy Flame!

If ordinary people are hit by this chain, I am afraid that they will be seriously injured in an instant, or even lose their vitality!

"No, the situation has changed!" And when King Xuanling's expression just fluctuated, Xiao Yan realized that something was wrong and hurriedly shouted.

"Hahaha!"

"The power of holy flame!" The King Xuanling turned into a jet-black chain, and shot directly at Mu Yingying. The speed was so fast that it was suffocating!

"The change just now... It was actually absorbing my power... I was careless." Looking at this sudden scene, Cai Lin also knew that the power of cold that Mu Yingying had just mentioned was her own power!

"Yingying!" Just when he saw King Xuanling's actions like this, Yan Chi let out a loud shout, and then his pupils turned red, and his body kept struggling to break free from the stone pillar!

"Whoosh whoosh!" No matter how Yan Chi struggled, an invisible chain on the stone pillar bound him all the time, preventing him from leaving the stone pillar at all!

"No!" The next moment, the chain transformed by King Xuanling came five meters in front of Mu Yingying, and the next moment, it would completely penetrate Mu Yingying's delicate body.

"Brother... Xiao Yan..." Mu Yingying's face changed greatly when faced with such a situation, and she couldn't help but murmured in a low voice.

"My holy flame, come back!" King Xuanling's gloomy voice came out, and he suddenly pierced into Mu Yingying's stone pillar.

"Pfft!" There was a sound of blood dripping, as if something was broken.

"Am I... dead?" The entire space was deadly silent, and then Mu Yingying opened her eyes slightly, but a shocking scene emerged in her heart!

"Xiao Yan!"

"Second brother!"

"Second brother!"

"No!" Heart-piercing roars gathered from all directions.

And just as Mu Yingying opened her beautiful eyes, she was attracted by these roars!

What was reflected in Mu Yingying's pupils was a rather familiar face. There was no pain on that face, but a very pale aura.

"Xiao Yan, don't!"

"You can't die!" But when Mu Yingying saw Xiao Yan's figure, she shook her head frantically, her eyes fixed on Xiao Yan!

Because at this moment, at Xiao Yan's heart, a huge skeleton about the size of a fist emerged, and at the center of the skeleton, a bright red heart was inserted into an incomparably dark chain. The power that corrodes everything, constantly devours Xiao Yan's vitality.

"Whoosh whoosh!" The black chain was pulled out, and then Yueru's figure followed, directly attacking her in a deadlock.

And as the black chains were pulled away, Xiao Yan's heart also seemed to be seriously injured, and the beating frequency was slowly weakening, but the heart that was still intact just now became fragmented after the black chains left!

"I... finally didn't... break my promise." Xiao Yan looked at Mu Yingying who was close at hand, and said softly, his voice was quite soft.

"say no more!"

"say no more!"

"You're going to die!" But Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes turned red, and the tip of her nose felt sour.

"Cai Lin I'm sorry..."

"Yingying, I'm sorry..."

"Long Yi, Xiao Yi, Senior Soul Eater, I'm sorry..." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a mouthful of blood spurted out, and then his breath suddenly plummeted, his eyes became dull, and even his demeanor died. , as if on the verge of death!

"Shabu Shabu!" At this time, on Xiao Yan's forehead, the Xiao clan lines slowly appeared, and they continued to release traces of mysterious power, trying to repair Xiao Yan's broken heart, but to no avail!

"No...Xiao Yan, you can't throw us away like this!" When Cailin saw this scene, her whole body collapsed instantly. There is no place for Queen Medusa's air, and she looked like she wanted to die.

"Xiao Yan, you can't die..." But Mu Yingying and Cailin were caught by this sudden scene and tried their best to break free from the restraint of the stone pillar. No matter how powerful the restraint was on the stone pillar, the two women ignored it!

Finally, at the next moment, the two women broke free from the shackles of the stone pillar, and then came to Xiao Yan, hugged Xiao Yan gently, the power of ten colors and the power of azure holy flame kept going towards Xiao Yan, He tried to repair Xiao Yan's broken heart, but Xiao Yan's aura was still rapidly weakening, and was even about to disappear!

Xiao Yan's body's life force has almost drained away, and he has begun to dissipate his soul power. Once Xiao Yan's body's soul power is completely dissipated, I am afraid that the strong fighting gods will not be able to return to the sky!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Huhu

and!