Chapter Vol 4 904: 4 Emperor vs Dou Xian

"If that's the case, let's fight!" When Ling Mengsheng heard this, he burst into laughter, but he didn't pay attention to Dong Xuan in front of him!

Dong Xuan, it is the Xuanling royal family who did not know where to pay a high price to invite him to worship, and his strength is only in the early stage of one-star Dou Xian. Although Ling Mengsheng's strength is only the peak of Dou Di, Dong Xuan alone has not let Ling Mengsheng. Mengsheng four people are afraid of the degree.

"Do you need to take action..." Zhu Jin, who was hidden in the formation, felt the strength of Dong Xuan Yixing in the early stage of Dou Xian, who was above the ancient tree, and couldn't help but say something to Fen Tian.

With that keen perception, Zhu Jin knew that this guy was a genuine Fighting Immortal powerhouse.

Zhu Jin's current strength is already at the level of a half-immortal. Naturally, he knows that a half-immortal and a fighting immortal are not at the same level, so Zhu Jin said so worriedly.

"Being not."

"Even though Dong Xuan's strength is Dou Xian, he is only in the early stage of 1-star Dou Xian, and this battle is the first battle that Ling Mengsheng just got rid of. For him, it is very important." Fen Tian shook his head.

"But Dong Xuan isn't a vegetarian either."

"The wood-type vindictiveness, coupled with the fact that this place is a forest, is a rare treasure for him. In this case, they are tantamount to being at a disadvantage." Zhu Jin wondered and worried.

"No breaking, no standing."

"Ling Mengsheng has been at the peak of Dou Di for decades..."

"And you forgot, fire also kills wood." After Fen Tian finished speaking, he suddenly laughed.

"You mean..." And as soon as Fen Tian's voice fell, Zhu Jin was also excited!

If there is a fighting immortal in their Burning Incense Pavilion, I am afraid it is enough to sweep the super sect!

"Wait and see." After Fen Tian finished speaking, the two suddenly became quiet, and a war broke out in that ancient tree.

"Although I don't know the deep hatred between King Xuanling and you Burning Incense Pavilion, but I'm just taking people's money and helping them eliminate disasters, so don't blame me when you guys go to **** later." Dong Xuan looked very strange, looking at Lingmengsheng four People's eyes also became gloomy.

Dong Xuan is not from the Xuanling Continent, so naturally he doesn't know the power of Fenxiang Pavilion, but for King Xuanling's promise to give him a reward for killing a strong Fenxiang Pavilion, Dong Xuan is excited when he thinks about it. , and the strength of these four powerhouses are all in the nine-star Dou Emperor, and even have stepped into the peak of Dou Emperor, the status of the four is definitely not low in the Fenxiang Pavilion, so if you kill the four, I am afraid you will get The benefits will be...

"Shoot!" Lingmengsheng also knew that this guy was facing their Fenxiang Pavilion, so he didn't plan to keep his hands, and he was ready to use his ultimate move as soon as he made a move!

"This is my territory, fall obediently." As soon as Dong Xuan finished speaking, he lifted his palm slightly, and the overwhelming energy immediately turned into a huge tree in the sky, whistling towards Lingmengsheng. .

"What a tyrannical attack, worthy of being a fighting immortal powerhouse." Lingmengsheng said a word, and then his hands did not stop, and the dazzling power of life and death gathered in the palm of his hand, and then faced Dong Xuan, who was incarnated as a tree in the sky. Attack away!

"Boom boom boom!" The dazzling power of life and death and Dong Xuan's mysterious power attacked, and the sound of sawdust shattering suddenly sounded in the space of the ancient tree!

"Little Qing'er, buy us some time!" The two elders of Tiandi also knew that Lingmengsheng wouldn't last long, and immediately spoke up.

"Okay." The old man nodded secretly when he heard the words.

Looking at the old man as a defense, the two elders of heaven and earth also sat cross-legged directly on the green stairs, and immediately put their palms on each other.

"Good boy, it's interesting." Dong Xuan blinked, and then said to Lingmengsheng.

"This guy, his strength is indeed tyrannical." Ling Mengsheng wiped a trace of blood from the corner of his mouth, and then stared vigilantly at Dong Xuan in front of him.

"Tianxuan wooden hand!" After a while, Dong Xuan launched the attack first.

As soon as Dong Xuan finished speaking, a dazzling palm with a size of several tens of meters slowly formed in front of him, and on the wooden hand, there were circles of mysterious runes surrounding it, and its power was obviously extremely terrifying.

"Three days of flame palms!" Seeing this, Ling Mengsheng took a deep breath, and then the power of life and death instantly flashed.

At that time, Lingmengsheng's entire body shone with the power of life and death intertwined with black and white, and the next moment, the dazzling power of life and death directly formed a black and white palm that was also several dozen meters in size in front of him!

The black and white palms just appeared, and suddenly the inner space of the ancient tree vibrated slightly, and Ling Mengsheng knew that this space had a certain degree of suppression for them, otherwise his attack would be at least a few hundred meters in size.

"An ant is an ant after all." Dong Xuan shook his head slowly. Although Ling Mengsheng's attack seemed to be very powerful, the strength of Dou Di's peak was not enough to make Dong Xuan official.

"It's time to end." Dong Xuan stood at a height below zero, and pointed lightly at the direction where Lingmengsheng was. Suddenly, the terrifying killer move around him seemed to pierce the heavens and the earth, directly facing Lingmengsheng.

"It's good to come!" Seeing Dong Xuan's devastating attack, Ling Mengsheng not only did not retreat, but even took a step forward, and then the dazzling black and white palm suddenly pushed, directly attacking Dong Xuan. Intertwined!

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as the two touched , the overwhelming terrorist attacks continued to spread out, and the energy ripples that spread out, I am afraid that the mere Eight Star Dou Emperor can be wiped out!

"As expected of an immortal warrior." Ling Mengsheng kept his eyes fixed on the two attacks in mid-air. After a while, he realized that as expected, his attack was gradually defeated by Dong Xuan's attack.

"It's taking a blow from me!" Ling Mengsheng is indeed a daring person, watching his attack fall below, he did not hesitate, and he didn't want to wait for his attack to fail before making a move, but the first time Get ready to do it.

"Shabu Shabu!" The space around Reimu Sheng trembled slightly, and then he disappeared directly in place.

"Well?" Dong Xuan was a little surprised by Ling Mengsheng's sudden scene, but the next moment, he understood.

"Old dog!"

"Go to hell!" With an air of arrogance, he appeared directly three meters away from Dong Xuan, and this figure was Lingmengsheng!

At this time, Lingmengsheng, on the palm of his hand, a group of extremely subtle fiery red flames slowly beat like a elf, but don't look at the small flames, but the pressure on Dong Xuan is like death.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's actually Shengyanzihuo..." Dong Xuan felt a dignified feeling in his heart, and then a dazzling black-green aura was slowly born on his body, and finally intertwined with the Shengyanzihuo controlled by Lingmengsheng. , forming a quite spectacular scenery inside the ancient tree.