Chapter Vol 4 2137: Holy City move, judge the demon of light! ...

After the catastrophe of the Endless Fire Territory, three days are passing by.

At this moment in Douyun Continent, every minute and every second passed extremely slowly, and this tense and depressed atmosphere made countless people dare not take a breath.

If they successfully obliterated the Holy See, it would be a relief for them. Living under the rules of the Holy See for thousands of years has already exhausted them physically and mentally.

Once it fails, the anger of the Holy See is enough to make the entire Dou Di Continent utterly devastated, so the leaders of the ancient races did not dare to attack rashly. In the end, they were all afraid of the consequences.

After all, no one dares to take this kind of internal survival that involves the entire continent lightly.

"Still no news."

An ancient race, a resident of the Yao tribe, Yao Wan was sitting on a mat, looking out from afar, quietly looking at the location of the Holy See Holy City in the distance, the young face couldn't help but grow a lot older.

For nearly a month, several attempts have been made to launch a general attack on the Holy See Holy City, but they have been rejected by several Supreme Elders. Therefore, these patriarchs are also very anxious. In this case, the longer the delay, the worse it will be for them.

After all, fighting is related to the rise of morale.

As a last resort, nearly half of the forces that were ambushed around the Holy See were withdrawn to their respective sect territories to stand by to prevent them from being discovered by the Holy See, so it also ushered in some rather leisurely time.

Of course, Xiao Yan, Feng Wan'er and the others are still on their way.

"Brother Gu Yuan?"

Yao Wan's self-deprecating voice just fell, and Gu Yuan filed out at the end of the road, and his expression was rather strange, as if something major happened, and beside him, there was a man with a gloomy face.

That is Soul Clan Chief Hun Tianhao.

"what happened?"

Yao Wan hurriedly got up, greeted the two, and immediately asked.

Among the seven ancient clans, the strongest are the Gu, Yao, and Soul clans. The arrival of these two clan chiefs together may not be a good sign.

"In a month's time, all the elders of the Supreme Being joined hands, and they did not investigate any clues about the Holy See."

"But just now, a special envoy of the Holy See set out from the Holy City and sent invitation letters to the famous forces in Douyun Continent."

Gu Yuan explained Yao Wan Wan's confusion, and while speaking, he took out the invitation letter he received.

"The Holy See is probably planning something this time."

The Soul Clan's patriarch's face was extremely gloomy. Although the whole person gave off a gloomy and eerie atmosphere, he was deeply trusted by the ancient races. After all, the actions of the Soul Clan on Douyun Continent were completely opposite to that of the Soul Palace.

"Invitation letter from the Holy See?"

Yao Wan took the envelope in one hand and read it carefully.

"Respected patriarch of the ancient clan, I formally invite you as the Cardinal Archbishop of the Holy See to publicly judge the Devil of Light in the Holy City of the Holy See ten days later."

"Let's witness this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity together, lead by the end of the devil's power, and pray to the angels, may the light always be with me!"

There are so few lines of words on the luxurious and precious envelope, but those small fonts have been added with a mysterious power, which makes people feel relaxed and happy!

The power of the Holy See light attribute!

And it is very likely that it came from the handwriting of the top officials of the Holy See!

"Judgment Demon of Light?"

After Yao Wan read the envelope, he said with a puzzled expression that he was quite puzzled by the Holy See's practice.

Could it be that they haven't noticed the abnormality of Douyun Continent?

Or are they insinuating?

"The Demon of Light is a gifted angel in the Holy See."

"At the beginning, she fell in love with the demon emperor, the overlord of the demon world. After some bizarre experiences, after the demon emperor was sealed, she mistakenly thought that the demon emperor was killed, fell into anger and fell into the devil's way, joined the foreign evil clan, and decided to take revenge on the Holy See and the world."

"Blessed by the power of light and foreign evil races, the demon of light is formed."

"But not long ago, according to reliable information, she seemed to be arrested and imprisoned again by the Holy See."

The Soul Clan Patriarch explained that the Soul Clan almost controls the most complete intelligence network in the entire continent, so the other two did not ask any further questions.

"According to reliable information, the demon emperor has been broken for a long time. I am afraid that what the Holy See did this time was aimed directly at the demon emperor."

"And the Holy See is so blatantly judging the demon of light, the reason is probably obvious."

Gu Yuan's expression was solemn, and his voice was full of worry.

"Then the question is, why is the Holy See doing this?"

"Although the demon of light is extremely vicious, but in the face of the demon emperor, shouldn't the Holy See make matters worse?"

Yao Wan Yuan pointed out the problem in a straight-forward manner.

"According to an ancient book in my soul clan, the Holy See is only a force left by angels in the great world to promote the grace and power of angels."

"And when a person's strength becomes more and more inflated, what he pursues will rise to another level."

"The kingdom of angels is the true pinnacle of the Great Thousand Worlds. No one knows where they are. The only thing that can be understood is that all the upper and middle ranks of the Holy See can be promoted to the kingdom of angels with the help of some kind of ceremony."

"As for what kind of ceremony, that is unknown."

Soul Tianhao said with a serious face.

"You mean... someone wants to use the demon of light as an excuse to lead the demon emperor out?"

After a while, in Gu Yuan's mind, a bold idea emerged uncontrollably.

"Probably."

Soul Tianhao nodded solemnly, his expression extremely solemn.

"Demon Emperor...that's the overlord of the demon world!"

"The strongest who experienced the first world war!"

"Even if the Holy See Pope's strength is almost the same as his, the combat power is definitely not comparable!"

"The strength of the demon emperor has already penetrated into the subtle!"

"A strong man who has experienced the first world war, isn't it a latecomer who can catch up?"

A shock appeared in Gu Yuan's heart.

When the ancient eight clans broke the sky and came here, their eight clan powerhouses have gone through untold hardships and finally gained a firm foothold in Douyun Continent, but the Xiao clan has a big heart, and went out with the power of the whole clan, trying to break through. A wider world, so there are only seven ancient clans here.

However, through some obscure connections, Gu Yuan knew that not only did the Xiao Clan not get wiped out when they went out, but even after some bizarre experiences, Yi Ran became a giant race in the Great Thousand Worlds, far exceeding the ancient seven clans countless times!

More importantly, the Demon Emperor is related to the Xiao Clan!

"The letter writer... the red-clothed archbishop?"

"Is it true that the Pope does not exist in the Holy See?"

Yao Wan rolled his eyes, saw the words at the end of the envelope, and said.

"It's really strange Soul Tianhao muttered in doubt.

"No, this matter is too involved, and we must report to the elder Taishang as soon as possible."

"go."

As soon as the words fell, the three also poured into the residence of the elders of the medicine clan, but the next battle will probably start completely at an extremely fast speed.

The Holy See Holy City in the distance.

"Kelly...you really disappointed me."

The Pope sat leisurely in the hall of the stele, watching Kelly's stele turn into dust, but he didn't feel any loss. A maddened smile filled his lazy face.

The Holy See has many branches, but except for Douyun Continent and a few, the strength of other branches is too weak. Kelly's strength is still too weak.

txt download address:

phone-reading: