Chapter 178: provocative!

As Xiao Yan's voice fell, everyone on the square also reacted from the shock just now!

Just now, they were shocked by the first place in the mouth of the old man above the high-rise building. After all, it was the first place among a few people, and it was enough to be called the king of newcomers among thousands of them. Its strength is also inevitable. It will not be weak, otherwise it will be difficult to convince the public.

The person known as Brother Ma is named Mark, a rookie in the early stage of the four-star Dou Di, and the fifth-level talent is also rated as the fourth-level talent!

Among the thousands of rookies, the fourth-level talent is not as powerful as the fifth-level talent, but there are only a hundred of them. To be rated as a four-star talent is enough to show that this Mark has a considerable strength.

As soon as Mark's words fell, the people beside him were also talking in a low voice.

In this way, many people in the square also reacted!

How could this rookie king be a person at the peak of the three-star Dou Di?

How does this convince the public?

The fifth-class talent newcomers must be the newcomer kings here, and they must be stronger than them, which can convince them.

Yueru is because of her status as the inheritor, so it is not surprising that even the peak of the three-star Dou Di is not surprising. After all, it is rumored that the cultivation of the inheritor is quite difficult.

However, this Xiao Yan is also the peak strength of the three-star Dou Di, and he is also their new king. Some people in the square are inevitably dissatisfied.

If you say that you are not convinced, it is actually because you are jealous of the position of the rookie king. Although you don’t know the rules and rewards of the selection competition, everyone with a discerning eye knows that since Xuan Santian will do such a test, it must not be unintentional. Maybe this There may be something alluring about the position of the rookie king.

And the most important thing is that this rookie king is currently only a three-star Dou Di peak!

The peak of the three-star Dou Emperor seems to be only a thin line away from the four-star Dou Emperor, but as a four-star Dou Emperor, he also understands that this seems to be a small level, but it is very different, so Mark dares to face Xiao Yan, a newcomer. The king's position was questioned.

Although many people on the square have the strength of a four-star Dou Di, there are still many people who dare not provoke. .

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

But this Mark didn't think so. Just now, he looked at the rookie king with bad intentions, and the rookie king didn't do anything. That's why he became bold enough to be this early bird!

Because this Mark also knows that even though this shot is a hit, he is also a four-star Dou Emperor, and he has the power to fight against this rookie king who is at the peak of this three-star Dou Emperor!

And once this early bird succeeds, then the title of the new king is also his own! When the time comes to face the challenges of others, you can stay behind closed doors! This can guarantee his position as the new king!

Just thinking about it, Mark felt that this was an opportunity given to him by God, and he must not let it go!

"This……"

"Why is the strength of the peak of the three-star Dou Di again?" Zhu Zhuqing also frowned slightly, and then asked puzzled.

"This person seems to have extremely powerful strength..." He Wanxia also muttered to herself, because the long whip in her hand also made a buzzing sound!

It was as if he was afraid of Xiao Yan!

Although He Wanxia is belligerent, the girl still has a thoughtful look, so she also thought deeply.

Looking at the high-rise building slowly exuding a harmless smile, He Wanxia seemed to smell an extremely strong aura of danger from under that smile.

"This Xiao Yan is not easy..." He Wanxia also laughed, then her eyes moved slightly, and she said to the four men beside her, "Four, do you all want the title of the new king?"

"Xiao Yan, who is at the peak of the three-star Dou Emperor, you people in the middle stage of the four-star Dou Emperor have a very high chance of winning!"

"Hehehe, Miss He is serious. The title of the new king is naturally earned by the powerful. Although this Xiao Yan is only the peak strength of the three-star Dou Di, it should not be underestimated." Song Cheng also said.

Hearing this, the other three also nodded their heads. The six of them are all in the middle stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor. When it comes to fighting alone, naturally no one can do anything about it.

But they are not fools. Even the woman who has the status of the inheritor can only rank second. Xiao Yan can rank first and win the title of the new king. Naturally, he must have a stronger background than the inheritor!

Because the test before the trials is impossible to have half a point of moisture!

This is jointly supervised by the nine super sects, so no one dares to release water.

"It seems that some people still don't believe it..."

"How?"

"This mark is the strength of the four-star Dou Di in the early days." The old man above the tall building also put away the jade slip. Obviously, he also deliberately did not read the small words of the "tenth-level soul" behind Xiao Yan. After all, he is also very I want to see how powerful this mighty soul power can be!

"Small idea." Xiao Yan also responded indifferently, obviously he didn't take Mark from the early stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor in his eyes.

"Hahaha, how is it?"

"Is the so-called rookie king just a guy who hides his head and shows his tail?" Mark still insisted.

"Shut up, don't talk nonsense!" Yue Ru, who was on the side, couldn't help it, then stood up and said angrily to Mark Dai's eyes.

"Don't speak ill of him!" Yue Ru was also full of vindictive aura, and then walked towards Mark step by step.

"This..." The crowd that was buzzing on the square was also quiet for a while, and then burst into monstrous laughter.

"Hahaha!"

"This rookie king is actually protected by a woman, laughing to death..."

"Why don't you go home and find your mother..." The people above the square also laughed.

"Hahaha, Xiao Yan, did you hear that?"

"Do you want to acquire the title of the new king under the protection of a woman?"

"I think you should go home as soon as possible!" Mark also laughed loudly.

"You!" When Yueru was just about to attack, Xiao Yan above the tall building also said, "Don't you just want to challenge me, I agree, you don't have to use these small tricks Accept anyway~ Your challenge is just a matter of wasting seconds."

"I'm not ashamed to say it! I cut my tongue carefully for a while!" Mark said angrily!

Yue Ru, who was on the side, also stepped back when she heard the words.

However, Mark smiled brightly at this time. He said during the test that anyone can challenge someone who is more talented than his own level, as long as both parties agree!

And as long as the challenge is successful, the title of the new king will also belong to you, and then...

Mark thought of this, and then he laughed too. The reason why he wanted to provoke Xiao Yan like this was because he was afraid that Xiao Yan would not agree. In terms of position, they will sit still and sit still!

Fortunately, this kid is still impulsive!

Now is your chance!

The rookie king!

Mark's eyes were filled with greed.

"Sir, what are the rules of the competition?" Xiao Yan also asked the old man beside him.

"Just don't die." The old man also said slowly.

"Mark, I accept your challenge!" Xiao Yan also looked at Mark with a harmless smile on his face.

There are some things at home that have been delayed, but there will be no shortage of two shifts every day. It is estimated that it will break out tomorrow and the day after tomorrow!

So the update time is a bit unstable these days! But two more every day will not be less~