Chapter 86: Attack and Defend!

"Damn it!"

"I didn't expect that Xiao Yan would be so ruthless when he made a move. According to his family's information, it's not that he has superb refining skills, so that we can capture him back..."

"I didn't expect it to be so tricky!"

Looking at the twenty-three-color delicate lotus seeds that came slowly not far away, Wu Huanguang felt an incomparably powerful sense of crisis from it!

Wu Huan clenched his teeth fiercely, his pupils shrank tightly, but he didn't dare to be slighted any more, a deep shout suddenly came from his throat, and immediately the fiery red battle qi poured out of his body, and finally turned into There was a huge crimson fire cloud that was a hundred feet long.

As for his figure, he was in the center of the fire cloud, with some flames churning all around him, making a loud rumbling sound like waves crashing on the rocks in the sea, which made people feel a little depressed.

That feeling is like facing the endless sea alone, making people unable to show the slightest courage to resist...

The fiery red fire clouds filled the sky, and the fiery temperature enveloped the sky, but even so, compared to Xiao Yan's Buddha's Furious Fire Lotus, which contained twenty-three kinds of different fires, it was not worth mentioning.

Yi Huo has the terrifying power to change the world and the environment of a party. This is indeed true.

With all the efforts, the surrounding area in the depths of the Demonic Beast Mountains suddenly seemed to have been dry for a long time. Even the moisture in the air was evaporated. When the dry air was breathed into the body, a burst of air came from the throat. Painful dryness.

"go!"

His eyes stared at the huge fire cloud that filled the sky and the earth under the display of martial arts. The whole body trembled slightly, and then a screeching sound that cut through the space suddenly erupted, turning into a colorful streamer, mixed with a terrifying and unparalleled hot wind, overwhelming the sky and covering the fiery red sea of ​​​​fire in the distance.

"Fire Cloud!"

"Cohesion!"

"Triple Rashomon Gate!"

With a dignified expression, Wu Huan looked at the colorful streamer that burst forth. Wu Huan did not dare to hesitate at all. With a movement of his handprint, a shout came out from his throat. Immediately, the huge cloud of fire suddenly violently churned up, and the flames whistled and swirled. It turned out to be a faint, condensed into three huge light mirrors in front of him!

The appearance of these three-sided mirrors. In front of Wu Huan, a three-layer powerful defense was formed! Although it directly caused Wu Huan's complexion to lose some blood in an instant, but obviously, this thing consumes a lot of vindictive energy.

The mirror is huge and square in shape, but it has a powerful force that is slowly gathering momentum.

Even Xiao Yan was taken aback when the huge three-piece prism-shaped mirror composed of fiery red fighting qi appeared. He didn't expect this martial art to have such superb defensive means. Xiao Yan asked himself, I'm afraid Even now, it is difficult for him to condense such complicated and complicated defense methods using strange fire or fighting qi.

This Wu Huan is indeed worthy of being called the proud son of heaven, and he really has something special.

Xiao Yan was surprised at the moment, but the Buddha Fury Huo Lian, who had already locked on the target, did not hesitate at all. It was like a teleportation. In a few flashes, it was not far from Wu Huan. The terrifying strong wind, even Wu Huan. The fiery red fire clouds that filled the sky beside him were slightly rippling.

"Defend!"

Looking at the oncoming terrifying fire lotus with an extremely dignified expression, Wu Huan's handprint suddenly changed, and with a low voice, the three-sided huge prism formed by its condensed energy emitted a ray of light like the dawn of dawn out of thin air. Immediately, it was firmly resisted in front of Wu Huan, as indestructible as a copper wall and an iron wall, as if he was not afraid to let the fire lotus collide fiercely!

The distance between the two reached in an instant. Immediately, two terrifying energies that were enough to burn mountains and boil the sea collided like meteors in the nerves of Xiao Yan and Han Feng suddenly tense!

"Bang!"

The two are in contact. The entire Warcraft Mountain Range was silent, and then the energy between the heaven and the earth suddenly rioted, and the splendid energy flew everywhere. It seemed that they were all madly escaping from the impacted area...

The energy of the sudden riot between the heavens and the earth made even the powerhouses far away from the Demonic Beast Mountains stopped their movements in panic, looking at the battle that was far away in the sky with unbelievable horror in their eyes.

"Looking at this, are some overlords in the depths of the Warcraft Mountains fighting for their territory again..." An old man looked at the huge explosion in the distance and couldn't help but say.

"This is……"

"Wu'er?"

"Didn't he say that he went to the depths of the Warcraft Mountains to hunt monsters by himself? Looking at the fluctuations, he was obviously fighting against others."

"Fourth, take some people to take a look, just in case, the other kid who fought Wuer..." In Wucheng, a middle-aged man exuding a monstrous atmosphere above the tiger seat, facing him A pale middle-aged man compared an action...

The palm of the hand is spread across the neck...

"Yes!"

The figure also looked at the appearance of the city lord, and nodded knowingly.

"This fluctuation..."

"It's Xiao Yan!"

"Father, let's go!"

"You girl, look at you in a hurry."

A stalwart figure and a familiar figure were both Yueru and Yueyu.

"Boom!"

The silence only lasted for a moment, and a cataclysm-like energy storm erupted from a certain center point like a storm!

The terrifying flame energy storm spread almost 100 meters away.

Since the Buddha's Furious Fire Lotus exploded, the terrifying power spread instantly.

"Boom boom boom!"

The terrifying power of different fires and the defensive power of the three-sided light mirror viciously merge together!

The Buddha's Fury Lotus flew towards the light mirror under Xiao Yan's control When it touched the first light mirror, Xiao Yan flicked it, and then the gorgeous Buddha's Fury Lotus was completely destroyed. explode.

"Bang bang bang!"

At the moment when the Buddha's Furious Fire Lotus exploded, the terrifying high temperature spread, and the terrifying power directly smashed the first light mirror away, and then hit the second light mirror with great force!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The terrifying high temperature of the Buddha's Furious Fire Lotus was mixed with extraordinary destructive power. After breaking through the first light mirror, it slammed into the second light mirror viciously, with a circle of fighting spirits of hundreds of meters. Practice rippling out from the collision of the two!

The Buddha's Furious Fire Lotus that Xiao Yan has condensed is constantly attacking, and Wu Huan is also mobilizing the vindictive energy of his whole body, desperately condensing towards the remaining two light mirrors of the three-layered Rashomen, trying to defend against the terrifying power of flames. attack!

After Xiao Yan's condensed Buddha's Fury Fire Lotus broke through the first defensive light mirror, the power also weakened in waves, obviously the so-called triple Rashomen's defense is also extremely powerful!

However, Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, and then the Burning Jue in his body started to run wildly, and the overwhelming milky white flame fighting Qi poured into the fire lotuses that were slowly resisting each other in the arena.

Now that we have a vengeance, in order to prevent future troubles, this martial arts has only one end!

die!

One more update!

Ask for a monthly pass!

Please subscribe!