Chapter Vol 4 1291: Round 1!

After the forging knife Thunder Valley Master announced the rules of the first stage, although there were also many dissatisfaction among the contestants, there were still two stages of competition, so they weighed it and gave up the first stage of the competition for the time being.

After all, whether it is the first stage or the second and third stages that follow, there are ten places to qualify, and the fittest will be eliminated. Naturally, there is no need to pin all your hopes on the first stage.

"Let's go, let's draw lots." After weighing it a little, Yuwei will not participate in the first stage of the individual competition for the time being. After all, this competition is a one-on-one battle. If one accidentally falls, it is not a matter of Forge Thunder Valley. .

So Xiao Yan and Yuwei headed towards the wooden box for drawing lots. Apart from that, there were originally 3,000 people in this war zone, but under consideration, only 2,000 people participated.

"Come and draw lots when you've decided. As for giving up the first stage, your own strong people will take you down to rest."

"Wait until the first stage is over, and then the second stage will start." The Valley Master of Forge Thunder Valley opened his mouth slowly.

"Red 100?" Xiao Yan easily came to the wooden box. After asking the guards, he put his palm into it gently. When Du appeared, a piece of white paper with the huge red 100 number on it slowly stopped appear slowly.

"I'm Red 50." Yu Ran Ran and Yu Wei said helplessly to Xiao Yan after they parted.

"I don't know how this individual competition is carried out..." Holding the white paper in his palm tightly, he looked up at the burly aura in the sky.

"Since everyone has drawn lots, this individual competition will begin now!"

"There are a total of 2,000 contestants participating in our battle in this draw, divided into two numbers, red and blue."

"Red No. 1 vs. Blue No. 1, so that the top 100 will be decided, and the winner will be selected." The Valley Master of Forge Thunder Valley said slowly.

"That's it, it seems that the two of us are dealing with blue numbers. I don't know what opponent we will meet this time in the individual competition..." Xiao Yan smiled slightly.

"I believe you won't fail so easily... See you in the final." Yu Ran's eyes moved slightly, she obviously knew that Xiao Yan was not as simple as it seemed.

"After the lottery, you will be taken to the arena by our strong swordsmen from Thunder Valley. Today, the top 100 will be divided." said the Valley Master of Thunder Valley.

"See you in the final." Xiao Yan also laughed, then followed the Weiwei guards, left Leijie Square, and headed towards the arena.

It has to be said that the area of ​​this thunder world is too huge, so the battles of tens of thousands of people are actually going on at the same time.

After a while, Xiao Yan and his party, a total of 100 people, came directly to the arena.

The periphery of the arena is protected by a layer of tyrannical protective barrier, which is supposed to be set up to keep the combatants from being hurt.

The arena is like a gladiatorial arena. It is high all around, and there are many seats. It is obviously designed for people to watch. As for the middle, it is bumpy.

"My name is Duan Heng, and I am the general manager of this arena."

"All the competitions of the hundred of you will be managed by me." The guard brought Xiao Yan and the other one hundred people here, and immediately came out [] an old man.

The old man had white hair and a tyrannical aura all over his body, which made everyone quite depressed.

"Just the strength of the old man in charge of an arena is the power of the late Samsung Dou Xian..."

"The background of this sword-forging Thunder Valley is really terrifying." Xiao Yan said slowly.

"Master Duan Heng, are there any rules for this competition?" At this moment, a white student opened his mouth slightly.

"Competition is determined by victory and defeat, and the use of fighting spirits and weapons is allowed. Once any party admits defeat in the battle, it means the end of the game. I will personally take action at that time, otherwise I will not admit defeat, even if there are casualties, it is not my responsibility within the jurisdiction." The old man Duan Heng said.

"I see that you can't wait, so let's get started."

"In the first round, red 100 vs. blue 100." Duan Heng opened his mouth slightly, and suddenly there was a gap in the protective barrier of the arena in front of him.

"Am I the first?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan was a little puzzled, but he still took a step forward, because through the power of his soul, he was surprised to find that the number in the hands of the people here is actually one hundred or later.

"Hahaha!"

"I didn't expect my opponent to be a weak chicken!"

"Without three moves, you will definitely be defeated by me." On the other side, a burly man took a step forward slowly, and it was vaguely that the space around the spirit was agitated.

"A powerhouse at the power level... The strength is still in the middle stage of the two-star Dou Xian."

"It seems that this person competes, and some are playing." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Enter the arena, let's get started." Duan Heng said slowly.

"Please." Xiao Yan said softly, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire suddenly appeared behind him, suppressing his breath.

"Boy, don't cry and beg for mercy for a while." Naturally, the burly man didn't notice the heat in Xiao Yan's eyes, and was still happy that he had gotten such a weak chicken.

"Huhu."

"This arena is really special." The two of them had just rushed into the arena, and Xiao Yan suddenly discovered that the interior of the arena was actually composed of undulating peaks and rocks. The author is quite helpful But unfortunately, Xiao Yan is not of the earth family.

"Boy, take my sword." The burly man was proud of himself, but his strength should not be underestimated. His azure fighting qi suddenly turned into a sharp sword, his figure flickered, and he assassinated Xiao Yan. And go.

"Tricks of carving insects." Although this level of attack is tyrannical, the current Xiao Yan is the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God who has already cultivated. In terms of power, I am afraid that this guy is not his opponent.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boom boom boom!" The Yihuo Heng ancient ruler was removed instantly, and a violent aura like a soul beast suddenly spread out, and then blasted away at the burly man.

"Bang bang bang!" As soon as the two attacked, Xiao Yan's cyan giant sword was instantly cracked by Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan's attacking momentum did not weaken in the slightest, and he directly attacked the vital point of the burly man. Looking at this appearance, it was obvious I want to kill with one kill.

"Don't underestimate me!" Being able to participate in the Eastern Continent Competition is not a waste. After all, they are all geniuses from all over the Eastern Continent.

The next moment, the figure of the burly man collided instantly, and then with the help of the skyrocketing power, Xiao Yan's attack was easily deflected away.

"It's kind of interesting." Xiao Yan was about to end the game with one blow, but he didn't have this scene of this burly man, and he became a little wary!

This burly man is definitely not as simple as it seems on the surface, but wanting to defeat Xiao Yan is tantamount to fooling around in a dream, at best it is just a stepping stone for Xiao Yan.