Chapter Vol 4 1337: Soul Contest of the Night!

Since the three Xiao Yan signed up and went back, they each said goodbye and went back to their residences, and Xiao Yan was not idle, and directly took out the Thunder Explosion Technique to practice.

Although the Thunder Explosion Technique is only suitable for the cultivation of thunder attribute Dou Qi, after Xiao Yan replaced the thunder attribute Dou Qi with fire attribute Dou Qi, Xiao Yan was a little surprised at the speed of the explosion.

After all, the Valley Master also said that Thunder Explosion is a martial art, and the speed depends on the strength of his own Dou Qi, and Xiao Yan's fire attribute has been tempered by the nourishment of the holy flame. The power is much stronger than that of the Great Celestial Seed, so it is not surprising to have such a speed.

With this fighting skill, it is extremely convenient to chase or escape in the future.

"I still need to practice more." Xiao Yan was content to follow the operation line of the Thunder Explosion Technique, and continued to calculate, and then he became more and more familiar with the speed control.

The night is always quiet. At this time, the Thunder Realm is quite quiet, and you can actually see the stars in the night sky.

"Are you ready?" Not long after, the inner courtyard of the Leicheng Alchemist Association was a vast area, and the figures of an old man and a handsome figure slowly appeared.

"Master, let's get started." Qian Yingbei's lips moved slightly, and there was a trace of terrifying fluctuations in her eyes.

"In that case, let's get started!"

"Wow, la la." The old man is the current president of the Alchemist Association, and his strength and soul power are so tyrannical, even in the entire Thunder Realm, few people can match him.

"Weng Om Om!" As the president of the Alchemist Association made his move, in this void, a wave of dazzling souls wriggled slightly, and a door to the void that resembled a space channel was vaguely formed in front of the two!

"Yun Qi, come in." The president of the Alchemist Association said dotingly to the woman in front of him.

Yun Qi, now recognized as a genius in the Alchemist Association, a direct disciple of the president of Alchemist Association, his strength has reached the perfection of the two-star Dou Xian, and his soul power has reached the peak of the middle stage of Taixu, and he is only one step away from the later stage. The talent is strong and enviable.

"Yes." Yun Qi's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, then closed his eyes slightly, a dazzling soul force emerged from his body, and then followed the soul channel colluded by the president of the Alchemist Association, towards the Thunder Realm.

Yun Qi also wanted to participate in this soul competition, but after the registration was over, he left Leijie and returned to Leicheng for meditation, so there was this scene.

"what……"

"What is this?" In Xiao Yan's originally quiet house, a rather tyrannical soul fluctuation appeared slightly. The energy intensity of this soul fluctuation was actually several times more tyrannical than Xiao Yan's, making Xiao Yan's Yan vaguely felt uneasy!

"Not good!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's instinct, Sheng Yan's heart on his chest beat violently, and a tyrannical threat slowly filled the entire house.

"The sense of smell is good, but unfortunately the strength is too weak." A light voice slowly echoed in Xiao Yan's house.

"This is the Thunder Realm. Your Excellency is so sneaky..." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, but he knew that at this time, his house was completely wrapped by this guy's soul. If he wanted to fight recklessly ,I am afraid……

"I'm not interested in these."

"If you don't want to die, just follow me." The tyrannical soul beam didn't say anything, and left a wriggling crack in Xiao Yan's house, and then stepped directly into it.

"Master, this..." Xiao Yan frowned upon seeing this.

"Soul channel, interesting."

"Let's go, since others want to meet you, naturally we can't back down."

"It's just a small immortal rank fifth-grade pharmacist. If you really want to move my disciple of the Soul Eater, I'm afraid today will be the day of your annihilation." Xiao Yan's body, the voice of the Soul Eater eloquently conveyed out, filled with an extremely proud self-confidence.

"This guy should be soul power, and only soul power can enter the soul channel. This can be said to be a battle between soul powers."

"This guy's soul power is so tyrannical, it should be someone behind her who helped her build a soul channel."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This guy should be your biggest enemy in the second-stage soul test," said Soul Eater.

"Crash!" Xiao Yan closed his eyes when he heard the words, and then the dazzling soul power slowly came out of the body and poured into the wriggling soul channel.

"Is this the soul passage..." Just poured into the mysterious space, and suddenly found that this place is boundless, as vast as a galaxy of stars, without any energy, without any danger, as if eternal.

"I don't see that you are really brave." The next moment, a milky white light beam slowly emerged, and then turned into a beautiful shadow. Obviously, she felt that Xiao Yan would not go to the meeting alone.

On the milky white shadow, a tremendous pressure hit Xiao Yan, not only the suppression of the soul power, but even the suppression of the grudge!

"Why are you in such a hurry?"

"Our battle will naturally meet in the second stage." Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly, obviously already aware of this guy's identity.

When he signed up, he vaguely knew Yun Qi's identity, and at the same time he knew that this Yun Qi would probably be Xiao Yan's most difficult opponent to deal with in the second stage.

"You are a good opponent..."

"So... the soul is destroyed!" The milky white shadow did not talk too much with Xiao Yan The milky white halo suddenly appeared, and then attacked Xiao Yan, because she knew that this was the thunder world, even if It was her master who did it, and she couldn't hide it for long.

The dazzling soul power turned into a giant hand in the sky, with a tyrannical aura that would destroy the trees and rot, and attacked Xiao Yan.

"What a tyrannical attack!" Xiao Yan saw milky white light suddenly emerge from his delicate body, and then blasted towards Xiao Yan. This level of attack is not something that ordinary powerhouses can issue.

"Hey, President of the Alchemist Association, when is it your turn to spend so much trouble for a junior?" And just when Xiao Yan was about to start, a dazzling sound of thunder slowly entered the soul passage. sounded.

"Duan Tianhong?" At the same time, an old voice sounded indifferent, and the words were filled with inconceivable.

How could this dignified overlord of the entire Eastern Continent show up for a little Xiao Yan?

"President of the Alchemist Association, this Xiao Yan is also a member of your Alchemist Association. It's unreasonable for you to do this..."

"Furthermore, Xiao Yan is the person I'm covering. If you want to move him, I'm afraid even you will have to weigh it." Lei Yin appeared slowly, but with an extremely tyrannical coercion of heaven and earth, he permeated the soul passage.

"If that's the case, let them compete well in the second stage." The president of the Alchemist Association felt the rare anger in Leiyin, and he shook his head helplessly, and then shook it casually. dissipated away.