Chapter Vol 4 1270: one of the scariest

"Boy, it's your turn next, I hope you don't let me down." Du Feng registered all the information of the two girls, then turned his head and stared at Xiao Yan intently.

Relying on Xiao Yan's use of soul power to clear his own domineering pressure just now, Du Feng vaguely guessed that this guy was probably a pharmacist, and his rank was probably not low!

In the entire ghost world, pharmacists are too rare, so it has caused the ghost world to protect the pharmacist profession with many protections and some convenient means, and Dongzhou is no exception, even because the sword-forging Thunder Valley deals with weapons and lightning all the year round. Contaminated with a lot of thunder and lightning, only some of the medicinal pills of high-level pharmacists can be expelled, so if a pharmacist is a pharmacist, whether it is in Leicheng or in the Thunder Valley, it is very welcome. .

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Junior Xiao Yan, in the early stage of two-star Dou Xian." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"What about your occupation?" Du Feng said in a calm manner on the surface, but he was extremely nervous inside.

This registration has been going on for several months, but after so much time, the number of people who signed up for all the bases has exceeded 10,000, but the number of alchemists is only one-handed.

"Occupation?"

"If you are a professional, let's refine a pharmacist." Xiao Yan thought about it and said.

"Is it really a pharmacist?" After Xiao Yan said this, Duan Feng's eyes lit up.

"What kind of rank?" Du Feng Zaidu asked at the next moment.

"Senior, this registration information is too detailed, isn't it?" Xiao Yan obviously sensed something and said with a sly smile.

"Registering ordinary people is naturally a normal method, but if you register some monsters, you will naturally use extraordinary methods." Du Feng said.

"Emperor-rank third-grade pharmacist." Xiao Yan said softly.

Xiao Yan's current soul power has completely reached the fairyland, and he has condensed the spiritual palace. The medicine refining technology has already entered the fourth stage of the fairy rank. It is a pity that Xiao Yan has never refined medicine pills, so he is not clear about his own refining. What is the level of medicine technology?

"What?" Du Feng heard the words, his face stunned.

Don't underestimate the third-grade imperial pharmacist, this is the threshold for becoming the fourth-grade immortal!

And in any power, if there is a third-grade emperor-rank pharmacist, his status will undoubtedly rise, and even his power will help him advance to the immortal-rank pharmacist at all costs.

"In the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian, is the emperor rank third-grade medicine refining..." Duan Feng muttered slightly.

"This guy..." Yu Wei, who was on the side, couldn't help being a little surprised when she heard the words. Obviously, Xiao Yan's identity as an alchemist was enough for many strong people to take it seriously.

"Okay, let's go next."

"Let me see the purity of your Dou Qi." After writing some basic information, the crystal returned to Xiao Yan's hands, Du Feng said.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and then lightly held the crystal ball with his palm.

"This crystal ball is made of a very special material. It seems to be guiding the Dou Qi in my body..." Xiao Yan had just held the crystal ball, and a commotion suddenly spread out slowly.

"Crash!" After a while, a bright red light filled the huge study room, and an extremely hot breath slowly emerged from the study room.

"It's such a tyrannical fluctuation of fighting qi, I'm afraid it can be rated at the ninth level just for this purity!" Du Feng couldn't help laughing when he saw this.

In fact, the ratio of East Continent is only to select the geniuses above East Continent, so as to participate in the Four Continents Contest, if the Great Master of Li Hunyu on the Four Continents Contest is favored and accepted as a disciple, it will undoubtedly brighten East Continent.

And this Dou Qi purity level test is actually unnecessary. This thing is useless for the competition at all. The reason why Forge Knife Thunder Valley joins this test is for some things in the valley.

"It's not over yet?"

"Stop for me!" Xiao Yan also noticed this scene and prepared to stop with satisfaction. After all, the purity of Dou Qi had already reached the ninth level at this time, which was enough.

"Weng Om!" The entire study was filled with an extremely tyrannical red flame, and the crystal ball was also filled with a red light, but it didn't mean to stop, it turned out to be directly facing Xiao Yan's body. Going to the place of Sheng Yan, looking at this appearance, it is clear that he wants to mobilize the power of Sheng Yan.

"Damn, stop for me!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help being shocked, and hurriedly used his dazzling soul power to stop it, but to no avail.

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, the sound of a broken crystal ball resounded slowly.

"This...how is this possible?" Dufeng and the others naturally did not notice that Xiao Yan's holy flame power was actually sucked out by the crystal ball, which caused the crystal to be unable to withstand the enormous power and shattered instantly.

"Broken... Broken?" Yu Ran Ran on the side couldn't help but shook her head gently. With her sharp eyes, she just saw clearly that on the crystal ball, although it was only nine at first, but later, it was an instant. The time soared to ten, and within a breath of time after the cross appeared, the crystal ball was completely shattered.

"Hahaha." The next moment, Du Feng, whose face was full of disbelief, suddenly burst out laughing, and a sense of pleasure emerged.

"Senior, this is..." The restlessness stopped after a while, and then Xiao Yan couldn't help asking.

"It's okay."

"I have already registered the information of the three of you. After one month, Lei Cheng will announce the specific matters and rules of the competition for the registration of Dongzhou Ratio."

"In the next time, you should work hard to improve your strength."

"Come on, send three people to rest." After Du Feng finished speaking, he tightly held the blank sheet of paper where Xiao Yan's registration information was registered. The bottom line of the blank sheet of paper was impressively written: "Tenth-level fire attribute Dou Qi purity."

Don't underestimate the word purity of heart.

Take the dragon clan as an example, the dragon clan is undoubtedly the ancestor of the dragon-type beasts. Similar to the Taixu ancient dragon, at best, they are only high-level creatures with the blood of the dragon clan. Compared with the real dragon clan, they are nothing short of nothing.

And the purity of Dou Qi is the same.

If one compares the Dou Qi of ordinary people to being familiar with the third, then some forces are a little bit more tyrannical to be the fourth, the alchemist may be the fifth, but Xiao Yan, who has the holy flame, is ten!

The degree of purity of Dou Qi attributes determines the tyranny of Dou Qi.

"Three adults, I'll take you down to rest." After a while, a young woman in a ru skirt slowly appeared, took Xiao Yan and the three, and went straight to rest.

"Mo Yu, this time you will bring good luck to the Thunder Valley."

"This Xiao Yan has such a strong fire attribute, I'm afraid there are some fire-attribute wonders in his body... But how could this be just a third-grade emperor alchemist..."

"Is it an illusion?"

"No, this matter has to be told to the city lord. After all, if you really encounter a strong person who possesses the sacred artifact of holy flame, the dark disease that has plagued the valley lord for many years will also be cured."

"At that time, the ratio of the four continents, with Gu Zhu leading the team, I am afraid that our Dongzhou will be able to re-enter the top two."

"Hehehe." After Du Feng finished speaking, he took the white paper that recorded Xiao Yan's registration information and disappeared into the study.