Chapter Vol 4 1965: Reincarnation, the Supreme Elder of the Yan Clan!

"Hey-hey……"

"The illustrious name of the guardians of the Xiao clan is widely circulated in the Great Thousand Worlds."

"As soon as I see it now, it really lives up to its reputation." Facing the fear of coercion on the hunched old man in front of him, Xu Shao's pressure increased greatly, and a very strange aura swept out in his voice.

For a time, two dark red coffins buzzed behind him, and an extremely hot breath emanated from the invisible. The countless evil patterns on the coffins wriggled, and they were eerie. The power is stalemate!

"There are no guardians here, you are looking in the wrong place."

"Go back." Listening to Xu Shao's words, the old man with a clean white jade stick in his hand, his long white hair fluttered, revealing a very haggard face, and his voice was full of warning.

Under the haggard face, there were traces of wrinkles at the edges and corners, but on the face, the fragrance still remained. I am afraid that this old man was also a beautiful woman when she was young, but now with the increase of age, her appearance has become easier. old……

"I came today mainly for it!"

"If the senior can lend it to me, the junior will naturally be very grateful."

"Even helping you kill the Xiao Clan is not a bad idea!" Xu Shao looked at the black stone in the center of the square, there was a trace of blood in his body, and he slowly shook and said.

That kind of extremely evil power, like a real foreign evil race, that kind of power has clearly surpassed the scope of the Soul Palace, I am afraid that this guy is not only the Huangtang Hall Master of the Soul Palace.

"It's really terrifying, even the masters of your Soul Palace don't dare to be so presumptuous to me."

"But it seems that you are so fearless, I am afraid you brought some old buddies here." The old man slowly raised his head, and the white eyes that penetrated everything contained a deep meaning, which was a touch of absolute confidence, as if everything in the world is in control. in their own hands.

"Hey, the hall master and others are cautious, and it is difficult to become a great weapon. The Soul Palace can only rely on me. Only with my leadership can the Soul Palace become the first race in the Great Thousand World."

"Weng buzzing!" At this time, countless blood lines on the two dark red coffins wriggled, wrapping Xu Shao tightly, and an evil aura that was above everything swept out.

"I'm afraid you don't have that ability!" The old man snorted lightly, and immediately placed the jade staff in his hand slightly on the ground, and a tidal wave of white energy roared out of his body, facing Xu Shao, surging away. The power of the surrounding space is actually shaking, and that power is actually mixed with the power of reincarnation!

"Bang bang bang!" Strangely, when the attack of the old man fell on Xu Shao's body, he suddenly scattered away.

"Pfft!" Immediately, a rare gloom flashed from the corner of Xu Shao's mouth, and the two dark red coffins behind him also shook slightly, and there was a vaguely terrifying creature about to appear.

For a time, there was a glimmer of light in the eyes of the old man. It was obvious that what Xu Shao was doing now touched her slightly. This kind of power was not even possessed by the hall master of the Soul Palace. Possibly possess this power?

"Mother, are you all right?" As the battle situation became stalemate for a while, two figures came one after another on the square.

"No problem." Seeing Su Xueying's arrival, there was a rather tame soft light in her beautiful eyes, and she said with relief.

Su Xueying is among the top guardians in terms of talent and understanding, and she is one of the proud disciples after the careful teaching of the mistress. Watching this girl grow up day by day, the mistress is also quite gratified.

One day, Su Xueying will replace herself and prove the strength of their guardians to the descendants of the Xiao family, and it will make them regret it!

After all, when they were the guardians of the Xiao clan, they devoted countless efforts to the Xiao clan, but in the end, the Xiao clan abandoned them ruthlessly. It hurts her heart.

Sooner or later, they will make the Xiao Clan regret it!

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan's figure also came after him, watching Su Xueying supporting his mistress, he asked with concern for a while.

However, with Xiao Yan's strength, he could vaguely sense that the power hidden in this seemingly aged old body is probably only a line weaker than the demon emperor of the demon world!

Reincarnation!

"This is?" Xiao Yan's figure just appeared, and the old man's eyes changed from relief to doubt. Even though Xiao Yan tried his best to suppress his breath, the familiar breath was still captured by this mistress.

"Mistress, he is my friend, no doubt, I can swear to God." Su Xueying looked at this scene, slightly startled, but because the mistress was in front of her, she could only grit her teeth secretly, and raised her jade hand gently .

The Guardian's hatred and resentment towards the Xiao Clan were spread from among the few high-ranking Guardians. The people of the Xiao Clan they described were stubborn and heinous by nature. At the beginning, they ruthlessly abandoned them, and even ruthlessly abandoned them. It was to attack some of the high-level guards today, and then the Xiao family completely disappeared in the Daqian world. After a long time, the guardians were also besieged and hunted by countless powerhouses. As a last resort, they could only choose their bases in this kind of place. A poisonous swamp with harsh environment to avoid the pursuit of countless strong men.

When I just came here, in order to open up this lazy space to survive, many of their guardians have fallen into the poisonous swamp. Therefore, the guardian's resentment towards the people of the Xiao family is also passed down from generation to generation. The current situation.

"Friend?" When the mistress heard the words, her eyes were extremely surprised. She knew Su Xueying's heart very well. Now she looks like she is lying, but Su Xueying, who always considers herself to be high-definition and not affected by the world, will actually excuse a man. This is probably enough to explain some problems.

"Xu Shao... This time, I'll see where you're going!" Xiao Yan tried his best to suppress the blood and aura of the Xiao clan in his body, but he could only helplessly cast his eyes on the blood-colored evil pattern enchantment and cast some sorcery. , laughed.

Today's power is enough to easily obliterate Xu Shao in the early stage of Eight-Star Dou Xian, but what Xiao Yan cares about most is the "resurrection immortality" magic technique similar to Lei Shi and the second elder of the Yan clan. That kind of power is definitely similar to this guy. An inescapable relationship.

And the so-called resurrection magic in the world can only be controlled by the angel family. How did this guy do it?

"Come out, two!"

"Meet your old friends well!"

"Hahaha!" Looking at the three people in front of him, Xu Shao's face flashed with a spooky and crazy color, all the energy in his body was vented, and he kept staring at the two dark red coffins!

At that time, the blood pattern on the coffin was awakened like the sleeping demonic energy, squirming rapidly, and scenes of **** evil clouds suddenly emerged from the sky, and the **** evil aura contained in them turned out to be numbing , the blood stopped flowing.

"Is that the power of faith?"

"How can it be possible to control this kind of power in the early days of the Eight Stars Fighting Immortals?"

"Not good!" Seeing Xu Shao's actions like this, the jade staff on the palm of the mistress flew up, pierced through the void and shot directly at Xu Shao, sweeping out the reincarnation power that destroyed the world.

"It's too late!" Xu Shao sneered, it seemed that at this moment, he had already won.

"Crack." With a sound, the blood coffins above the two coffins were opened at the same time, and the two overwhelming evil auras, like a flood of beasts, completely filled the entire square in an instant!

The jade stick, which contains the power of reincarnation, is enough to destroy everything, but when it came to Xu Shao, it stopped abruptly, and a huge red hand directly protected it, so that it could not move at all. .

"The Supreme Elder of the Yan Clan..."

"Reincarnation level..." Looking at the figure emerging from the coffin, the mistress's voice revealed extreme surprise!

At this moment, the air above the entire square instantly solidified, and an extremely depressing aura filled the hearts of everyone. A world-class battle ignited at one point!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: