Chapter 116: Fight!

?? Looking at Xiao Yan in the sky who fell into the lower wind in a short period of time, everyone in the Yue family felt nervous.

"Don't worry, it shouldn't be a problem, that kid still has a lot of trump cards to play." Clenching his fists tightly, Yue Yu smiled comfortingly at her daughter Yue Ru.

Hearing this, the third elder and others on the side also nodded slightly. Although they were not very clear about Xiao Yan's methods, since this Xiao Yan can obtain the great fortune in the previous ruins, then there must be some extraordinary people. place.

Yueru on the side heard what they said, but shook her head. She knew Xiao Yan, so she knew exactly what means he had. Just looking at the previous battle, it was obvious that Xiao Yan was at a disadvantage. If it lasts for a while, I am afraid it will be difficult to guarantee that there will be no injuries.

"This guy seems to be guarding against something..." With a doubt in her heart, a wry smile appeared on Yueru's cheeks.

When inside the ruins, Xiao Yan's attack was much more powerful than it is now, and the milky white flame and the heavy ruler were even more terrifying. Now Xiao Yan seems to be deliberately suppressing his own strength.

After a brief conversation, the people in the Yue family quickly turned their attention to the battle circle in the sky again.

Xiao Yan's whole body was covered with milky white flames, the flames vibrated slightly, and his body was suspended in the sky, but in the pitch-black eyes, there was a sharp flash of light.

After the fight just now, Xiao Yan also found that the strength of the Mu family's three elders seems to be floating.

Xiao Yan's eyes narrowed slightly. If this is the case, then he should just defeat the three elders of the Mu family, and then see if the so-called soul clan will show up. After all, Xiao Yan is not only the peak of the three-star Dou Emperor, but also The golden demon puppet in his hand has also been tempered, which is comparable to the powerhouses of the late four-star Dou Di!

After Xiao Yan's figure stopped, the Mu family's third elder did not give him much time to breathe, and the scarred elder broke away from his figure again and shot out suddenly.

The low sound of tiger roar came from his mouth, and the rich blood-colored light became more and more intense. The scar elder held the palm of his hand, and the blood-colored light surged. Immediately, it solidified into extremely sharp energy tiger claws, and the tiger claws cut through the void. It left a few light-colored traces directly in the empty space.

"Kid, die!"

The scarred elder roared, and his body suddenly burst out. He appeared in front of Xiao Yan in an instant. The sharp tiger claws looked very strange under the rendering of blood-colored energy. When his arm shook, the tiger claws were quite vicious. Grab it towards Xiao Yan's throat, looking at the momentum, if he is caught rightly, even if Xiao Yan has a body of strange fire, he will definitely be killed on the spot.

His pupils narrowed and he looked at the rapidly expanding tiger claws. The silver light on Xiao Yan's feet suddenly flashed strangely, and his body trembled slightly.

laugh!

The tiger claws grabbed with the incomparable strong wind, and immediately caught Xiao Yan's throat under the countless horrified eyes above the Yue Family Courtyard. It didn't appear, instead, it just went out straight like this.

Seeing this, the horrified gazes in the Yue family let out a heavy sigh of relief.

"Afterimage?"

The tiger claws penetrated the image, and the scar elder screamed, and then sneered. He didn't turn around, but the soles of his feet suddenly slammed into the space behind him.

"Bang!"

The soles of the feet were thrown in a certain space with a strong force, and then a black shadow suddenly flashed out, and was immediately kicked out by the force.

Turning his head slightly, the elder Scar stared at Xiao Yan who shot backwards with bloodthirsty eyes, but he was stunned. On that young face, he clearly saw a sneer.

After being stunned for a while, Elder Scar's eyes moved abruptly, but he realized that the position where Xiao Yan shot back was actually the elder in gray who maintained the formation.

And in this flash of light and flint, Xiao Yan had already used the kick of the scarred elder to instantly appear in front of the gray-robed elder behind him. He clenched his fist to reveal two fingers, and the veins on his arm were like blue veins. It swelled up like a worm, and then hit it hard.

"Huangquan refers to!"

A low shout sounded, Xiao Yan's fist struck the heart of the gray-robed elder like lightning, but at the moment of the hit, Xiao Yan's complexion suddenly changed, because he found that an invisible force seemed to knock him down. The attack was isolated, otherwise his attack would be fatal!

"Bang!"

The terrifying finger prints carried majestic energy and slammed heavily on the chest of the gray-robed elder, and the latter's chest was also sunk in a terrifying arc.

The gray-robed elder looked at Xiao Yan, whose complexion had changed slightly, but gave a sinister smile, and immediately slapped his belly with a slap. Suddenly, a terrifying force emerged from the depression in his chest, like a flood. The overwhelming storm came out.

boom!

Terrifying power rushed frantically from Xiao Yan's arm, which directly shattered all his sleeves, and his body flew out like lightning once again.

Xiao Yan forcibly stabilized his body, and his eyes were full of solemnity. There seemed to be some mysterious connection between the three elders of the Mu family, which was beyond his expectations.

"Boy, I can't see that you still have some strength." Elder Scars stood in the air, and the three of them surrounded Xiao Yan again, sneering, he could naturally feel that Xiao Yan had obviously borrowed it from him on purpose. The strength is close to the other two people. Judging from this situation, it should be trying to defeat the other two people by bypassing himself.

After all, although they are three brothers, in reality, they are the peak of the four-star Dou Di in the early stage, and the other two are a little weaker than him But these three are not ordinary weak hands, even if they are Xiao Yan used "Three Thousand Thunders", but he still couldn't escape their senses. It was very difficult to be surprised...

"Mr. Mu, what are you doing? A kid who is at the peak of the three-star Dou Di has to spend so much time?" Just as Xiao Yan's thoughts turned, there was a sudden sound of Murray's roar in the distance. Looking at it, I can see that this guy is very violent. A kid at the peak of the three-star fighting emperor, not only dispatched most of their Mu family's strength, but also was entangled by this kid for so long, and it was inevitable that he was a little unhappy.

"How dare you, this kid is not an ordinary three-star Doudi peak powerhouse, and his ability to resist fights is simply super strong." Elder Scar frowned and pouted in his heart, but his face was gradually cold, with scarlet eyes. Staring closely at Xiao Yan, he said to the two companions in a gloomy voice, "Quickly solve it."

"Yeah." The other two Mu family elders nodded, the intense fighting intent in their eyes became more intense, and the blood-red energy shrouded in their bodies became much stronger.

"It seems that they are going to be serious." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

Feeling the momentum of the three of them, Xiao Yan also let out a long sigh, and then he slowly closed his eyes, and as his eyes closed, his whole body suddenly burst into an extremely dazzling fiery red Strong light, this ray of light spreads up quickly, and in one breath, it wraps the body as much as possible.

The rays of light spread upward, and Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly opened, but the pair of dark eyes suddenly turned into silver eyes at this moment, which looked extremely strange.

Two updates are over today

Make up for last week's debt! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: