Chapter Vol 4 1236: Forging begins!

With Xiao Yan refining the ground dragon blood crystal, more than a few months passed in an instant, and the Soul Eater and Nether Soul Son, also during this period of time, carefully negotiated the issue of robbing the Qidu Divine Soul Cup, and patiently Waiting for Xiao Yan to go out.

"Gulugulu." In the blood pool at this time, the earth dragon blood crystals have all been refined and merged, and the original blood pool with a depth of tens of meters and a clear and transparent blood pool is now extremely crimson like lava, even a Bubbles kept emerging, and it was unknown whether it was because the temperature was too high or the energy was too intense.

"This dragon's blood is really not easy." Xiao Yan was standing quietly beside the blood pond at this time. Just relying on his perception, he also knew that in the blood pond at this time, such a huge energy might be able to kill a person in an instant. One Star Fighting Immortal Powerhouse!

But fortunately, Xiao Yan's current strength has broken through the one-star fighting immortal.

Devouring the fighting spirit to improve strength is basically the consensus in the world, but the degree of improvement is related to the quality of the fighting spirit, and the time is quite short, and it does not take too much time. A Dou Xian powerhouse can only do this once, which also limits the idea of ​​some outlaws using Dou Spirit to break through many times.

"Fight." Xiao Yan swallowed a trace of saliva, and then moved his footsteps gently, directly facing the blood pool.

"Si Si Si!" Just as the front foot touched the water surface, a whiff of white smoke immediately diffused from the surface of the skin above Xiao Yan's ankle.

"It hurts!" Even with Xiao Yan's fearless personality, he couldn't help but let out a slight grin.

Moreover, not only the unusual temperature in this blood pool, but even the white mist that emerged, made Xiao Yan faintly uneasy.

Xiao Yan looked down and saw that his front feet, which had already submerged in the blood pool, had just been stained with some blood, when bursts of white mist emerged.

"It's so terrifying." Xiao Yan couldn't help but temporarily retracted his front feet, and then said with an ugly expression.

"I don't care." With a little mental preparation, Xiao Yan directly ignored the three seven twenty one, and jumped into the blood pool suddenly.

"Ah, ah, ah!" Xiao Yan was also bold, jumped directly into the blood pool, and then completely submerged his head and nose into the blood pool. The purpose of this was naturally to allow the dragon blood to better nourish his body.

After all, the blood pool at this time has been fused with the blood essence of the ground dragon blood crystal. These red liquids are the best materials for tempering and training!

This kind of body forging is tantamount to the exchange of blood on the Dou Qi Continent, and even some body forging techniques are more powerful. In any case, this is also an earth dragon with dragon bloodline, and its strength has reached the level of fighting immortals.

No matter how tough Xiao Yan was, the fiery red blood pool water did not give Xiao Yan any face, it burned Xiao Yan's body hotly, and even a trace of fiery red liquid slowly wrapped around Xiao Yan's skin. The tyrannical impact hit every inch of Xiao Yan's skin, and at the same time, a scream echoed in the blood pool.

"I..." Xiao Yan was submerged in this fiery red blood pool, his head was protected by the power of the soul to prevent it from being corroded by this terrifying dragon blood, and every time he screamed, the water would surface. Several huge blisters appeared, and the blisters also came from the roaring sound.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Come again!" Xiao Yan continued to endure the inhuman torture, but said slowly, because he knew that if he couldn't get past the simplest level, he would be living up to the expectations of the Golden Dragon King.

As time passed, Xiao Yan used the power of his soul to discover that the original Baizhi skin on his surface had turned red, and the corner of his mouth smiled slightly.

It seems that the screams of the past few days are not in vain. After all, this dragon blood has penetrated into Xiao Yan's skin, giving Xiao Yan's skin the tenacity of the dragon's blood, so as to swallow the dragon's blood and even the dragon **** behind him. The nine-transformation practice laid the foundation.

The next moment, Xiao Yan didn't care about anything else, he let out a roar, and the dazzling soul power was directly mobilized.

"Crash!" Following Xiao Yan's actions, the fiery red dragon blood in the tens of meters of blood pools was slowly dispersed by Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power.

"Earth dragon blood crystals are inherently precious. At the beginning, I was afraid that my body would not be able to withstand such a tyrannical dragon blood, so I diluted them with blood pool water."

"Now, it's time to devour all the dragon's blood to soften the skin, and the cultivation of the Dragon God has changed." Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and somewhere in the surrounding fiery red liquid, the concentration instantly became extremely high, and it was faint. Suddenly, the blood pool was divided into one red and one white!

The white water was originally clear and transparent, but the red color was formed by Xiao Yan using the power of his soul to isolate the original water of the blood pool and turned it into the blood of the Earth Dragon blood crystal.

"Come on!" Xiao Yan murmured, and then the huge soul force went directly to the red liquid of the dragon blood crystal.

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as the soul force touched the red liquid, the extremely high concentration of dragon blood was like crazy, and it burst into Xiao Yan's body.

"Gulugulu!" Surrounded by such a tyrannical dragon blood, the Dou Core and Dou Soul in Xiao Yan's body let out an extremely angry roar, as if realizing that Xiao Yan was in danger, and prepared to use his instinct to use his strength to protect Xiao Yan.

"Don't worry... it's just a little bit painful... but it's not difficult for me." Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and said word by word, but the pupils changed when the dragon blood surrounded his body and radiated the power to destroy everything. Full of blood!

"Ah ah ah!" The dragon blood didn't care whether Xiao Yan could bear it or not, it just came to Xiao Yan, and it suddenly turned into a stream of nectar and slowly flowed over Xiao Yan's body.

"Damn!" At this time, Xiao Yan's appearance was quite strange. He was immersed in the clear and transparent blood pool, but around his body, the dragon blood with the highest concentration of ground dragon blood was wrapped tightly!

A terrifying force that was enough to blow Xiao Yan's body up, slowly radiated from the dragon's blood.

"Merge me in!" At this time, Xiao Yan's eyes were red, like a madman, controlling the power of his soul, and ignoring the pain on his body, he directly gave the dragon's blood forcibly. into your own body!

"Weng buzzing!" Seeing Xiao Yan's desperate actions, his body suddenly made a fragile sound, as if it would explode at any time. Although the dragon blood was tyrannical, it was under the power of Xiao Yan's fairyland soul. , also slowly calmed down, and then this seemingly invincible dragon blood was slowly injected into his body by Xiao Yan.

Regardless, the madness and forcible fusion of dragon blood also brought a lot of sequelae to Xiao Yan. However, at this time, Xiao Yan's body was repairing at an extremely slow speed, and he was slowly absorbing and refining. Dragon blood!

And as the arm-sized dragon blood was absorbed by Xiao Yan's body, on Xiao Yan's body, there was actually a flash of golden color that disappeared!

The golden color that flashed away was exactly the same as the golden color on the Golden Dragon King!

It's as if forever and ever, indestructible!

Even Xiao Yan didn't realize that after absorbing the Earth Dragon blood crystal, Xiao Yan's body strength was also skyrocketing at a geometric speed!

So much that there was a trace of something similar to dragon scales on the original Baizhi's skin, but it was just a tender bud, and it was not born. .

five more today

The monthly and recommended tickets are almost 200/2000. The recommendation for monthly tickets on Saturdays, and those for recommended tickets on weekends, everyone, come on!