Chapter Vol 2 707: Level 9 Cultivation Cave!

"I don't know the deputy hall master Xiong Yuan, what is the difference between the first and the ninth level of cultivation?" After thinking for a while with many questions, Xiao Yan decided to ask. Still confused.

"There is indeed a gap between the first to ninth levels of cultivation, but logically speaking, these things cannot be told to others, but if you are a kid, I will break your precepts for you once."

"Listen."

"If you compare this cultivation cave to an ordinary Dou Emperor, the first-level cultivation cave is the most suitable for the cultivation of a one-star Dou Emperor, the second-level is suitable for a two-star Dou Emperor, and so on."

"The emperor's energy in the cultivation cave is countless times stronger than the outside world, but each person can only absorb it once, which makes it precious."

"However, if you want to use the strength of a one-star Dou Di to go to the second-level cultivation cave, it's not a bad idea, but at that time the pressure was much stronger than the average person."

"So I don't mind that you enter the high-level cultivation cave, and you have to do everything according to your ability." Xiong Yuan said.

"And the so-called cultivation cave, to put it more informally, is the concentration of the emperor's qi."

"Cultivation caves are all condensed by the strength of our pavilion master Douxian, and the dazzling emperor energy is condensed together and has great potential." Xiong Yuan continued.

"Is it no problem to enter the sixth-level cultivation cave after passing the six-star Dou Di life calamity?" Mu Feng cast a glance at Xiong Yuan and said slightly.

"Of course there is no problem. Although it may be dangerous, it is not a big problem." Xiong Yuan smiled.

If Mu Feng and Ludi entered the sixth-level cultivation cave, it could be considered to lighten some of the burden for himself. Otherwise, if something happened, Mu Xuzi would not be able to spare him.

"Is there a strength limit?"

"I don't remember saying that all the cultivation caves from the first to the ninth level are open?" Xiao Yan said.

"The first to ninth levels are indeed all open, but in order to reduce the danger..."

"If you insist on entering the highest-level cultivation cave, then the pressure will limit you to practice for a few days. Wouldn't it be a pity to miss such a good opportunity?" Xiong Yuan thought to himself, Xiao Yan, this troublesome boy.

"Then what if I want to enter the ninth-level cultivation cave?" The next moment, Xiao Yan said.

"Ninth-level cultivation cave?" As soon as Xiao Yan's words came out, the people next to him were immediately shocked.

The ninth-level cultivation cave is a place comparable to that of some Fenxiang Pavilion elders to enter. Although it has a strong emperor energy, the pressure it needs to face is also huge. This Xiao Yan actually wanted to rely on the late Six Star Dou Emperor It is too much to enter the strength...

"No." Xiong Yuan refused without thinking.

What I was most afraid of was that Xiao Yan insisted on entering the ninth-level cultivation cave.

"Why not?" Xiao Yan immediately asked in doubt when he heard that Xiong Yuan refused directly.

"The pressure to bear in the ninth-level cultivation cave is too great."

"You can choose to enter the eighth-level cultivation cave. Believe me, the benefits you will get will definitely be unimaginable!" Xiong Yuan said.

"Which level of cultivation cave did Zhu Yuan enter in the Hall of Earth?" Xiao Yan suddenly remembered something and said.

"Eighth grade."

"Zhu Yuan, Lingxuan and Qinxin all entered the eighth level, while the others entered the seventh level." Xiong Yuan responded.

"Eighth grade..."

"Then I'll go to the ninth level." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his eyes suddenly softened.

"What a stubborn boy, do as you like." Seeing that he had no hope of competing, Xiong Yuan immediately stopped talking to Xiao Yan.

"Which level of cultivation cave do you want to enter?" Xiong Yuan set his eyes on Mu Yingying again. At this time, the four of them, but Mu Yingying, had not yet given a clear answer.

"Ninth level." Mu Yingying said in a hurry when she saw Xiong Yuan staring at her.

"Okay!"

"Have courage!" Xiong Yuan didn't stop him when he heard the words. After all, even Mu Xunzi had said some secrets that could not be seen through Mu Yingying.

"Since you've made up your own mind, let's go down." After Xiong Yuan finished speaking, he suddenly waved his hand, and an incomparably huge energy emerged directly.

As soon as the energy emerged, it blew Xiao Yan and the others away, and the next moment Xiao Yan and the others appeared in the Tongtian River!

"Wow!" In the Tongtian River, the giant waves of golden hunger slapped one after another. If Xiao Yan and the others didn't use their fighting qi to protect their bodies, I'm afraid this terrifying giant wave could directly tear them apart!

"Is this the cultivation cave?"

"The Emperor Qi in this Tongtian River is much stronger than the outside world. If you cultivate here, I am afraid that you can improve your first-level strength in just a few months." Xiao Yan thought to himself.

"Separate, pay attention to safety." Xiao Yan said, and suddenly the speed increased sharply, heading towards the top of the Tongtian River!

The ninth-level cultivation cave is undoubtedly the most powerful, but the pressure that needs to be faced should not be underestimated.

The Tongtian River is extremely turbulent, and the incomparably huge water currents are all condensed from the purest emperor energy. Such a huge handwriting, I am afraid that it must be a strong fighting immortal!

Moreover, Xiao Yan found that there was a trace of life and death power in this emperor's qi.

"No wonder the rumors are spreading. It turned out to be a force formed by compressing the power of life and death and the power of the emperor. No wonder it makes my strength aching, and I feel like it has been enhanced by 9." Xiao Yan said to himself.

"Boom boom boom!" The Tongtian River was surging, and the water currents condensed by the emperor's qi kept rolling. The momentum was much stronger than the real river. Xiao Yan also nodded secretly, facing the pressure of extremely scars. , towards the top of the Tongtian River.

At this time, in the pavilion, in addition to Xiong Yuan, two other old men appeared here at the same time.

"Old Zhu, you really miss your precious apprentice." Xiong Yuan said slightly.

"How about that?"

"This kid is the first kid I have met who has a talent for spiritual power since the establishment of the Fenxiang Pavilion This kid will inherit my mantle in the future, you two guys, don't be mean. " Zhu Lao smiled slightly.

"Hehe, this kind of seedling will naturally not compete with Zhu Lao, but I am also a little curious, the flame in this boy seems to be very unusual..." Qing Lao also appeared here and said.

"His flame is the holy flame, the one in the desert mountain range." Zhu Lao heard the words and said neither plainly nor lightly.

"What?" As soon as these words came out, both Xiong Yuan and Qing Lao's eyes became dull!

Holy flame, this is the most powerful fire attribute, no one!

Even if Xiao Yan's strength is not enough now, and he cannot exert the true power of the holy flame, he can still defeat the vast majority of people with the power of the holy flame!

"And this kid's soul power should also be an alchemist who has stepped into the second-rank emperor rank, let alone my spiritual power." After Zhu Lao finished speaking, he suddenly laughed.

"Damn, what a freak." Xiong Yuan scolded secretly when he heard the words.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

If it was said that the powerful six-star Dou Di could not impress them in the late stage, then the word "Sacred Yan" was enough to make them look at Xiao Yan with admiration, not to mention a second-rank emperor alchemist.

The alchemist of the second rank of the emperor may also be regarded as a guest in the entire Burning Incense Pavilion.

"It seems that this Xiao Yan is a bit incredible." The old man suddenly had a surprised look at Xiao Yan.

Ask for tickets!