Chapter Vol 4 1558: Hongmen Banquet!

"Hey, two adults, this is your residence."

"I will send servants to deliver the daily necessities. If the two adults have any needs, you can tell the old man." Elder Huoyun brought Xiao Yan and the two to a beautiful attic and said immediately.

In front of the two, there is a courtyard attic, a small lake and a quite quiet attic, which complement each other, and being able to live in such a place is enough to see the respect of Wanhuozong for the two.

"Thank you, Elder Huoyun..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan looked around a little and found that there were no hidden auras or traps in this courtyard, so he said with peace of mind.

"By the way, the two adults, the sect master plans to convene the strong men in the sect to hold a banquet at the competition platform tomorrow at noon. Welcome the two adults to join in. It can be regarded as a wind and dust for the two adults." Before leaving, Huoyun did not forget to say.

"Tell the Sect Master for me, the two of us will be there on time tomorrow." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"In this case, the journey is exhausting, so the old man will not disturb the rest of the two adults." After Huoyun finished speaking, he left here immediately.

"Big brother, tomorrow will probably be a feast for the Hongmen." Seeing the elder Huoyun leaving, Xiao Gui also secretly said.

"The strength of this elder Huoyun should have vaguely reached the peak of the four-star Dou Xian early stage. Even me, it is quite difficult to face him."

"However, this guy seems to have received the favor of the old ghost of the earth spirit before, so he respects the old man very much. Our current situation is probably because of this guy's favor to him in order to repay the old man. Look, our situation will be even worse." Xiao Yan shook his head.

"Brother, what will happen tomorrow?" Xiao Gui also asked worriedly. After all, in this Ten Thousand Fire Sect, there are only a few four-star fighting immortals. If they really meet at that time, I am afraid they will not be in a hurry. , after all, the two of them are weak, and this is the home field of others.

"there is always a solution to a problem."

"I can feel that there are only three of the five four-star Dou Immortals in the Ten Thousand Fire Sect, but now it seems that only three are in the sect... So among these three, only one middle-stage four-star Dou Xian is a little unqualified."

"Rest in peace."

"Take a good look at these old guys tomorrow, and then prepare to manage the Ten Thousand Fire Sect."

"Hurry up and increase the strength of this sect. After all, there are too many tyrannical sects in the Central Territory, and the Acacia tree is probably only a few months away, so hurry up." Xiao Yan muttered to himself.

"If that's the case, then take a good rest today. Just before I left, Meng Lan gave me a lot of management books. It's time to put it to use." Xiao Gui smiled.

"Is your wound okay?" Xiao Yan asked.

"It's okay, I'll hold it down for the time being. When the sect settles down, I'll go back and find Menglan to expel me." Xiao Gui grinned, obviously every time he thought of Luo Menglan, he was quite happy.

"Luo Menglan is a real girl, because she is a member of the headmaster's family, and she cultivates directly in the Spiritual Academy." Xiao Yan also said helplessly.

As soon as the voice fell, the two entered the house in the courtyard to rest.

"Teacher, the cultivation method of this Spiritual Academy is really strange." Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask immediately after entering the house.

"This method is very good, I will try it when I go back." The Lord of Soul Eater also appeared and said.

"Master, do you have any management tips?" After a while, Xiao Yan also asked with fiery eyes. Obviously, the person in front of him is the top person who controls the entire Li Soul Realm. What management methods do he need? That's not light. Easy and loose.

"Hey, are you thinking of being a teacher now?"

"But it's superfluous to say that you don't understand it for a while, the only thing is to win people's hearts first."

"Gathering people's hearts, gathering people's hearts, and a force can only condense and linger, and how to collect and gather people's hearts, I can't help you." The Lord of Soul Eater pretended to be esoteric.

"En." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded slowly, as if he understood.

"By the way, the current location of the Acacia tree is not far from the Central Territory."

"And I can vaguely feel that there seems to be a close connection between the Acacia tree and Acacia Broken Enteritis." After a short while, the pupils of the Soul Eater became deep, looking at the distant road through the endless void.

"Although the ranking of holy flames like Acacia Brokenheartitis is not high, it is too rare. There are very few records in the entire Great Thousand World. It seems that we can only deal with the affairs of the sect and adapt to the situation." Xiao Yan heard this and his fists clenched tightly. Hold, this lovesickness is the top priority of this trip to the ghost world.

After a night of silence, it was the next day.

On the second day, when the rising sun appeared and all things recovered, the Myriad Fire Sect became lively.

Wanhuozong mansion, competition platform.

At this time, it was noon, and the sun was shining brightly. On the huge competition platform, strong men with strong aura emerged here. On the edge of the competition platform, a feast of big fish, meat, wine and food was set up.

"Sect Master, it's already a quarter of noon, why haven't those two stinky boys come yet? Could it be that they were frightened by the gathering of the strong sect masters on the martial arts platform?" A big man in the seat glanced at him. Circle, but found that the two positions at the end of the banquet were still vacant, and said immediately.

"Hahaha."

"Spiritual courtyard boy, it's just that." Following the big man's exit, dozens of senior sect leaders who were present immediately burst into laughter.

"Elder, now we have given enough face to these two guys, you can't protect them anymore today."

"If the two of them don't come, then the disciples of the Spiritual Academy will only have a false name."

"If they come, the strong people here will definitely let them know that if they want to intervene in the management of our Myriad Fire Sect, if they don't have any strength, it is absolutely impossible Brothers, you say yes Isn't it?" After a while, there was a burst of laughter from the seat.

"Hey...don't do it too much. After all, these two guys are also named by the old ghost of the earth spirit." The elder Huoyun slowly shook his head at the first place of the banquet. Obviously, even he was shocked by the immortal. There are so many strong men in Wan Huo Zong who are so rebellious.

"I don't know why the Old Ghost Headmaster of the Earth Spirit personally named the two trash. It's really unbelievable." As Huoyun's voice fell, the other powerhouses murmured in their hearts, obviously they did not understand why Xiao Yan and the two of them were extremely incomprehensible. will be seen by it.

"Hey, here we come, it really is only a late Samsung Dou Xian and a complete powerhouse." After a while, the figures of Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui slowly walked from afar, but behind the Xiao Gui, there was a basket covered with black cloth. , appears slowly.

"Elders, are we... not too late?" Looking at the dozens of elders and strong men in the competition stage, Xiao Yan just came to them, and immediately opened his mouth to where Sect Master Huoyi was.

"This kid is so fearless, you won't know how you died." Following Xiao Yan's words, the other elders also had murderous intentions hidden in their hearts.