Chapter Vol 4 1367: 3 punches to hunt evil!

"Finally can't hold back anymore..." Xiao Yan smiled slowly when he noticed the evil power that suddenly surged up from Phantom Eyes.

He displayed the Holy Flame Formation by himself, in order to force Huan Tong to use all means to fight him.

"Xiao Yan..."

"You are the first Holy Flame controller that this seat recognizes, so..."

"Next, this gift is due to your status as the master of the holy flame. I gave it to you, hahaha!" A shocking sound of strange fluctuations continued to emanate from under the phantom pupil green robe.

"Weng buzzing!" The type of holy flame crystal in Xiao Yan's hand kept squirming as if he had noticed something.

Since she came to the ghost world, Mu Yingying's holy flame power and holy flame crystals have transformed into her own holy flame heart. In addition to the special nature of ghost face and soul flame, it cannot be easily exposed, so she has always used Fire Heart Tianyan alone. the power of.

"Boom boom boom!" The strange feeling in Xiao Yan's heart just fell, and suddenly a green aura of thousands of meters rose into the sky from the body of the illusion, that mighty momentum turned out to make Xiao Yan's purgatory formation space extremely The unease shook, and the green evil aura caused gusts of wind to continuously appear in the sky, causing the entire sky to be filled with an evil aura.

"Xiao Yan, you can't lose..." Seeing Huan Tong's unreserved shot, Liu Qing's pretty face changed, her hand just clenched, and a hint of coldness appeared in her heart. Although she knew Xiao Yan's tyranny these days, she wanted to Using his power to deal with the illusion pupil is obviously too dangerous.

"Huh!" Huan Tong was no longer talking nonsense with Xiao Yan, and a thousand-meter green light descended directly from the sky, like a huge spear covered in blood, easily breaking through the barrier of the formation space and blasting away at Xiao Yan.

"Humph." Xiao Yan's expression was also heavy, but facing such a powerful blow from Illusory Eye, he was not afraid at all. The dazzling khaki-yellow holy flame crystal appeared in his hand, and then the dazzling holy flame tightly wrapped his body. stand up.

"Bang bang bang!" The dazzling green spear hit Xiao Yan's holy flames heavily, and waves of green evil auras sputtered everywhere, and the terrifying power formed in the sky one after another containing the power of destruction The small hurricane, these powers, will undoubtedly easily obliterate any two-star Douxian perfect powerhouse!

"Susu!" A sneer came out abruptly from under the phantom pupil green robe. This guy has been covering his true identity with the green robe, so no one knows what his body is.

The seemingly random green spear just now actually contains the extremely dazzling evil power of the phantom pupil. If that power is contaminated by ordinary power, it will quickly die out.

"You have been doing evil in my Great Thousand World for many years. Today, it is time to repay." The next moment, Xiao Yan's figure in the purgatory formation, strangely lifted into the sky, at the same time, the holy flame power in the purgatory formation and The fire attribute grudges were all centered on Xiao Yan, and suddenly gathered towards Xiao Yan's fist.

"Humph."

"The strength is not strong, but the tone is not small."

"When this seat kills you, these ants, including the holy flame in your body, will be completely reduced to prisoners." Huan Tong stared at Xiao Yan with a gloomy expression. The holy fluctuations of the strange power slowly wriggled.

"Evil eyes... phantom!"

"Illusory pupil!" A strange roar that shook people's hearts slowly came out of Phantom pupil's body, and then Phantom pupil laughed, blood surged in the green pupil, and then his mouth suddenly opened, and a green evil air mass, It was directly spewed out, and in the blink of an eye, it filled the entire sky, vaguely comparing the imposing manner of the purgatory formation.

"What kind of power is this..."

"Are we... are we going to die..." Perceiving the emergence of the green river of blood in the sky, a shocking wave of evil waves slowly filled everyone's heart.

"Weng Om!" In the green blood river, rolling constantly, a vaguely violent aura emerged like a beast. The next moment, in the center of the green blood river, a pair of green pupils loomed!

These green pupils are lingering with green auras all over the body. Above the green auras, there is an evil fluctuation that obliterates all things.

The green pupils just appeared, and they opened slowly. At that time, an evil wave like the awakening of a sleeping demon slowly spread throughout the sky.

The next moment, Xiao Yan's figure appeared in the green pupils, and at the same time, Xiao Yan's calm face finally showed a trace of moving.

"not good!"

"Xiao Yan, retreat!" It seems that he sensed something. In the green river of blood, his pupils locked Xiao Yan, and after Xiao Yan's appearance appeared, Xiao Yan's figure suddenly shot at the river of blood uncontrollably. go.

From the secluded and fantasy clan, the strength of the phantom pupil is naturally the pupil technique, and this phantom pupil technique has been used on Yun Qi before, but Yunqi is not there, so Xiao Yan also said it.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan's figure shot out at Xuehe's pupils in an instant, but the hearts of many contestants below sank. Today's Xiao Yan, but the hope of all of them, if Xiao Yan loses Well, I'm afraid they too...

"Huhu." Xiao Yan didn't seem to be surprised by this attack from the phantom pupil, and even a rare smile appeared on the corner of his mouth, and then his body couldn't help but burst out at the green pupil for a special reason, he took a deep breath. With a sigh, his hands quickly drew some extremely strange handprints in the void. At the same time, the khaki-yellow holy flame crystal also radiated all its power, pushing the khaki-yellow holy flame on Xiao Yan's body to the extreme. !

"Hey... I lost." Looking at Xiao Yan in the sky, who was constantly swept away by the green pupils, even when he was close to the green pupils, the look of Xiao Yan's pupils quickly disappeared. generally controlled.

"Hahaha!"

"The master of the holy flame is nothing more than that!" Seeing Xiao Yan's weakened consciousness, the phantom pupil smiled slowly. The smile was full of madness, stronger than the master of the holy flame It is also lost in his own hands.

"Three punches of good fortune."

"Hunting evil..."

"Bring the brilliance of the holy flame, let it fully bloom." And the next moment, just when the phantom pupil was proud, an ancient voice suddenly came out of Xiao Yan's mouth, and Xiao Yan's gray-white pupil also returned to a deep color !

"How can it be!"

"No!" The next moment, aware of the sudden change, the phantom pupil just moved, and suddenly Xiao Yan's punch, which seemed to have no fluctuations in power, without any obstruction, gently hit the green pupil. superior.

"Boom!" Although the green pupils had the tyrannical power to control people's hearts, they trembled abruptly in the face of Xiao Yan's tyrannical attack at this time, and was immediately hit by Xiao Yan's flaming fist.

In an instant, the space was shattered, the river of blood was completely shattered, and even the green evil pupils exploded under Xiao Yan's punch!

. m.