Chapter Vol 4 1598: Stare at Saint Flame Eyes!

"This guy... what do you want to do?" Seeing this, Ling Yu's dark eyes became very vigilant, obviously thinking that Xiao Yan wanted to use the half-colored fire lotus of destruction again.

"The Buddha's Fury Fire Lotus should not be able to be used... Although I just merged a holy flame and a great heavenly seed, but with Lingyu's vigilance, he should not give me a chance..."

"So now, we can only try that method." Xiao Yan gritted his teeth, his eyes fixed on Ling Yu in front of him, and the steady stream of soul power immediately emerged from the spiritual palace in his body. Xiao Yan won't be allowed to do this, so you chasers, the scene is quite chaotic.

In the other place, the dim light group and the black light group kept moving, but as time went by, it was obviously the dim light group that fell into the disadvantage.

"Susu..."

"This old immortal guy has such a strange power. No matter how tyrannical my power is, it will be swallowed up in an instant. I am afraid that this strange power is only possessed by a few people in the entire world. Is this guy? Is that the almighty?" The Demon Emperor Siye in the dim light group fled the runway while dodging the attack of the Soul Eater. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

Each of the eight sinners has extremely terrifying power, and even has the power of the origin of the king of the evil tribe outside the territory, but this power of origin can only exert one-third of its own strength at best, so It is impossible to use one-third of the Demon Emperor Siye's power to deal with the now seriously injured Soul Eater Lord. After all, even if the Soul Eater Lord was seriously injured, his strength during his lifetime had reached the point of penetrating the profound.

"Master of Soul Eater?" Suddenly, a surprised look filled the dim light, and he said.

"Is it still discovered..."

"The Chain of Devouring!" The Soul Eater in the black light group heard the words, muttered to himself, and immediately gave an order, the weak black swallowing power all over his body turned into an arm-sized black devil in the blink of an eye. Chains are suspended around the light mass.

The black magic chain is about the size of an arm, but its whole body is filled with a strong force of devouring, and even on the force of devouring, countless complex and ancient runes quietly permeate. With the appearance of this action, this piece of In the realm of darkness, there was an extremely disturbing fluctuation.

"It's actually the Lord of Devouring!"

"Bastard!" Looking at this scene, the Seventh Sin Division, the Demon Emperor Siye couldn't help but let out a loud cry, and a dazzling light emerged from his body, directly protecting himself.

"Go." After the rest, the black magic chain that was quietly suspended outside the black light group of the Soul Eater swayed gently, and then it returned slowly like a fallen leaf.

"Boom!" It seemed like a bland attack, but all the space it passed along the way collapsed, and even when it was close to Demon Emperor Siye's body, countless small vortexes suddenly filled out. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

At this moment, the sky and the earth turned pale, and even the space that enveloped the realm of darkness became unstable and would explode at any time.

"what……"

"What is this fluctuation?" In addition, deep in the distant Earth Spirit Court.

This is a quite beautiful space. The space is located in a bamboo forest. The hut in the forest and the flow of the stream are quite pleasant.

"You've been restless today, what's the matter?" Outside the door of the hut in the woods, in a pavilion, a middle-aged woman came slowly with tea, and immediately asked the man in front of her with kind eyes. .

"There is a disciple with holy flame in our spiritual courtyard..." The man smiled at him, and then he talked about it.

"In that case, the day when our Spiritual Academy will become stronger is just around the corner." The woman was quite happy when she heard the words, and smiled sweetly.

"It's just that the fluctuations that broke out in the battle center today are a little wrong." After a while, the handsome man opened his mouth.

"That wave doesn't look like the wave in our Great Thousand World... I'll go out and take good care of my home." As soon as he finished speaking, the handsome man's body trembled and disappeared easily, but the wave that appeared all over his body was more than Ordinary six-star fighting immortals and even seven-star fighting immortals are more powerful, and since this is the most mysterious place in the spiritual courtyard, the identities of these two are self-evident.

"It's the trouble caused by the acacia tree and the vassal forces of Ling Yu." The woman shook her head slightly when she heard the words, so the place returned to calm.

in the realm of darkness.

"Xiao...Xiao Gui, wait for me." Just as the battle between the two sides was slowly progressing, a figure slowly bypassed the four of them and stretched out towards the already unrecognizable Qingshan Peak to imprison Xiao Gui. out of the water prison.

This Qianying was enveloped by a strange gray light, and with this gray light, the power of darkness in this dark world, and even those evil auras, were repelled and purified by it.

This person is Luo Menglan. When the realm of darkness was completely formed, she barely squeezed in here. At this time, there were only these four people in Qingshan Peak. All the other Qingyun Pavilion disciples fell to Xiao Yan's half-colored Buddha's anger and fire lotus. During the tense battle between the four of them, Luo Menglan was naturally not found.

"What a surging soul power." Seeing this, Ling Yu couldn't help taking a breath. Obviously, the soul power that Xiao Yan had gathered at this time was enough to endanger himself.

"It goes on like this... there's no other way." After Shunxi, Duo glanced at the two who were fighting in the high sky, Ling Yu found that the tyrannical Demon Emperor Siye was at a disadvantage~www.mtlnovel. com~ This made Ling Yu have to pay attention.

"Crash!" After a period of deliberation, Xiao Yan's whole body has been wrapped in countless soul powers, and these soul powers are enough to easily obliterate the powerhouses in the middle stage of Four Star Fighting Immortals.

"The time for swallowing flames is almost here, this time, let's fight it out." The next moment, Xiao Yan made a decision in his heart, his pupils slowly closed, the already depleted Spirit Palace in his body and the two in Xiao Yan's Dou Qi Sea Sheng Yanjing became surging, and unspeakable terrifying forces came quietly!

"Xiao Yan, the last blow!" Ling Yu looked at Xiao Yan's actions, and immediately shouted, the dazzling flame power in his body also permeated, but the flame showed a dim light color, obviously not only in the flame Only the power of the Fire Element Great Heavenly Seed was added, and even the evil power of the evil race from outside the territory was added!

"The Eye of Gaze is a fighting technique aimed at the interference of the soul... I have also experimented before, adding the power of Huoxin Tianyan is enough to achieve the double damage of the power of the soul and the body..."

"This time, with the soul interference fighting skills and the two holy flames, I hope you won't let me down." Xiao Yan murmured slightly, and the soul power that was urging all over his body was suddenly compressed by Xiao Yan.

After a while, two pure pupils slowly floated above Xiao Yan's head, and the pupils were filled with extremely tyrannical soul power.

"Soul attack..."

"Xiao Yan... it's over!"

"Sanyuan Town Demon Pillar!" A wild laughter burst forth, and immediately around Ling Yu's body, three dimly-colored beams of light with a size of 100 meters permeated suddenly.

The three magic town pillars just appeared, and suddenly this space was filled with extremely uneasy fluctuations, as if it would be shattered by Ling Yu's attack at any time!

The attack displayed by the four-star Douxian Perfection level powerhouse is so terrifying!