Chapter Vol 2 775: chance encounter

The ruins are located in the wilderness.

The wild land is located in the easternmost part of Xuantiantian. The land here is turbulent, mostly high mountains and sparsely populated, and some powerful monsters also live here.

In the wild land, there are two sects, one is called the Poison Sect, and the other is the Wan Po Sect.

Although all the Poison Sects are women and they practice Poison Dou Qi, after all, their xinxing is not bad, but ordinary people often feel that they are cultivating Poison Dou Qi, and they have the illusion that they are too threatening. , did not do anything outrageous.

But the Wandu Gate is different.

Wandumen not only cultivates poison fighting qi, but also likes to do things that are different from ordinary people.

It's like transferring the fingers and bodies of some talented people to myself.

Therefore, the reputation of the Wandu Sect was extremely stinky throughout the entire Xuan Santian.

But this time, the site of the ruins is not far from the Wandumen headquarters.

"Poison old monster, I haven't bothered with you about the last time. What do you want to do this time?" It was a woman who spoke. The woman's voice was rather strange, and her hands actually gave off a faint sigh of relief. Evil breath.

"Humph!"

"Miss Poison, don't think I don't know what the **** is going on in your heart." The poisonous old monster questioned.

These two are impressively powerful in the Myriad Poison Sect. One is an old poisonous monster whose strength has reached the late stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor.

"What the **** am I trying to do?" The woman, who looked a little weird without her hands, stared at the old monster and asked.

"Humph!"

"The old man is too lazy to reason with you."

"But Madam Poison, you have to remember it for me, it's not you who has the final say in the Ten Thousand Poison Sect." The poison old monster left a sentence and disappeared immediately.

"This old poisonous monster is getting more and more lawless." Seeing that the old poisonous monster left, Mrs. Poison muttered a few words at the sight of Wei Wei's leaving figure.

But in the next moment, the missing hands of the poisonous lady suddenly appeared in her body in a burst of black smoke.

"The evil scorpion's claws are really easy to use."

"I want to use this thing to deal with the Nine-Star Dou Emperor of Yizhuan."

"Wang Xie has already rushed to the ruins. Whatever you say this time, I will also get the fighting spirit."

"Wang Xie, for the master's plan, I can only sacrifice you this time."

"Hahaha!" After the poisonous lady finished speaking, she laughed strangely, but her hands were like monsters, and there was a fierce murderous aura invisibly!

After speaking, the Ten Thousand Poison Sect became quiet, and in the distance, a man with some monster scales on his body actually sneezed.

"Strange, who is scolding me?" The man was Wang Xie.

The most outstanding person in the Wandu Sect today.

Don't look at Wang Xie, although he has some monster scales on his body, but his strength can reach the level of the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, and this strength is probably an extremely outstanding existence in the entire Xuan Santian.

"Forget it, it doesn't matter."

"The place where the ruins opened this time is in our wild land, and nothing can be said to take away that great fortune for others."

"And if it is possible, I must bring it back to the master. The master seems to like the things in the ruins this time." Wang Xie shook his head to himself, and then walked towards the ruins.

Xiao Yan and his party left the Burning Incense Pavilion and went to the wild land. They passed by the Xuanling royal family on the way. Xiao Yan also used his soul power to probe the depths of the underground palace, but the result for Xiao Yan was nothing. Xiao Yan was a little curious.

Why did the Xuanling royal family imprison Sheng Yan?

Will they not absorb it?

Why imprisoned?

The attractiveness of the holy flame is probably enough to rank first among any fighting skills.

"Could it be that there is something going on in the Xuanling royal family?" The next moment, Xiao Yan thought again.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After a short thought, Xiao Yan didn't even think about it, and went straight to the destination.

"Is this a wasteland?"

"It's really desolate..." Just after leaving the Xuanling royal family and entering the wild land, Mu Yingying was the first to feel a rather desolate aura. This aura just entered the body, and Mu Yingying felt a burst of energy. discomfort.

Not only Mu Yingying, but also a few people in the group, except Xiu Qi and Xiao Yan, the others all appeared in the same state.

"This is the land of wild desolation, everyone be careful, these wild spirits are harmful to the body, please don't inhale..." As the elder sister of Wanhua Pavilion, Xiu Qi immediately took the lead.

"Bastard!" Xiu Qi had just finished speaking, when he saw that several people behind him had been attacked, not only his expression changed.

My own mistakes, the inhalation of this reckless spirit, will affect future cultivation.

"Here, eat one for each person." Just when Xiu Qi was in a bit of a difficult time, Xiao Yan didn't speak, and then took out a few crystal clear medicinal pills from his arms, and then distributed them to the crowd.

"En." When the other people saw this, they all became rude. After all, they all knew that although this reckless aura would happen for a while, but if it did happen, it would be extremely troublesome.

"Sure enough, it's a magic elixir. After eating it, I feel much better." Mu Feng just finished eating and immediately laughed.

"Don't let your guard down."

"The barren land is called abandoned soil, so everyone should not let their guard down."

"Wrap each with a grudge to prevent accidents." Xiu Qi said solemnly.

"Okay!" After hearing the words, the others followed suit.

After all, although Xiu Qi is powerful, she doesn't have the slightest bit of pretence, so several people agree with her command.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan saw that several people had recovered slightly, and then said.

They are the entrance to the wasteland, and there is obviously still some time before the ruins I really underestimate you. "The next moment, Xiu Qi said something to Xiao Yan in a voice that she could only hear.

"Each each other." Xiao Yan suddenly smiled when he heard the words, although he had heard that the aura of reckless desolation was extraordinary, but don't forget Xiao Yan's identity as a pharmacist.

"This little brother, wait." Just as Xiao Yan and his party were about to leave, a magnetic voice slowly sounded in the sky.

"Have an enemy?" Qinxin's strength is not bad, so naturally she noticed some voices and looked at it immediately.

"Don't, don't, I'm just here to ask for some medicine." The figure on the ground hurriedly explained the strange gaze of several people in the sky.

"It's so uncomfortable..." As soon as the man on the ground finished speaking, the beautiful woman in his arms suddenly let out a weak voice.

"It's okay, it's okay, I found medicine for you." The man said to the woman in his arms with love.

"Two seven-star fighting emperor level powerhouses." Xiao Yan murmured, but was shocked by the two guys on the ground.

The two guys on the ground, a man and a woman, must look like a couple or husband and wife, and what makes Xiao Yan the most strange is that both of them are carrying a pair of swords, and Xiao Yan can even rely on his soul. The power felt a wave of extreme terror from above.

"This is……"

"People from Wanjianmen?" Xiu Qi stayed in the sky, and then said slightly.

There are three more at one o'clock in the evening