Chapter Vol 4 954: The fight between 2 fighting immortals

"Bastard!" Xiao Mu scolded while running away, but he was overjoyed.

Just seeing Xiao Yan's first glance, Xiao Mu felt the breath of the Golden Dragon King from Xiao Yan's body. Although he did not know why the Golden Dragon King was living in someone else's body, Xiao Mu knew that the Golden Dragon King was here!

How strong is the Golden Dragon King?

Even Xiao Mu doesn't know about this, but the only thing Xiao Mu knows is that the Golden Dragon King at his peak was invincible in a fierce battle with a fighting **** in their Xiao clan!

"I have to delay for a while. The Golden Dragon King probably hasn't regained his strength yet. He must be sure to kill with one blow, otherwise he will be fled by the wind shock. I'm afraid things will be more troublesome!" Xiao Mu made up his mind and immediately stopped running away. .

"Run?"

"Xiao Mu, you're finally tired after running for so long?" The eagle-faced man stared at Xiao Mu with a smile on his face and said.

The hawk-faced man is the human world law enforcer Feng Zhen, who is in charge of chasing down Xiao Mu, the strength in the early stage of Samsung Dou Xian!

"Your lackey in the human world is really like a headless fly." Xiao Mu said with a calm expression.

"Humph."

"Whatever you say."

"Follow me back to the human world to end the sanctions?" Feng Zhen said lightly.

"Do you think it's possible?"

"The dirty things you do in the human world are really disgusting." Xiao Mu said disdainfully.

"Since ancient times, winners and losers have been defeated, and the losers are not qualified to comment on these things." Feng Zhen was disapproving of Xiao Mu's words.

"Just a bunch of hypocrites."

"Sooner or later, the center of your human world will be completely overthrown." Xiao Mu said coldly.

"So, you don't plan to go back with me?" Feng Zhen still couldn't help asking.

"I know what to ask, look at the trick!" Xiao Mu said, and after speaking, he slapped his palm against Feng Zhen, and a burst of red dazzling energy suddenly popped out of his palm.

"The world master has an order, if you don't go back to you..."

"Then apologize with death!"

"It happened to be suppressed by your Xiao clan at the beginning, and the anger in my heart is nowhere to be released." After Feng Zhen finished speaking, the corner of his mouth burst into a smile. The smile turned into a gloomy aura because it was too weird.

"Wild Fengyao!" As soon as Feng Zhen's voice fell, a dazzling giant storm formed directly on his body.

"Xiao Mu, when you Xiao family trampled our Feng family underfoot, after so many years, I can finally take revenge!"

"Go to hell!" Feng Zhen's hideous face also had a hint of madness, and then the dazzling silver storm directly hit Xiao Mu!

"Feng Family?"

"A small force that is not in the mainstream, but also delusionally compares with our Xiao clan?"

"The glory of the Xiao clan, how can someone like you be able to figure it out at will!"

"Huoqi kill!" After Xiao Mu finished speaking, the dazzling flame energy suddenly turned into a huge unicorn beast, and then jumped directly into the storm!

"Boom!" The terrifying hurricane is mixed with the power to destroy everything, but it is strange that although the destructive power of the hurricane is extremely terrifying, after Xiao Mu's flaming beast leaps forward, the aura actually weakens rapidly!

"Break me!" A cold snort came out of Xiao Mu's mouth, and then the silver hurricane in front of the two of them slowly dissipated at a speed visible to the naked eye!

"Xiao Mu, don't be too happy!" Feng Zhen seemed to have expected Xiao Mu's tyranny, and then he didn't pay too much attention to his hurricane, but just after the hurricane was destroyed, the palm of his hand flickered lightly. The power of the silver wind also flashed a mass of silver power under the feet, increasing its speed to a terrifying level!

"The attack just now is just to consume your fighting spirit!"

"I am a three-star Dou Xian now, and you have the strength of a two-star Dou Xian, and the power of Dou Xian is still severely depleted. How can you fight me?" Feng Zhen said, and then he directly attacked Xiao Mu!

Every joint of hands, feet, fists, and fists became Feng Zhen's strongest attacking means. With his speed and the power of fighting immortals, he was vaguely overwhelming.

"Damn, it won't last long like this."

"Golden Dragon King, I still have to rely on you." Xiao Mu struggled to support, in order not to be directly defeated by Feng Zhen, he could only say secretly.

Xiao Mu's peak strength may be four-star Dou Xian or even stronger, but Sheng Yan's voluntary deprivation was placed in Xuan Santian to suppress foreign evil races, and in addition, the human world realm master planted suppression in their bodies The power of blood and the mysterious thing of strength, so Xiao Mu's strength at this time is only about the level of the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian, so it is naturally extremely difficult to deal with the wind shock of the three-star Dou Xian.

"Uncle Shi, that senior seems to be a little out of the question." Xiao Yan and Xiao Xuan were directly put aside by the hawk-faced man Feng Zhen.

"I know."

"Xiao Mu's strength should be too strong to be suppressed, so he is not this guy's opponent."

"Otherwise, Xiao Mu would be able to defeat such a three-star fighting immortal within three rounds." Uncle Golden Dragon King nodded and said.

"What should we do next?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Watch it change."

"If you don't make a move, it's done. Once you make a move, this law enforcer will die!" The Golden Dragon King said word by word, but the shocking killing intent in his voice was no longer hidden.

"Little Yanzi, next, you will give me the control of your body." After a while, the Golden Dragon King said something.

"Yes." Xiao Yan naturally knew that in these battles at this level, he would definitely have nothing to do with him. Immediately, his soul power was withdrawn, and he handed over the control of his body to his uncle, the Golden Dragon King!

At the same time, Xiao Xuan on the side of suddenly discovered that in front of Xiao Yan, a powerful force that ordinary people could not see through was slowly recovering. That feeling was not as deep as the abyss of radiation protection. Bottom out!

"This guy is very good on the Dou Qi Continent. Coming here, I am afraid that we still need him to solve these secrets of our Xiao family." Xiao Xuan finished speaking, not in a deep voice, directly watching the battle in the sky .

"The two-star fighting immortal is complete..."

"This is a bit tricky..." After a while, the Golden Dragon King, who was controlling Xiao Yan's body, muttered to himself.

Now, his strength may reach the level of a three-star fighting fairy, but living in Xiao Yan's body, even if he controls his body, his strength will directly explode to the level of a two-star fighting fairy. Xiao Yan's physical quality is indeed comparable to that of the Golden Dragon King The bodies are fundamentally different.

"Forget it, I can't be too reluctant. The limit energy of this kid's body is the perfection of the two-star Dou Xian. If it increases, I am afraid it will affect him."

"These levels of bodies, in the human world, can already be regarded as true fitness geniuses, but for our dragon race, they are still not enough."

"Remember to seize the time to practice the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God later, it can increase the tyranny of your body." The Golden Dragon King Carved Seal said to Xiao Yan.

As soon as the words fell, the Golden Dragon King and Xiao Yan both fell silent, staring at the battle between Xiao Mu and Feng Zhen.

I'm coding the third update

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм