Chapter Vol 4 1115: Yinyuetan goes to the Ghost Moon Well!

"Xiao Yan, are you alright?" Seeing Yu Quan retreating, Qing'er couldn't help but quickly came to Xiao Yan's side and asked aloud, her eyes full of concern.

"It's fine." Seeing this, Xiao Yan shook his hand to indicate that there was nothing serious, and said with a smile.

If Yu Quan didn't leave just now, there would probably be a fierce battle, but Xiao Yan still underestimated the tyranny of Dou Xian's power.

If you compare the power of life and death as one, then the power of fighting immortals is two, and the power of fighting immortals is indeed more than twice as tyrannical as the power of life and death.

"Haha, Brother Xiao Yan is really amazing." Not long after, Qing Wen also walked over and smiled at Xiao Yan.

"It's good luck." Xiao Yan said, but he was thinking about how to deal with Yu Quan. Obviously, he had just played against Yu Quan for the first time, and Xiao Yan knew that this guy didn't use all his strength.

And this guy's strength is probably not only in the early stage of One Star Dou Xian. If he uses his strength, I am afraid that it will be an extremely powerful resistance to himself at the peak of Dou Di.

"Who was that guy just now?" Xiao Yan asked.

"The Yu family is in charge of affairs, and his status is not low. He is someone that the old man of the Yu family trusts." Qing Wen said slowly.

"A manager with a high status... I hope you don't encounter it in the Ghost Moon Well, otherwise it's time..." Xiao Yan said softly, although this Yuquan's power of fighting immortals is indeed tyrannical, but his own blue-yellow double flames The power of the two is probably not comparable to the power of fighting immortals, but the strength of the two is somewhat disparate, which makes the gap seem quite small, and the difference in strength is the most troublesome for Xiao Yan.

"But it's a little strange. Recently, the Ghost King City has been busy preparing for the auction. For the safety of the auction items, almost all the powerhouses of the family have been secretly watched, and they can't leave the Ghost King City for half a step, but how can this guy return Can come in and out freely..." Qing'er said aloud from the side.

"Pack up and let's go."

"Since their Yu family is here, take the two subordinates of their Yu family away, maybe it will be useful later." Qing Wen looked at the sky and said slowly.

"Let's go." After a few minutes of touching, everyone was ready to go directly to the depths.

"I only know that there is a Ghost Moon Well in this Ghost King Ridge, but I don't know where it is?" Just as the group of five people was surging, Xiao Yan suddenly asked.

"Hehe, Brother Xiao Yan doesn't know anything about it."

"Ghost King Ridge is just a general term for this mountain range."

"But the terrain of this mountain range is intricate and huge, so there are many treasures in the mountain range."

"Among them, the Ghost Moon Well is located under a place called Yinyue Tanbao."

"Yingyuetan goes to the Ghost Moon Well." Qingwen smiled.

"Yingyuetan?" Xiao Yan muttered, obviously this was the first time he came here.

"Yingyuetan is quite strange. There is poisonous miasma everywhere. If you are a little careless, I am afraid that all the powerful Jiuxing Doudi will know the way. It is quite dangerous for us humans."

"Among them, Qingniu Tianmu is the real overlord in Yinyue Tan."

"Qingniu Tianmu is basically the strength of fighting immortals, and the same level of fighting immortal powerhouses have nothing to do with it, let alone relying on Yinyuetan's cover, this guy is probably even more terrifying." Qingwen said.

"It seems that this guy is not so easy to deal with." Xiao Yan heard the words and said slightly, but he was still looking forward to Qingniu Tianmu. If he got Tianmu, then he could be described as having two attributes of fire and wood. That's when the real transformation...

"But don't worry too much. The three of us, Lei Qingyu, have some methods, and we will definitely have a better chance than other treasure hunters."

"As for this Qingniu Tianmu, maybe we have to join forces." Qingwen said.

"Joining forces?" Xiao Yan wondered when he heard the words.

"Brother Xiao Yan, let's be honest, we've been to Yinyuetan before, but unfortunately we were defeated by Qingniu Tianmu in a row, and we had to retreat in the end." Qingwen said in an ugly tone.

"That guy is very strong?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan nodded slightly and asked.

"Qingniu Tianmu is very strong, but in the Mirror of the Moon Tan, it has a unique advantage." Qingwen explained.

As for Qing Wen, Xiao Yan knew that this guy, like himself, had the strength of Dou Di's peak, but he vaguely made Xiao Yan feel that this guy was not a simple person either.

After the few people finished speaking, Zaidu walked towards Yingyuetan, chatting and laughing along the way, quite harmonious.

"Damn little beast!" On the other side, Yu Quan's figure was slightly embarrassed. Obviously, even if he escaped in the end, Xiao Yan's counterattack attack caused a lot of shock to himself.

"Steward, are you alright?" Seeing Yu Quan coming back, Yu Jin Yu Yin, who was guarding the camp, hurriedly surrounded her and asked.

"I'm fine."

"I just didn't expect that the Qing family would actually find a strong kid as a guard, and I don't know where the Qing family got it." Yu Quan shook his head.

"Steward, we have the handle of their Qing family in our hands, and we can do it like this..." Seeing this, Yu Jin suddenly had some other ideas.

"Idiot, the captain of our **** team was killed by that little bastard, and the two guards are still in their hands." Yu Quan scolded. UU reading www.uukanshu. com

"Forget it, let's go first."

"Let's talk about it after Yinyuetan. After all, the soul beasts in Yinyuetan are not something that a few elite Dou Di peaks can handle." The next moment, the Yu family tried their best not to think about other things, and said slowly.

"Yes!" Following Yu Quan's order, Yu Jin and Yu Yin all agreed, and immediately took the home guard with him.

On a rock, a burly figure slowly sat on it.

"The soul beast in Yinyue Tan is powerful. I'm afraid that it can only be solved by waiting for other people to join forces." Lei Shi slowly sat on the rock and muttered softly.

Obviously, Lei Shi had already entered the Reflecting Moon Hall, but unfortunately, he was still driven out by the Azure Bull Tianmu. The scars on his body are the best proof.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Immediately, Lei Shi was not in a hurry, he sat directly on the rock and calmly adjusted his breath. After all, this was the only way to enter Yinyuetan.

And as the three forces of Lei Qingyu told Yingyuetan, some other powerhouses followed them one after another. After all, Yingyuetan's location is not too mysterious, but Qingniu Tianmu's solution, except these three, other people Don't know.

"Is that Yinyuetan..." After a while, I came here slowly, some powerful people with decent strength.

Their gazes turned slightly towards Lei Shi's back, and there was a world like a ***, crystal silver and antimony transparent, and even the water surface reflected the beautiful scene in the sky.