Chapter Vol 4 992: Arrogant 3 days crowd

"Bastard!" Looking at the sky, San Sanzhong and his senior brother Jian Xin kept fighting, Song Yue and Hong Qian couldn't help saying.

After the two of them came back from the Jiaoyue Ruins, although their strength has also skyrocketed to the middle stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor, they are still powerless in the face of the most tyrannical Xuanling Royal Family, and they don't know why, even if they are Wanjian. The eldest brother and the second eldest brother of the sect have cultivated extremely hard, and have always been unable to break through the shackles of the Seven Star Dou Di.

"This sword heart's grasp of sword intent is extremely terrifying."

"It is said that with the consummate strength of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor, he forcibly defeated the powerhouse in the initial stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor." In the sky, the two heavens slowly spoke.

"really."

"Even though the third brother Qixing Doudi's perfect strength is the same as Jianxin's, he is still a bit weaker than him. Unless he uses that thing, otherwise..." The leader of the four heavens, Tiangan shook his head and said.

In the previous sect competition, Zhong Tianhong was defeated by Jianxin in three days, so he was worried about it, but this time, it seems that this battle situation cannot be changed.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Tianhong, this time, you are still no match for me."

"You are already in a mess, so you should retreat quickly." Jian Xin held the fairy sword in his hand and said slightly to Tian Hong.

After a short confrontation, the odds for the two of them were very clear.

"Kid Jianxin, don't talk nonsense!"

"Pick me up!"

"Spirit of Hongtian!" Tianhong immediately realized that he was no match for Jianxin, but because of the resentment in his heart, he still couldn't bear to admit defeat.

As soon as the words fell, a circle of extremely dazzling energy of life emerged around Tianhong, and then directly above Tianhong's head, a huge giant eagle of energy from the sky was formed. The huge body was just a circle. The power of life is surrounded at an extreme speed, exuding a huge power like destruction, and its huge body also shrouds everyone.

"You can't catch my eyes with the little trick of carving insects, so let your two brothers come." Jian Xin shook his head slightly, and then the next moment, a sharp breath suddenly appeared, and then the fairy sword in his palm burst out with bursts of extremely dazzling rays of light. .

"Jianyi, kill!" Jianxin said lightly, and then the immortal sword in his hand swelled countless times and flew directly towards the giant eagle in the sky.

"Suffer to death!" Upon seeing this, Tianhong immediately realized that Jianxin's mastery of sword intent was stronger than the previous sect competition, and he did not dare to hesitate, directly controlling the spirit of Hongtian and projecting it away.

"Third brother...I'm going to lose..." But at this moment, the eyes of the heavens were filled with an indescribable deep feeling, and he said something.

"No way..." Er Tianzhong on the side said slightly.

"Look." Tiangan didn't say more, but looked at the two people fighting fiercely in the sky.

"Boom boom boom!" The dazzling sword intent and the giant eagle were just intertwined. Suddenly, the huge eagle mouth of the giant eagle was directly holding an incomparably huge phantom sword, and the sword heart unhurriedly urged the immortal sword.

"Damn, if it goes on like this, there is no doubt that I will lose." As the first person in the battle, Tianhong naturally realized how terrifying the destructive power of the dazzling Sword Intent in Jian Xin's gigantic fantasy sword, and immediately opened his mouth.

"Tianhong, you... can't do it." Jian Xin was too lazy to talk nonsense with Tianhong, so he was shocked, the huge phantom sword directly smashed the giant eagle energy body, and then attacked Tianhong's body.

"Bang Bang Bang!" The energy giant eagle was instantly destroyed, and then the aura around Tianhong became chaotic. Obviously, the disappearance of the energy giant eagle also had a certain impact on his body.

"Crappie..."

"You forced me!" And just when the huge imaginary sword was about to hit Tianhong's body with a monstrous sword intent, Tianhong didn't make any movement, but said with great resentment. A silent evil aura slowly emerged from his body.

"This guy, what are you doing?" Jian Xin looked at Tian Hong motionless, and the aura on this guy was extremely strange, so he couldn't help but wonder.

"If you lose, you lose." Just when Tianhong was about to unleash the evil aura, Tiangan's eyes were quick and his hands were quick, and he directly supported Tianhong's shoulder with one hand, then suppressed the evil aura and said to him.

"Big brother..." Tianhong couldn't help blushing when he saw that his plan was seen through by the big brother.

"Go back, you still have to step up your cultivation progress." Tiangan said slowly.

"But this guy..." Tian Hong gritted his teeth and said, obviously unwilling to give up like this.

"Don't worry, I will avenge you." Tian Gan naturally knew what Tian Hong was thinking, and said immediately.

"Then I will trouble big brother." After Tianhong finished speaking, he didn't stop, he jumped into the sky and stood with his second brother Tiancang.

"Your strength is still too weak."

"And if we use that thing here, it will undoubtedly sabotage our plan." Tian Cang said slowly.

"I see." Being educated by the eldest brother and the second brother, Tianhong also calmed down.

"Wanjianmen Jianchi Jianxin really deserves its reputation." Tiangan, who took Tianhong's position beside him, said to Jianxin in the sky with a dangerous arc in the corner of his mouth.

Jian Xin frowned upon seeing this, and then the incomparably huge attack dissipated in an instant. He knew that the guy with the hippie smile in front of him was the most powerful one among the four heavenly congregations of the Xuanling Royal Family.

"It's so strong!" Song Yue and Hong Qian couldn't help but say something when they felt the faint pressure from Tian Gan in front of them.

"Tiangan, what do you want to do?" Jian Xin also knew that Tiangan's strength was terrifying, so he asked without giving up.

"No." Tian Gan said slightly.

"You!" Jian Xin couldn't help cursing when he saw this.

"Since it's an old rival."

"Don't say I didn't give you a chance, I'll give you two options."

"One is to kneel down and kowtow to Tianhong to admit his mistake, and then get out of the sect to compete in the **** river." Tiangan smiled slightly.

"This bastard..." The three of Wanjianmen below also said slowly.

"Another one..."

"Let me beat you to cripples and send them to the Blood River."

"How... how do you choose?" After Tiangan finished speaking, a dazzling power suddenly burst out from his body. In that power, white and black slowly surrounded him, with white occupying the majority, while black was extremely blurry.

But when Jian Xin saw this, his complexion suddenly sank. He knew that the strength of the guy in front of him not only truly reached the initial stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di, but he even gave birth to the power of death!

"The initial stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor, which passed through the Eight-Star Dou Emperor's death catastrophe..." And Jian Xin's face finally turned gloomy at this moment!