Chapter 181: The rich reward for the champion of the trials, Dou Di Dan!

"This trial is based on a points system!"

"I believe that each of you has received his own token. There is a number on the token, which represents your initial data. In this trial, the winner of the final score is the winner!" The old man spoke slowly.

The old man's voice just fell, and everyone on the square also took out the tokens they received!

Taking a closer look, each token has different levels of silver lines. A silver line represents a newcomer with first-class talent. At the same time, there is also a small number on the token, 10!

It means that they have 10 points to be evaluated as a first-class talent rookie at the beginning!

The token of the second-class talent rookie has two silver stripes, and the number of points on the token is 20!

There are three silver lines on the token of the third-class talent newcomer, and the number of points on the token is 40!

There are four silver stripes on the token of the fourth-class talented newcomer, and the number of points on the token is 80!

There are five silver lines on the token of the fifth-class talent newcomer, and the number of points on the token is 160!

Xiao Yan also looked at the bronze token in his hand, and found that the number on it was as high as... 200!

"This..." Yue Ru, Xiao Yan and Mu Feng also looked at each other, obviously their numbers were wrong!

"Aren't yours wrong?" Mu Feng said.

"Hush hush hush!" Xiao Yan also made a comparison, obviously signaling them not to make a sound, the extra value must be because of their top three, so it was also to avoid suspicion.

"The location of this trial is the Infernal Corpse Forest. The Infernal Corpse Forest has three floors. The first floor is mostly simple monsters and monsters. The second floor still has some powerful existences, but as for the third floor, you'd better Don't go to the third floor, the things there are a little scary." The old man also said.

"Infernal corpse forest?"

"It is said that this Yin Corpse Forest is the place where Xuan Santian and the ghost world were left over from the war. The whole place is full of overcast winds, and there are endless ghosts and monsters, so it got this name." Mu Feng said.

"Oh." Xiao Yan replied softly, the place left after the battle between Ghost Realm and Xuan Santian should have some precious things.

"There are countless powerful magical beasts hidden in the Yin Corpse Forest. It is one of the places where the nine great monsters and monsters gathered in our Xuan three days, ranking eighth."

"Inside the corpse forest is very mysterious. In addition to demons and ghosts, there are also countless mysteries and opportunities. This time you go, everyone must be separated, and three people will form a team for a month-long trial."

"I hope that after this selection, you have all made some progress, and you can join the many sects in Xuan Santian to learn more advanced fighting skills. At the same time, this selection is also dangerous, so you must Be careful, I wish you a victory and return." The old man also spoke slowly.

"This trial, this number of points can be obtained by defeating monsters and collecting medicinal materials in the experience."

"There is another way to get points..."

"That's you fighting each other! But if you don't have enough strength, this is a very stupid act." The old man also said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

When the people on the square heard the words, they were eager to try it out. If they could directly **** it, it would be the fastest shortcut to improve their strength and points!

"If your life is in danger, crush the token and you can send it back, but once the token is crushed, it means that you lose your qualifications for selection." The old man also said.

The people on the square also know the seriousness of this matter, so no matter who it is, unless death comes, they will not crush the token!

This is their last proof to join the super sect!

"In this selection, everyone from all the bases will participate together!"

"So apart from you, this is a battle between tens of thousands of people, and tens of thousands of people, only the top 100 people in the final score are eligible to join the nine super sects, other than that, the others only need to There are conspicuous opportunities or outstanding places, and some of the elders of the sect took a fancy to them and entered the sect."

"And the top ten rewards this time, in addition to being able to freely choose to join any sect within the Xuan three days, you can also get the Dou Di Pill refined by the Pill Valley Master!" The old man above the tall building also said lazily. .

"Doudi Pill!" The people on the square were also crazy about it!

This "Doudi Pill" is incredible. Legend has it that a certain great master has gone through countless hardships and failed countless times to study his prescription.

"Doudi Pill", the most significant effect is that it can improve the strength of the user! Although each person can only take one pill in their lifetime, if they take one pill again after taking one, the body will develop resistance, and there will be no significant results.

But even so, it can't limit the power of this Emperor Dou Pill, and the improvement is a whole level!

In addition to today's rookie Wang Xiaoyan who instantly defeated the four-star Dou Emperor early stage with the strength of the three-star Dou Emperor's peak, they all knew that if this newcomer Wang was too perverted, if he was the same as them, it would seem like a different The difference in grades is actually outrageous!

The first-level is only poor. If it is not for someone with extraordinary talent, this seemingly small first-level will at least take decades to break through!

From this, it can be seen how difficult it is to improve the strength of Dou Di!

"Is it actually a "Doudi Pill"?"

"This is a second-grade pill of the emperor's rank, so I can't make it right now..."

"Not to mention that I don't have the prescription for this Dou Di Pill." Xiao Yan also laughed at himself.

However, Xiao Yan was not discouraged. After all, the improvement of the alchemist is inextricably linked with the soul power, and his soul power has been improved several times before, reaching the saturation level, and it will not be improved again in a short period of time. . UU reading www.uukanshu.com

With the discussion that exploded in an instant on the square, the attraction of this Dou Di Pill was naturally enough to cause a sensation.

"And the first place in this trial, no matter which sect joins, can go to soak in the royal pond of the Xuanling royal family!" The old man also looked at the newcomers with a smile.

"It is said that the reason why the Xuanling royal family can hold the sky with only one hand in this Xuansan day is because of the imperial pool, which is strange to say, but after all, it is under the protection of the Xuanling royal family, so I know It is also too rare, but one thing is certain, this Emperor Pond has some wonderful effects, and it is said that it seems to be able to improve the cultivation speed of cultivators."

"It's not known whether it's true or not." Mu Feng also said.

"Is it the Imperial Pond?"

"I really miss it. The first meeting with Yan Yu was in this imperial pool. I don't know where he will fall asleep this time?" Xiao Yan's own master Jinlong King's voice also slowly appeared in Xiao Yan's body.

Xiao Yan was also shocked by this. His master Jinlong King had rarely communicated with him since he came to the outskirts of Xuantiantian. After all, in this place where the Crouching Tiger and Hidden Dragon are found, then...

Xiao Yan still understands the truth that every man is innocent and guilty.

"Yan Yu?" Xiao Yan's eyes also became hot, there is no doubt that this must be the name of that holy flame!

"This first must be obtained!"

"It doesn't matter who is blocking the way!" Xiao Yan also secretly made up his mind.

Ask for a ticket~