Chapter Vol 4 1785: The big guy behind the magic stone lizard!

"Hula-la!" Above the Devil's Sea, everyone had been sailing for a few days now, and they had vaguely approached the center of the sea. They could smell a dangerous aura above the dark sea.

"Boom!" After a while, a loud noise like thunder exploded, filling the entire ship.

"What's going on?" Just as the loud noise appeared, Xiao Yan hurriedly walked out of the room, ran to the deck of the ship, and asked, the loud noise seemed to be mixed with a strangeness that made Xiao Yan feel quite uncomfortable. breath.

Just after arriving on the deck, Xiao Yan found that Jasmine, Gu Lao and two people were already standing here, looking down with awe-inspiring eyes. As for the other three, they were assisting the boatmen to control the boat.

"I hit a rock." Jasmine's beautiful eyes squirmed as she looked at the rough sea below, and said coldly.

"Go down and see, it's too dangerous here, if you stay here for a long time, I'm afraid..." Gu Lao's face changed slightly.

"I need you to come down with me. Only with the blessing of your soul can I make a move without any hesitation." Seeing Xiao Yan's judgment that was different from ordinary people, Jasmine did not shy away and spoke directly. After all, it is not every strong person. All can cultivate both soul power and fighting qi. Many strong people are just tyrannical in fighting qi, like Jasmine, who is as tyrannical as the six-star fighting immortal, and the soul power is still a long way from the fairyland.

"Okay." Xiao Yan nodded softly, but he knew that the following is not so simple.

"Old Gu, you are responsible for protecting the safety of the boat."

"Let's go." With a thud, the two of them submerged directly under the sea, heading towards the so-called reef at the bottom of the boat.

"Weng Om Om!" Just after entering the sea, Xiao Yan's ocean-like soul force emerged, forming a transparent cyan barrier around the two bodies, isolating the erosion of the sea water. The enormous pressure that came filled their hearts.

That kind of pressure, as if a weak woman with no strength to hold a chicken on her back, was carrying a huge boulder.

"What a terrifying pressure." Under the sea, it was dark and dark, and the huge pressure between the ups and downs of the sea filled the two's sight and body.

"Follow me." Jasmine snorted softly, her body swam vigorously, and followed the stagnant boat, trying to find out the reason.

"Looks like this time, I'm afraid it's not the problem of the reef." After the two inspected, they found that it was not the problem of the reef, but the tail of the boat, which was entangled by a cloud of extremely dark silt.

Even when looking at this strange silt, a shuddering crisis permeated.

"What is this?" Xiao Yan asked.

"The magic mud unique to the Devil's Sea is a rather strange creature. They don't have too much intelligence and strength, but every time they appear, there will be a bad omen, because they are usually attached to some kind of tyrannical force. Above the creatures." Jasmine's beautiful eyes kept sweeping, and she looked at the dark seabed with a dim light.

"Weng Om!" Just as the two were talking, the dark silt squirmed uncontrollably, and a chill from the depths of their souls filled their bodies.

"Then... there is something down there!"

"Come on!" Seeing Jasmine so serious, Xiao Yan's soul power had just dispersed, and he was also exploring it, but he was directly eaten away by a mysterious power, and that mysterious power was extremely harmful, Xiao Yan was very heartbroken. shock.

"Grumbling."

"Huhu... It's really been a long time since a human has dared to step into my territory." Black bubbles emerged from the bottomless sea with a deafening scorn.

"Don't stop the power of your soul, it's just a little ant." Jasmine called out, and there was a terrifying faint light on her body, like a fish swimming towards the source of the sound.

"Okay." Xiao Yan said with a smile in his heart, what he is doing now is naturally to remove Jasmine's guard against him, otherwise, with his own perception and strength, these little shrimps are not worth mentioning.

However, it was a success. Jasmine's vigilance towards herself was being reduced bit by bit, which provided a lot of help to Xiao Yan's later affairs.

"Bang bang bang!" With a sound, the light and darkness collided, and a tide of energy suddenly emerged.

"Five Star Fighting Immortal's complete magic stone lizard?" After a fight, Jasmine's figure hurriedly retreated with the help of the tide and the power of her soul.

"Are you okay?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively.

"Bound of Space!"

"Dimensional extinction!" Jasmine ignored Xiao Yan, raised her palm slightly, and a silver blazing light suddenly emerged from this dark seabed. At that time, her entire body was like a silver bow full of twists and turns, gleaming. Extraordinarily bright light.

Following Jasmine's methods, Xiao Yan could see the appearance of this sea beast.

At first glance, this guy is just a lizard with a length of about tens of meters, and the black pupils seem to be filled with bloodthirsty blood, other than that, there is nothing abnormal.

"Boom!" Jasmine's palm lifted lightly without any hold of her hand. The dazzling power of space above her palm turned into a silver bow, which broke away directly from her palm, causing shocking waves in this dark sea. .

"Kacha!" With a sound, the space silver bow was easily driven, and even if this guy didn't understand it, it was cut into two halves by it, and its vitality was rapidly weakened bouncing! "Having the magic stone lizard in half, Jasmine was ready to stop, but the strange thing was that at the same time, this guy's eyes turned red, and a wave of madness spread completely. Covered the entire dark sea, and its power suddenly soared.

"Wait... The current situation of this sea beast is very similar to the few people who bit people in Shuiyuan City before. What's going on?" At this moment, Xiao Yan was unprecedentedly solemn, and it was obvious that he was advancing at this time. The direction is correct, and I'm afraid it won't be long before the truth emerges.

"It's this kind of magic again..."

"Yan Xiao, use your soul power to attack it with me. Don't give it a chance to use its power, otherwise it will cause a lot of trouble." Jasmine's expression changed slightly, looking at the guy who was cut in half in front of her, shouting loudly. one sound.

"You Mingtian is stunned."

"Space Slash!" The power of the two roared out, and in an instant, this guy was completely evaporated. After all, the soul power of the late fairyland Taixu and the six-star fighting immortal powerhouse teamed up to deal with a five-star fighting immortal sea beast. for easy.

"Let's go back..." After doing all this, Jasmine gave a light glance. It was obvious that she had discovered from Yan Xiao's attack just now that Yan Xiao's soul power seemed to be more than just a fairyland.

"I want to leave now... I'm afraid it's a little troublesome." At this time, Xiao Yan was powerless to shake his head.

There seems to be endless killing intent and anger hidden in those scarlet eyes, and this guy is probably the real overlord in this sea area.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.