Chapter 313: Hand in hand!

At this time, Xiao Yan didn't care about the creaking sound of the bones in his body, because Xiao Yan also knew that the most important thing right now was the immortal emperor in front of him!

Xiao Yan also felt that the power radiated by this Immortal Emperor was much stronger than that of the Xuanling King!

Faced with such a terrifying pressure, Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and looked at the figure in front of him stubbornly.

"It's actually a little guy in the middle stage of the four-star Dou Emperor." The Immortal Emperor was also extremely surprised.

Xiao Yan heard the words, his face did not change color, and his footsteps were steady, and he walked up from the collapse step by step.

Obviously, with Xiao Yan's strong ability to adapt, he has gradually adapted to the pressure of this immortal emperor, at least he will no longer collapse into the ground like a heavy stone on his back.

"It seems that this kid will not become arrogant and arrogant because of our existence." The Golden Dragon King also stood aside, quite satisfied with Xiao Yan's actions.

Long Yi also nodded slowly within the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind Xiao Yan, apparently agreeing with the words of the Golden Dragon King.

Now Xiao Yan has the soul power of the Golden Dragon King, and he, Long Yi, exists as an artifact spirit.

The Golden Dragon King had warned him before, not to help Xiao Yan too much, and he still had to go on his own. Long Yi also agreed.

It's just that when he hears such a gratifying voice from the Golden Dragon King now, Long Yi is also relieved, and at the same time, he also let go of his arrogance as a dragon, and prepares to concentrate on assisting Xiao Yan.

After all, whether or not he can be reborn in the future depends on Xiao Yan, and he has already gambled everything on Xiao Yan.

"I remember a thousand years ago, who came in in an attempt to conquer my tenth-rank Dou Emperor, there was a six-star Dou Emperor powerhouse, and another who had reached the peak of an eight-star Dou Emperor..."

"It's been a thousand years, and I don't know how strong these two are..."

"Although the two of them have not conquered their own tenth-rank fighting emperors, their talents are not weak, and they are also strong now."

"It seems to be called Old Bamboo..."

"The other one seems to be the owner of the Burning Incense Pavilion..." The Immortal Emperor also said slowly.

Xiao Yan was also shocked for a short time, and then he came back to his senses and murmured to the Immortal Emperor: "Senior, the Immortal Emperor is famous, and this junior is here just to test whether he can obtain these ten The body of the Emperor Dou."

Xiao Yan's voice sounded unevenly in the hall.

The next moment, the golden light attached to the Immortal Great Emperor was also slowly and obviously, instead, the Immortal Great Emperor in front of him also revealed his original appearance.

Xiao Yan saw the Immortal Emperor's curly hair, and his deep pupils seemed to contain infinite power. He was dressed in a very simple cloth, and the corners of his mouth were also cracked with a charming arc, and a smile instantly filled out.

But even though he is such a simple person, Xiao Yan knows how terrifying his energy is.

"Hehe, what a brave boy..."

"Actually, I had the idea of ​​being a tenth-rank fighting emperor." The immortal emperor in front of him also smiled slowly.

But the strong confidence in his voice could not be concealed!

Although this immortal emperor's remnant soul is only a remnant soul, it also exists to protect the body of this tenth-rank fighting emperor!

Let me ask, it would be as difficult as ascending to the sky to obtain the ten-rank Dou Emperor from such a terrifying Immortal Emperor.

"You can enter here, of course, it is not a general generation, but it is too naive to think that if you have the qualification to obtain my tenth-rank Dou Emperor..." The Immortal Emperor also said slowly.

"Hey..." Xiao Yan also sighed slowly.

It seems that if you don't show some strength, it is obviously impossible to obtain the ten-rank Dou Emperor of the Immortal Emperor in front of him.

"No matter what, this junior just wants to give it a try." Xiao Yan also muttered, then stared intently at the immortal emperor in front of him.

At such a close distance, Xiao Yan can naturally feel an extremely terrifying power from the Immortal Emperor!

That power seems to be invincible, as strong as iron, and it really deserves to be immortal!

"What a brave boy..."

"But courage does not mean success." The Immortal Emperor also smiled, obviously satisfied with this Xiao Yan, but he also remembered some past events.

It seems that he had such courage back then, if it weren't for the foreign evil clan to attack in their seven realms infighting, his immortal emperor would not have fallen.

But he didn't regret it. Although he paid the price with his life, he was proud of protecting one side of the land before.

"Show your strengths."

"If you get my approval, this tenth-rank Dou Emperor's body will be yours."

"If you can't get my approval, then go out. You don't need to waste time here. Looking for a Dou Emperor's body, it's not worth entering the Dou Di River." The Immortal Emperor also spoke slowly.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan's complexion also became heavy. The person in front of him is the power of the peak of Dou Di, and he can rely on the strength of Dou Di's peak to deal with two emperor-level foreign evil races that are comparable to human fighting immortals, even if there are remnants in front of them. Xiao Yan could not tolerate any slack in his body!

"Remember that this immortal emperor seems to have a deep connection with the Xiao family..." The Golden Dragon King also stood on top of Xiao Yan's head, and then stared at Xiao Yan carefully.

A person's potential can often only be continuously stimulated in constant extreme battles, and this level of battle is also the fastest way to improve Xiao Yan!

Furthermore, the Golden Dragon King also wanted to see where Xiao Yan's limits were now.

Xiao Yan also moved when he heard the words.

On Xiao Yan's body, a terrifying milky white flame instantly attached, and then the huge flame energy also slowly gathered on the strange fire eternal ancient ruler behind him.

At the same time, Long Yi on the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng also appeared. Obviously, Xiao Yan had to stand by in the face of the emperor who was as strong as the immortal!

"Roar!" Long Yi's passionate dragon roar permeated the entire hall It's actually a little guy with an artifact..."

"But how does your ruler give me a familiar aura..." The Immortal Emperor also pondered.

Xiao Yan is holding the Ancient Ruler of Eternal Fire, and Long Yi is constantly surrounding the Ruler of Eternal Fire. There is no doubt that once Xiao Yan launches an attack, the attack intensity will be even greater than before!

Because in the past, most of Xiao Yan compressed his own power on the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and then burst out with terrifying destructive power!

But it's different now, Long Yi has obtained the permission of the Golden Dragon King, so Xiao Yan's attack at this time will also be mixed with Long Yi's attack, and its attack strength is stronger than before!

Terrifying energy appeared around Xiao Yan's body. The next moment, Xiao Yan's black pupils were tightly closed, and at the same time, an extremely terrifying wave of soul spread instantly.

"Huangquan is angry!" Xiao Yan suddenly opened his eyes and shouted loudly.

The terrifying soul attack went against the Immortal Emperor.

The soul attack just came to the Immortal Emperor, and the Immortal Emperor also waved it.

"I didn't expect it to be an extremely rare soul attack."

"However, the difference between our strengths is too great. Otherwise, we would have been caught." The Immortal Emperor spoke slowly, and with a wave of his hand, Xiao Yan's terrifying soul attack stopped instantly.

"The first foot of the seventh layer of breaking the sky!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's roaring voice also slowly appeared in the hall.

A burst of terrifying flame energy mixed with the sky and covering the earth also radiated from the ancient ruler of the different fire, and then the next moment, under the control of Xiao Yan, he attacked the immortal emperor viciously. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: