Chapter Vol 4 2185: Collect the core of the plane, come from the fairyland!

"Boom!"

The deafening sound surged around in this undercurrent, stirring all the energy here!

Even if the blood-colored centipede fell, it would cost a lot of money to burn and purify his remaining power.

After all, it was the Red King Rank!

Xiao Yan's body is now deficient in fighting qi. Obviously, he has just been blessed with so much power, and erasing the Red King Rank also drained all his power, but fortunately, he has the protection of the lower body. What is the effect of inflammation.

After all, Baxia's body is a part of the Baxia Dragon King, and it is enough to resist the attacks of powerhouses below the fourth level of reincarnation.

Without any pause, Xiao Yan hurriedly seized the time and tried his best to recover his vindictive energy. After that, he kept these energies a little quieter, and he still had to go deeper to find something vital.

The core of the plane.

Simply this time, Yuanhai Continent has gained a lot, and by chance, he obtained the body of Baxia and the real dragon transformation of the Dragon King of Baxia!

As for Baxia's body, after he was seriously injured in the battle of heaven and earth, he was sealed by two red kings together, one was the fifth-level rank, and the other was the blood-clothed centipede...

On the other side, above the Immortal Sect of Yuanhai Continent, a white figure gracefully emerged from the clouds in the sky, looking solemnly at the sea below: "Who is it?"

"Actually doing nonsense on my fairyland?"

"If you disturb such a huge movement, I'm afraid the people who come here are not good!"

As soon as the voice fell, the figure's speed skyrocketed, with a touch of energy protection on its body, and it quickly went towards the bottom of the sea.

However, judging from the breath and origin of this guy, I am afraid that he is undoubtedly a person from the fairyland!

As for the sea area of ​​Yuanhai Continent, the turbulent waves continued to emerge, causing countless human beings to sigh.

below.

The terrifying energy ripples from the battle between the two lasted for dozens of minutes before it subsided. If it wasn't for the suppression by the enchantment seal, I am afraid that the fluctuations here would have been discovered by the Immortal Realm Great Expert and come to suppress it.

"Having a lower body is really a good thing."

Xiao Yan looked at the tortoise shell surrounding his body. The cyan dragon shadow was looming, showing terrifying fluctuations. Even after the battle just now, Baxia's body was not damaged in any way.

Even with the baking of Xiao Yan's holy flame, the evil forces that invaded into it were completely wiped out, leaving the lower body intact as before.

"But hurry up."

Xiao Yan reluctantly recovered 10% of his vindictive energy, and then his mind moved, and he controlled Baxia's body to go further down. Naturally, he could not forget the main purpose of this time, the core of the plane.

As for Baxia's body, it was entirely due to good luck, but after this battle, Xiao Yan's fourth dragon **** became a half-dragon, and became a real dragon. order!

Even the complete control of Fen Jue's first-level realm, if you have to go back and observe more, the power will be doubled.

But it is a pity that the kind of terrorist attack that Baxia's power just displayed, Baxia Dragon's Claws, he has not learned, otherwise, once the attack is used, the attacking power is very strong, which is rare in the world.

That is the exclusive skill of Baxia, which is a pity.

The lower body of the tyrant is full of green awns, shaped like a turtle shell, and there is a cyan dragon shadow on it, which is extremely sturdy and quite impressive.

"Wong buzzing!"

Xiao Yan controlled Ba Xia's body and descended a distance of several hundred meters towards the bottom, suddenly stopped, and some dark soil appeared in Xiao Yan's line of sight.

"Squeak."

"Is it the end?"

"But you haven't seen any traces of the core of the plane?"

Xiao Yan looked around, but did not see any traces of the core of the plane, and even Hun Tianhao himself didn't know what the core of the plane was, so I'm afraid Xiao Yan would need to explore by himself.

"Shhhhh."

Baxia's body is very spiritual, and it emits a hot breath, as if reminding Xiao Yan that something exists below.

"What is this?"

Xiao Yan came to the bottom of the sea 10,000 meters, and saw a slightly raised part in the layer of dark mud, controlling Baxia's body to approach the past.

"What a rich energy, could this be the core of the plane?"

Xiao Yan moved gently and wiped away the dark silt, revealing a yellow plant.

The two small leaves seemed to have tooth tips sprouting in the center, but there was an extremely mysterious and ancient wave lingering around them. Xiao Yan was extremely surprised by that power.

"Wong buzzing!"

When Xiao Yan touched his palm, countless energy fluctuations emerged in the entire sea area, turning into a black hole around the body of the yellow plant, absorbing all the energy here continuously.

Absorbing these powers, the yellow grass slowly turned towards the silver light.

"It turned out to be because of the existence of the tyrannical body and the powerhouses of the extraterritorial evil race, which covered the growth of the core of the plane."

"Eat, let's eat."

"After absorbing these energies and entering the maturity stage, you can be brought back."

Xiao Yan smiled helplessly.

"Is this... the aura of an alien race?"

A few minutes later, the white figure came to the place where Xiao Yan was fighting, and looked at the messy void and couldn't help but be surprised.

With a sharp sense of smell, he sensed a trace of the evil aura that disappeared soon. As for the aura of the Dragon King, there was nothing left by Xiao Yan, so this guy couldn't detect it at all.

As soon as the voice fell, the white figure shot directly towards the lower part, and a wave of terrifying fluctuations also emerged. If you look closely, its strength is actually reincarnation!

In the dark sea of ​​ten thousand feet, Xiao Yan quietly waited for the core of the plane to mature, but a white figure came quickly.

"Um... what's going on?"

Xiao Yan watched the recovery of the core of the plane while watching out for this dark sea.

His indifferent eyes swept across the sea. In the originally quiet sea, although the sea still seemed calm and there was no crisis, Xiao Yan's keen sense of smell and huge soul force felt something was wrong.

It seems that some creatures broke into the space here.

"It's not advisable to stay here for a long time."

Xiao Yan wondered and was unable to perceive the source of the danger. He could only speed up the energy absorbed by the plane core and try to leave earlier.

"This is?"

Suddenly, just as Xiao Yan wondered, in the turbulent river in this dark sea area, silver light clusters like stars were looming.

The silver light group is like a star hanging in the sky, blooming with extremely terrifying power.

"go!"

Xiao Yan felt extremely uncomfortable, flicked his fingers, and lingered his own flames, trying to find out.

"Pfft! Pfft!"

Xiao Yan's seemingly simple attack just touched the faint silver light group, and it suddenly touched violently, and a ripple of energy appeared.

"No, it's a formation!"

Xiao Yan was secretly surprised, and hurriedly got up and prepared to leave, but looking at the core of the plane that had not yet recovered, his expression couldn't help but turn ugly.

"Bold monster, why are you coveting my fairy world treasure?"

"The treasure will come out, otherwise this immortal won't be able to spare you!"

A white shadow appeared, and a jade sword was raised and pointed at Xiao Yan. The fierce sword energy made the void buzzing. At the same time, those silver light clusters also emerged, forming a shining array of light. , completely enveloped here.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: