Chapter Vol 4 2165: intelligence

"impossible!!!"

"How can you have so much power?"

A look of panic appeared on the face of the puppet king. Looking at the half-dragon and half-human figure walking towards him step by step, his voice became trembling.

Although he is a king, his own strength is not tyrannical. The tyrannical ones are the evil pet and the puppet.

However, when encountering Xiao Yan with these means and powers, there is a feeling of helplessness. Whether it is Xiao Yan's mysterious holy flame or the power of the dragon clan, it is definitely not something he can resist.

"Crack!"

With a big wave of Xiao Yan's hand, he suddenly shattered the black mist lingering around the Puppet King, revealing his true colors.

The Golem King is petite, like a little human boy's attire. The only strange thing is that there is a slightly raised horn on the top of his head.

There seems to be some extremely evil power in that horn.

"I won't play with you anymore!"

"I want to go home!"

Feeling the holy flames and green vines overflowing in the space passage, there was a trace of anger on the face of the Golem King, and he roared.

"go back."

After killing the evil pet, the aura of the devil sea was completely eliminated. After dealing with the residual aura in the space passage, Xiao Yan returned to his original state. No matter why this guy looked so weird, he restrained him abruptly and brought him to the deck of the space ship. above.

However, Xiao Yan always felt that this guy was weird, and it seemed that he was different from any foreign evil race guy he had encountered in the past.

"What a nice view……"

When he just came here, the little guy of the Golem King's eyes was wide open, and he immediately noticed the three fairies standing on the deck. The three of them were very beautiful, and they were obsessed with their appearance and temperament.

"Clap!"

Listening to the words of the Puppet King, Xiao Yan raised his hand, the energy gathered in the palm of his hand, without any intention of showing mercy, he slapped him in the air.

Immediately, there were red traces on the puppet king's cheeks, and a fiery burning sensation hit, and even Xiao Yan was extremely frightened.

"Sisi...it hurts."

The Puppet King looked at Xiao Yan with a depressed expression, his body shrank unconsciously, and whispered.

"Ah puff."

Looking at Xiao Yan's appearance, the three girls laughed like silver bells, which made the atmosphere here quite harmonious.

"you you you!"

"You actually hit me?"

"Do you know who my father is?"

After a while, listening to the laughter of the three girls, the Golem King seemed to be provoked, his petite body stood up directly, changed his appearance just now, and roared directly at Xiao Yan.

"Speak out the information you know, and I will use my soul power to monitor you. Once you have any trace of lying, the Holy Flame will kill you without hesitation."

Xiao Yan's voice was cold and decisive.

Anyway, the space ship is now sailing in the space passage, and it is useless to be anxious.

Between planes and continents, there are upper, middle and lower levels, plane continents of different levels, and space wormholes cannot be built between planes and planes, so this time-wasting method can only be used.

"This horn..."

Hun Tianhao didn't make a sound, looking at the slightly raised black horns on the short hair of the petite Golem King's forehead, plus the realization that this guy didn't have any captives, he fell into contemplation.

"I won't tell you!"

"Big sister, what are you doing here?"

The Golem King had an innocent face, then looked at Xun'er pitifully, and said in a low voice, his voice was extremely excited, it seemed that among the three women, Xun'er alone gave him an indescribable affinity.

"Strange, this guy is clearly a member of the evil race outside the territory, why does the Seal of Samsara emit a scorching hot breath..."

"This kind of breath seems to be familiar?"

At the center of Xun'er's eyebrows, a trace of scorching heat was beating along with bursts of light patterns.

Originally, when this guy and Xiao Yan were fighting, the feeling was weak, but now that the distance is extremely close, the feeling has become hot.

"Brother Xiao Yan, I'm afraid this guy has some secrets."

Xun'er came over, covered Xiao Yan's ear with her slender jade hand, whispered softly, and expressed her inner concerns.

The fluctuations of Reincarnation will definitely not deceive people.

"No way……"

After Xiao Yan heard this, he couldn't help feeling that things were not so simple.

According to Xun'er's estimation, I'm afraid this kid, or the forces behind him, have a great relationship with the Nine Profound Fire Lord.

But what is the connection between the two?

One is the master of the Nine Profound Fire, the master of the holy flame, who is capable of penetrating the profound, and exists at the peak of the Great Thousand Worlds, and the other is the existence of the evil king among the evil races outside the territory. Is there any connection between the two?

This is too far-fetched, isn't it?

Doesn't it mean that the evil race from outside the territory and the Great Thousand World are in the same situation?

"Little guy, can you tell my sister, where did you come from?"

After some discussion, Xiao Yan also agreed with Xun'er's proposal. After all, Xun'er said that this feeling is not like an enemy, but like a close friend. In order to prevent more troubles, he decided to let Xun'er try it out. some time.

"I... I actually came from another world."

The puppet king's small eyes returned to their original clear appearance, he looked at Xiao Yan from time to time, and said quite frightened.

"Another world?"

When Xun'er heard this, her eyebrows could not help frowning.

Another world in the Great Thousand Worlds is the extraterritorial world where the so-called extraterritorial evil races live and live.

"There are people who are just as good as me."

"But my family lives in a very big castle in that world. There are many, many servants in our family. They all told me that they can't go out. There are many bad outsiders..."

"By the way... Father has never let me go out, but this time I sneaked out."

"As soon as I ran out, I met the black guy who just left. Before I could say hello to him, the bad guy started hitting me!"

"Then I was afraid, and hurriedly summoned the six puppets my father gave me to protect myself. Unexpectedly, this villain was too powerful. In the end, even my pet, Nanali, was killed by him!"

"You give me back Nanali!"

As he spoke, the eyes of the little boy with the puppet king turned red his voice became choked up, and his eyes stared straight at Xiao Yan.

This kind of appearance is obviously not pretending, but showing the truth.

"Forget it, take him first."

After Du asked about some things, it happened that this guy really didn't know what was going on in that world. In addition, Xiao Yan noticed that this guy's soul power didn't fluctuate at all.

But what makes Xiao Yan curious is that when he wants to use his soul power to probe the memory of this guy, or ask for some information about "that world", it seems that there is some ancient evil power that isolates Xiao Yan's power.

When Xiao Yan was about to start a forcible investigation, the reincarnation mark on Xun'er's eyebrows actually exuded an extremely hot wave of power, protecting the little guy from the puppet king from the erosion of Xiao Yan's power!

This kind of strange situation is unheard of!

Just like that, the group was very nervous and headed towards the entrance of Dou Qi Continent. As for the puppet king, they also accompanied them.

However, within a few minutes, this little guy fell into a coma for some reason.

Xiao Yan was also helpless about this, so he could only let the two eight-star Douxian Perfectionists go to guard him. Only the four of them were left on the deck, plus the five Hun Tianhao.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: