Chapter Vol 4 1708: Debt of an old friend!

"Is there some guy following us?" The two just passed the first level, and they immediately noticed the screams of Xuanyue from the rear, and even the slow disappearance of the breath. For a while, You Er couldn't help but say, but this It was obviously too late to go back at that time, so she could only continue to move forward. Furthermore, at this time, You Er had not started to be so devout to Xuan Yue. After all, she had a heavy responsibility and had to be killed or the breakthrough of the Master of Souls. To pay homage to the many souls who died.

"He's a very powerful guy, but I don't know why he wants to follow us. I hope he has no bad intentions." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly. Obviously, he also knew some news about the Heisha Dragon Wolf, but every time he blackmailed him. The Sha Long Lang did not reveal his true purpose, so Xiao Yan knew little about it, but Xiao Yan was certain that this guy had no ill will towards him, and even had a hint of support, otherwise he would not If you follow yourself like this, otherwise, according to his strength, it will be extremely easy to arrest yourself.

After a moment, the two are moving towards the second level.

After breaking through the second level, you will arrive at the southernmost place on the map. If this is where the retreat of the Lord of Souls is, everyone will be happy. If it is not here, I am afraid it will take a lot of time. It is quite far from the two northernmost places, and not to mention the many powerhouses who live in the guardian temple along the way, it will naturally waste a lot of time.

"Pimple!" With a sound, the stone door was pushed open in exactly the same way, and the two directly entered the second house space.

"This level, I don't know what it is..." The two of them had just entered here, and the same darkness filled their field of vision. After a while, they suddenly felt an extremely cold ice force, which made Xiao Yan feel a strange feeling in his heart. The thought can make a guy like Xiao Yan feel a little cold, which is enough to show how cold the power of ice is.

"Two little guys, welcome."

"This is my country of ice." The voice fell, and in the dark void house, a blazing sun instantly emerged, and then a white and snowy forest emerged.

"Huhu!" The gusts of cold wind emerged, setting off an extremely terrifying place, a white world, countless forest trees are made of ice blocks, even the feet of the two, I don't know when the solid ground turned into ice and snow place.

"This is her domain, the country of ice." Looking at this scene, You Er seemed to realize something, and looked around quickly, but after a glance, she didn't find anything, so she said.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"This guy is very strong." Xiao Yan also glanced at the surrounding ice and snow forest indifferently, but found nothing.

"Yep."

"Because she is Seven Star Fighting Immortal." You Er nodded lightly and said in a very solemn voice.

Seven Star Fighting Immortals, this kind of existence, I am afraid it is enough to easily obliterate the two.

"It doesn't matter, even if it is the Longtan Tiger's Den, I have to break through it today!"

"Fire!" As soon as the voice fell, circles of gray flames emerged around Xiao Yan's body, like the inconspicuous flames in the world of ice and snow, but this faint flame was shocking.

"This is... Holy Flame?"

"Undead fire?"

"Are you a disciple of the old ghost of the Earth Spirit?" After Xiao Yan's immortal fire added to his body and formed a sturdy flame armor, a sharp surprised voice emerged from the ice and snow forest.

"Senior, the two of us didn't intend to break into this place." Seeing that there was a hint of hesitation about the Undying Fire and mentioning the old ghost of the Earth Spirit in the surprised voice, Xiao Yan tried to speak.

It seems that this guy is related to the old ghost of the earth spirit.

"Hehe, I never thought that the Lord of Li Soul would be willing to use the immortal fire as a bait, so as to prepare to devour Acacia Brokenheartitis."

"When you went to compete for the undead fire, the Lord of Li Soul should have already prepared the most important steps, and the rest is evolution to swallow." The fastest updated novel https://

"Once this guy succeeds, I am afraid that the revenge plan of the Devil of Light and Soul Eater will only be empty." The mysterious powerhouse said in the mouth.

"Forget it, who made me owe him a favor, the two of you, let's go."

"But remember, the next step is an extremely dangerous place. As a staff member of the West Temple, I can't help you too much, but if you can, you should leave now." The female voice spoke slowly, and there seemed to be a trace of guilt in her voice.

"The old ghost of the earth spirit..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and naturally knew what the mysterious powerhouse meant, and immediately bowed respectfully to him, and immediately turned to the domain exit, the red sign in the southernmost part of the temple.

"His grandmother, the south, middle and north of this temple may be the hiding places of the Lord of Li Soul, but the breath of the Lord of Li Soul should not be in the southernmost part. If so, this trip may be a waste. Time is running out, and at the snail-like speed of this kid, when will the ghost world be resolved..."

"Even if I waited, the master can't wait any longer, no, no, it seems that I have to help him." As soon as the voice fell, a green aura suddenly went in the opposite direction of Xiao Yan.

The two of Xiao Yan are about to reach the far south and there are five housing spaces in the far south to the center of the temple, and there are even ten spaces in the far north. It became extremely calm. After all, none of the powerhouses who lived in these fifteen spaces was stronger than the Eight-star Fighting Immortal. Therefore, when he was looking for someone to enter the southernmost point, the Black Devil Dragon Wolf had already subdued and driven away the enemies along the way. , so at this time the road became empty, only waiting for Xiao Yan and the two to arrive one after another.

"That mysterious powerhouse just now..." The two left the second level and followed a path towards the southernmost part of the temple.

At this time, there was a square in the passage, with dim lights on the surrounding walls, and the two walked quietly on the road.

"This mysterious powerhouse is an old friend of mine who taught at Earth Spirit Academy." Xiao Yan helplessly laughed, and immediately shrugged.

Xiao Yan also knew a little about many things about the old ghost, but now they have all left safely.

"Further down, it's the red sign at the southernmost edge of the temple."

"The red sign is basically an independent space. I don't know what kind of power it has, but for the two of us, it's extremely dangerous." After a while, the two walked to the end of the trail and looked at the splendor in front of them. The bronze giant gate, You Er said.

"No matter what kind of danger, this time, we must break through." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the dazzling flames filled his body, and immediately collapsed against the giant bronze gate, with a slight push with his palm.

"Clang!" With a sound, the giant bronze door was gently pushed open by it, and then a solemn aura gently diffused out.

This breath, like a hegemon, and like a real master, is terrifying, and even the pores of the whole body shrink involuntarily!

Is this southernmost space really the retreat of the Lord of Souls...