Chapter Vol 4 1697: Soul Power!

"This guy... is so terrifying." Seeing Xiao Yan standing here like a **** of war, the corners of Yuan Feng's mouth couldn't help but become dry. Who would have thought that this guy who looked the most insipid was their group. The most powerful being among people.

Until now, Yuan Feng only vaguely knew that this guy may have a very deep relationship with Queen Hao Ni'er.

"Thousands of Water Prisoners!" In an instant, Li Yuan's body filled with dazzling water attributes, and a loud shout resounded throughout the void.

"Acacia Flame Territory!" After a while, Xiao Yan roared.

The Acacia Flame Domain is filled with a very special Acacia power, and the special effect of this domain is to increase one's own level of strength and weaken the enemy's level of strength.

"How could it be possible..." With Xiao Yan's voice, the power of the two Xu Xuan instantly dropped from the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Xian to the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Xian, but it was Xiao Yan's power that easily broke through the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Xian!

"Boom!" After a brief surprise, Li Yuan's hand, a soft-colored water cage, swelled instantly, and immediately shot it away.

"Squeak." With a sound, Xiao Yan, relying on the strength of the fighting spirit all over his body and the Dragon God Transformation, gently lifted his arm covered with dragon scales, and waved it towards the water system imprisonment.

"How could it be possible..." Seeing Xiao Yan dissipating his attack so easily, Li Yuan's face couldn't help but turn ugly.

"Rock Thorn!" After a short while, countless khaki-yellow rocks suddenly filled Xiao Yan's body from the bottom, and the sharpness might be able to easily obliterate Xiao Yan.

"Rock Breaking Heaven Burial!" Seeing such a tyrannical giant thorn in the rock, Xiao Yan's figure jumped suddenly, and immediately, a khaki flame filled his body, and then a tyrannical suction force directly sucked these rocks together. A steady stream of round rocks turned into a mush, but the destructive power that filled the rocks was stronger than before.

"Give it back to you!" After a few breaths, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and slapped his palm viciously at him. Suddenly, the huge rock condensed by the Shattered Heaven Burial brought an unstoppable aura, chasing after the two of them!

"Bang bang bang!" Xu Xuan and Li Yuan joined forces at the same time, and the dazzling fighting qi gathered in front of them, forming a tyrannical defensive light shield, which barely resisted Xiao Yan's attack, but it is so, two People are also a little palpitated by this terrifying fluctuation.

The guy in the middle stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, who used to be able to easily kill himself, but today his strength has skyrocketed, and his combat power is even more abnormal.

"Xiao Yan, young warriors, these two are very strong. I will stop one and kill him as soon as possible. Otherwise, once the elders of the Senate find out, our situation may be..." Man, Yuan Feng, who had regained some grudge, said.

Xiao Yan's current strength and combat effectiveness have indeed increased exponentially, but Xu Xuan and Li Yuan are both old, so although they have been defeated, they have been maintaining their battle situation, and once Xiao Yan improves his strength, the secret method When the time comes, the results are self-evident.

"Okay." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he was overjoyed immediately. His current situation was indeed what Yuan Feng thought, and in order not to disturb the strong men of the Senate, he did not dare to use too much of the power of Sheng Yan for a while. The power that Yan currently controls is not enough to truly threaten the Six-Star Fighting Immortal powerhouse, so it is deadlocked.

"Xu Xuan..." In the pink field, a smear of pink liquid separated Yuan Feng and Li Yuan away, Xiao Yan licked the corner of his mouth, became hot, and laughed.

"Humph……"

"It's just a waste with the help of a secret method. When I arrest you, I'll see how mad you are!"

"Rock armor!" For a time, there were only himself and Xiao Yan here. A khaki-yellow rock appeared on Xu Xuan's body. Immediately, under Xiao Yan's gaze, it turned into a khaki-yellow rock armor. The rock armor was filled with a trace of light. The special texture of the silk soul beast seems to indicate its extraordinaryness.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"Move the Sky Ruler!" Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan was thoughtful, and the Ancient Fire Ruler in his hand slashed directly at it.

"..." The seemingly ferocious flame ruler did not leave any traces on the rock armor, instead, it was as innocuous as playing a house.

"Hahaha!"

"Now, it's your turn..."

"Giant rock blade!" Seeing Xiao Yan's dazed look, Xu Yun laughed loudly, and a delicate knife appeared in his hand. The knife was like a dagger, but it was sharp in the front and back, with a handle in the middle. A heavy breath came out.

"It seems that I can only use that." Seeing this, Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly. He didn't have too strong fighting skills, and it seemed quite difficult to fight at higher levels. The battle power of the rank is not bad, but if you go beyond the rank, you will be a little powerless...

"Rock Blade!" Zaidu snorted coldly, and immediately looked at Xiao Yan who was standing quietly in the air, motionless, his figure suddenly skyrocketed, holding the khaki small blade in his hand, and assassinating Xiao Yan's Tianling cover!

Such a terrifying offensive, if it is really hit, I am afraid that not dying is also a real serious injury!

"You Ming Tianxuan!" Just when Xu Xuan felt that he would win, the corners of his mouth were slowly rising, his palm was less than one meter away from Xiao Yantian's spiritual cover, and a special sound like a bird chirping filled the entire pink field.

"..." For a time, being shaken by the sound, Xu Xuan's figure and the movements in his hands immediately slowed down.

"Pfft!"

"It's over." After the blink of an eye, a huge ruler surrounded by countless flames directly penetrated Xu Xuan's body, and immediately a dominating voice filled out.

"Puff puff!"

"Soul attack..." A big mouthful of strange blood overflowed from the corner of Xu Xun's mouth his face became very pale, and even a trace of fiery red flames continued to burn in the chest penetrated by Xiao Yan. The bones hummed.

If a ghost in the ghost world encounters a fatal attack, it will also spew out a ghost source. The ghost source looks like human blood. The general effect is now that Xu Yun's ghost source is lost in a big mouth and disappears completely. It is only a matter of time.

"No!" Seeing this, Li Yuan, who was entangled by Yuan Feng, snarled, his pupils shrank tightly.

"Xiao Yan, next time..." Seeing himself like this, Xu Min snorted coldly, and then his body became illusory, and the dazzling space power above his palm filled the air.

Space scroll, this guy wants to run!

"Want to run?"

"Immortal fire!" Seeing Xu Xuan's scene, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and the dazzling fire of immortality emerged directly, and then easily ignited Xu Xuan completely. It directly turned into nothingness, with only a trace of soul origin, which was injected into the body of the fighting spirit.

At that time, the powerhouse in the middle stage of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal suddenly fell into Xiao Yan's hands.

"You're going to die too..." Seeing Xiao Yan's attack like this, Yuan Feng sneered, and with the help of Li Yuan's absent-minded moment, he let go of the devastating attack and roared away.

For a time, the three six-star fighting immortal powerhouses guarding Yuanhe were completely smashed here.