Chapter Vol 4 1972: Intelligence, Soul Palace is not Soul Palace?

"Ah ah ah!" The heart-piercing roar was slowly vented here. Suddenly, Xu Shao, who was beside Yan Yan, flew back to the two soul bodies with the momentum of thunder. The soul body that was cut off by Xiao Yan was spliced ​​together again, but unfortunately he still underestimated the power of the holy flame and the ancient ruler.

"Little bastard, I will definitely not let you go next time!" The blood-colored pattern had just returned to the soul body, and suddenly the two soul bodies showed signs of fusion, and even Xiao Yan's holy flame weakened. An eerie voice emerged.

Seeing that Xu Shao was about to kill Feng Wan'er, the key to the guardian in the past, the perfect eight-star Dou Xian Yanfeng, was directly suppressed by Xiao Yan, which was something Xu Shao never expected.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Yan imprisoned Xu Shao's second group's soul body, and ten seals squirmed together. No matter how tyrannical he was, he couldn't break it.

"Tell me...what are these undead magic and resurrection magic?" Xiao Yan enveloped the souls of Xu Shao's last two groups with holy flames and said slightly, with a rare touch of perseverance in his voice. .

"Go and dream!"

"Soul self-destruction!" Xu Shao snorted coldly, the blood-colored lines directly transformed into countless energy, and then vaguely ignited the second group of soul power, ready to explode.

"Soul flame, swallow it for me!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and a strange ghost-faced soul flame spread out from the amber flame, half of Xu Shao's soul power was completely annihilated.

"The guys in the Soul Palace are just a group of old men. They will naturally understand what I am doing in the future."

"Pfft." After Xu Shao said all of this, his body actually trembled, and then the blood-colored lines suddenly burst out with a faint force, turning into a pool of blood!

That short-lived power not only contains the power of faith, but also the power of foreign evil races!

"Damn... I'm careless!" Although Xiao Yan made his move in time, he was still a step too late.

However, this Xu Shao is the body of the soul, and there is no corpse. I am afraid that this time it is a real fall. Even this kind of strange resurrection magic can not be completely resurrected. Of course, Xiao Yan has no problem with this kind of problem. , is also half-understood.

"Haha, the strength of the guardians of the Xiao family, today can be regarded as a taste, it is really extraordinary."

"As expected of the guardian known as the steward of the Xiao family." At this moment, with the complete fall of Xu Shao, the quiet Yan Yan's body became vaguely illusory, and immediately smiled, a sense of vicissitudes , emerges.

"This is?" Su Xueying wondered.

"The caster should be Xu Shao. Now that the caster is dead, this sorcery is on the verge of collapse."

"I can't imagine that it can kill the caster because of sorcery... But what does this guy seem to want to tell us?" Xiao Yan murmured, and even Yan Yan's eyes no longer had the violence of the past, instead, there was a touch of rare of softness.

"If that's the case, then get out of here, you are not welcome here." Feng Wan'er heard the Xiao Clan two people in Yan Yan's mouth, and the chilling air became more arrogant, and snorted coldly, with a dissatisfied look.

"Hey, although I'm about to disappear, it's just because of my mind. I advise you here to be careful of the center of the human world and the **** world."

"And this kind of resurrection magic, according to my memory when I woke up, it's not just the few of us... Of course, the Soul Palace and Soul Clan today seem to be very different from the past, but I can't say it specifically, I'm afraid you still need your own. Go and explore."

"Today's Soul Palace is no longer the Soul Palace. It's like some big man is controlling and guiding."

"Also... the relationship between your Xiao clan and the guardians, I am afraid that some people are deliberately provoking, I hope you don't fall for it." Yan Yan pretended to be lofty and said, obviously his long-cherished wish was only to compete with the strong Xiao clan. Fighting against each other, but fighting against Feng Wan'er today, let him resolve all these worries, and when he completely fell, he couldn't help but say to the few people in front of him.

Because the Xiao Clan is a giant race from ancient times to the present, Yan Yan can be regarded as a deadly enemy, but even so, he is not the same as the Xiao Clan's decline. Too much.

"Die." Hearing Yan Yan's words, Feng Wan'er raised her hand slightly, and an extremely cold arrow of ice burst out, piercing through the void and hitting Yan Yan easily.

"Pfft." With a sound, Yan Yan's body and coffin turned into powder all over the sky and disappeared here.

At the same time, this time, the plan also ended with Xu Shao's fall. The other guys who were resurrected also disappeared with Xu Shao's fall, but why was Xu Shao able to summon and resurrect several people? Why can the resurrection magic be realized, all kinds of mysteries are also submerged under water.

For a time, this mountain area where the guardians live has regained its due tranquility, but these few days of battle, I am afraid it will take a lot of time to recover.

At this time, the top of the mountain was on the plaza, and the breeze was blowing. On the entire mountain plaza, there were only three people. The three faced each other quietly. No one spoke first, but the other two were aware of the turbulent energy in Feng Wan'er's body. The evil spirit, and the source of this evil spirit is clearly Xiao Yan.

"Mother..." After a long time, Su Xueying spoke softly. She knew the character and resentment of the mistress, and also knew that once Xiao Yan's true identity was revealed, she would probably die without a place to be buried. Relief.

"Xue'er, go back, I still have something important to know with your friend." Feng Wan'er's body slowly turned her back to the past, and an unquestionable and majestic voice came out.

"You...you go." At this moment, looking at the mistress with such a determined attitude, Su Xueying came to Xiao Yan and spoke slightly.

"I won't go." Xiao Yan shook his head and said, although he has little vindictive energy left in his body now, but the matter has reached the current stage, obviously as a descendant of the Xiao family, Xiao Yan has no shirk.

"But then you will die!" Su Xueying couldn't help roaring, Xiao Yan helped her several times, she must not be a ruthless and unrighteous person, her eyes were red, she obviously couldn't understand why Xiao Yan would question this.

"But I have to do it."

"If you want to ask why, it's probably because I'm a man."

"And he's still a descendant of the Xiao family!" Xiao Yan's voice was low and contained a rare calmness, which drifted away for a long time.

As Xiao Yan's voice fell, a murderous aura that suffocated Xiao Yan suddenly solidified the entire void on the old man in front of him!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: