Chapter Vol 4 1601: Clear!

in the realm of darkness.

"Damn... such a hot wave... is this the big brother coming?" In the water prison, Xiao Gui was bathed in water all over his body, but fortunately he was isolated by ghost qi, so he was not affected by these strange water. Contaminated, but with a faint sense of strength and blood, I noticed that a familiar wave slowly emerged above the water prison, and immediately said.

"Pfft!" With a sound, immediately above the water prison, a rock suddenly fell.

"Who... This breath seems familiar?" Xiao Gui barely sensed that someone had entered here, and muttered to himself.

The water prison is located below the Qingshan Peak, and above it is a flat land composed of fast rocks, so few people here know about it.

"Xiao...Xiao Gui, where are you?" Suddenly, a soft female voice slowly filled the entire water prison.

"Dream... Menglan?"

"No, I can't let Menglan see me in such a mess." After Shunxi, Xiao Gui held back the joy in his heart and said.

It's just that Luo Menglan was carrying gray power at this time, so it was only a matter of time before he wanted to find Xiao Gui.

On the other side, in the realm of darkness, with the end of the explosion.

"Why didn't you look like this when you sent someone to arrest Xiao Gui to interrogate him?"

"I'm afraid now?" Xiao Yan gently walked over to Ling Yu with the power of two holy flames that purify all things, but every step he took, it was with a very violent aura. This kind of breath, like a fierce beast, is quite terrifying.

"Little bastard, since you insist on doing this, don't take it easy if you want me to die!"

"Boom!" Ling Yu is also a ruthless person. While speaking, he did not hesitate to consume his own blood essence, directly triggering his life essence and blood, and completely self-destructed.

"Bang bang bang!" A burst of fiery red flames and black evil power spread out from the center of Ling Yu's standing, and even this sky is full of extremely terrifying fluctuations, such a bright evil force, even ordinary The powerhouses in the late stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals could only retreat.

"I said, you can't run away." Xiao Yan smiled when he saw this, and the huge body of the guardian of the Thunder and Fire Hell suddenly stepped forward to protect himself, preventing the power of self-destruction from endangering himself, and immediately Show off the two holy flames, and directly wrap up this exploding space!

In this way, even if this Ling Yu has three heads and six arms, he can't run.

"Boom!" In an instant, Ling Yu's whole body exploded, and the violent energy it generated turned out to be filled with a sense of solemnity in this dark world.

"Squeak." As soon as the aftermath of the self-destruction dissipated, an illusory soul body suddenly appeared in the void. This soul body was Ling Yu, but the current Ling Yu was extremely sluggish.

"Damn... I actually let me blew myself up and lost so much of my source power. When I go back this time, I must let Lord Demon Emperor beat you!"

"Next time, I must get all the shame of today back!" The voice of resentment emerged from the illusory soul body, Ling Yu cleared it, and the inevitable defeat cannot be solved, but the remaining Qingshan is not afraid of not being able to. He still understands the truth of firewood.

"Spirit-devouring blood tablet, suppress me!" Just as Ling Yu's soul body was trying to escape, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and a huge blood-red stone tablet suddenly appeared, and immediately suppressed Ling Yu under the illusion!

"Ahhh!"

"Bastard!" When Ling Yu saw this, it was too late to try to escape, so he could only let out a thunderous roar and then use his soul power to protect himself, but compared with Xiao Yan's, Ling Yu's soul power was 108,000 miles worse than that of Xiao Yan. Just superfluous.

"Bang bang bang!" With a sound, Ling Yu was immediately suppressed and restrained by the Spirit Devouring Blood Monument, unable to move.

"This blow is to avenge Xiao Gui!" The fist wrapped in the khaki-colored holy flame directly hit Ling Yu under the illusion. Immediately, Ling Yu's body suddenly shook, and countless powers shattered. Obviously, the original soul Injured again.

"This blow is for you, as a genius in the courtyard, but colluding with the forces of the evil race outside the territory to do things that hurt the world!"

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, a fist with cyan holy flame was hitting.

"Ahhhh!" Being hit by the two holy flames and suppressed by the Spirit Devouring Blood Monument, Ling Yu's complexion suddenly turned hideous. Obviously, the power of these three forces continued to hide him, and he suddenly became extremely weak.

The current self has reached the realm of exhaustion.

"If it weren't for you, I'm afraid that you have been obliterated by me at this time, but even so, I can't spare you easily!"

"Boom!" The palm of his hand was raised gently, and suddenly the weak soul Ling Yu was directly absorbed by Xiao Yan into his sea of ​​vindictiveness.

"Little bastard, one day... I will step on you!" Being suppressed by Xiao Yan, Ling Yu could only let out a roar.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan finished the battle here, and immediately turned his eyes to the high altitude of the realm of darkness, watching the battle between the Soul Eater and the Demon Emperor Siye.

"Your body master seems to be no match for my disciple." The Soul Eater saw Xiao Yan's actions, and immediately smiled with satisfaction. Obviously, the power of this level of Thunder and Fire Hell's guardian is enough to make Xiao Yan in the four-star battle of immortals. Cope with ease.

"Master of Soul Eater, don't be mad!"

"Next time we meet in Du, our crime will definitely make you unable to eat and walk around!" In the dim light group, the Demon Emperor Siye let out a loud shout and spoke slowly. Suppression, his original power also seems rather weak.

"Humph!"

"The mere 'sin' is trying to be compared with my Soul Eater It's too much to think of you!"

"Fall!" The voice of the Master of Soul Eater just fell, and the dazzling power of devouring emerged all over his body, and immediately rushed towards the Demon Emperor Siye with that mysterious power!

"Siye Demon Eclipse Hand!" Seeing this, the dark-colored light group shook violently, and immediately all the power burst out, turning into a hundred-zhang demonic hand in front of him.

Above the magic hand, the meaning of terrifying lament emerged, and even **** bubbles that were as violent as lava continued to emerge, which made it extremely evil.

"It's over." Seeing this, Soul Eater did not hesitate, and the power of devouring suddenly moved.

"Crash!" No matter how tyrannical the Demon Emperor Siye's attack is, it is only a trace of the power of the source after all. Compared with the power of the Soul Eater, it is undoubtedly one in the sky and one underground, so it is easily swallowed up by the power. devour.

"Reincarnation... how can the fluctuation of reincarnation be possible?" In an instant, when the magic hand was about to be submerged, the Demon Emperor Siye let out a roar. Obviously, in the power of devouring, he sensed the fluctuation of reincarnation. Although it is extremely weak, it actually exists.

"..." After a while, the world of darkness was completely calm, but that Ling Yu was completely suppressed and subdued by Xiao Yan, and even a trace of the origin of the Demon Emperor Siye entrusted in Ling Yu's body was also devoured. The Lord of Souls was completely wiped out.