Chapter Vol 4 2192: Rush to the battlefield!

"you you you!"

"This young lady is the pride of the Western tribe. If you dare to do anything wrong to me, my sister will definitely not be able to spare you!"

Being so provoked by Xiao Yan's words, there was obvious panic on Aisha's little face, and the elf aura on her body instantly subsided.

"Tsk tsk... This graceful figure is truly a gift from nature."

Xiao Yan saw that this guy hadn't realized the seriousness of the matter, so he immediately raised his palm, followed the side of Aisha's lower jaw, and slowly pulled the pulley down.

"Sisi!"

Even with the isolation of clothes, being touched by Xiao Yan at such a distance, Aisha's delicate body trembled abruptly, the hairs all over her body stood on end, and a touch of fear came to her heart!

The elves are mostly female elves, and their beauty and appearance are the best choice, which has also caused their extreme love for their bodies, and even created a kind of almost twisted cleanliness. This kind of love is in the possession of royal family. It is more obvious among the blood elves.

Therefore, their delicate bodies have already become their restricted areas, and they cannot be touched.

"Wong buzzing!"

In the distance, Ciel's eyes were red, like a beast who wanted to attack Xiao Yan, but unfortunately, under the shackles of the formation pattern and the power of the holy flame, he couldn't move at all.

"Tsk tsk."

Xiao Yan followed the trend, no matter whether it was Xiao Liu's waist that Ying Ying held, or her long, slender and **** legs, and her perfectly exposed feet, all of them had unique charm, but Xiao Yan's eyes were lost at this moment, as if I was hooked by the girl in front of me.

"Ah ah ah!"

After a while, Aisha suddenly went mad and yelled, her beautiful long hair standing upside down, as terrifying as fried hair!

"enough!"

"What do you want to know!"

Aisha was so embarrassed that she could do nothing to Xiao Yan, she roared angrily, her beautiful eyes stared at Xiao Yan fiercely, wishing to eat Xiao Yan alive.

"That's right."

"I don't want to know much. The general strength of your West Tribe and Alice's actual strength."

Xiao Yan retracted his palm, but Xiao Yan vaguely sensed that his actions just now seemed a little impulsive?

It is a pity that Xiao Yan naturally does not know that above the royal bloodline of the elves, especially the female elves are the most prominent, more or less will have some charming and attractive power, plus Xiao Yan's anxiety towards Xiao Yi, so Attracted by the mysterious power of Aisha, I did this kind of thing in a moment of loss.

However, Xiao Yan didn't even know that for elves to do such a thing, it was no less than the matter of men and women living in the same room in the human world.

"Among the Fire Elf Western Tribe, Sister Alice's strength has reached the first level of reincarnation. She is one of the three main contenders for the heir to the Fire Elf clan. Both attack and defense are comparable to the peak level of the first level."

"As for the other personnel, there are two first-level reincarnations, and a number of eight-star fighting immortals."

Aisha gritted her teeth, even if she was bound by the energy Tengman, she struggled violently, like a rebellious little wild cat, full of wildness.

"Just like that?"

Xiao Yan was dumbfounded, it seemed that this was not what he expected.

"Hehe, Sir Xiao Yan doesn't know that, among the three major tribes, there are chiefs and elders of their own tribes, but for the election of the successor, the powerhouses who are now stronger than Samsara have all been called to the northern fire elves. in the headquarters."

"The remaining three tribes are based on three competitors to form their own forces. This is also the rule set by the fire elves during the election period, and the rules will be followed for generations."

Jiuxin hurriedly explained to Xiao Yan.

"I see."

"Let's go, then go to Xiao Yi first."

Xiao Yan nodded, it seemed that the next itinerary would become extremely interesting.

"What about these two guys?"

Jiuxin asked, after all, this Aisha's identity is not low, and if the kind of thing Xiao Yan did just now, if it were passed back to the Western Tribe, I am afraid it would lead to a complete war between the two tribes.

"Let's just kill it... Save the trouble."

Xiao Yan said indifferently.

"Hey Hey hey!"

Hearing Xiao Yan's decisiveness, Aisha's face even showed a hint of consternation.

The eldest young lady of the dignified western tribe, with the blood of the fire elves royal family, and calling for wind and rain in the fire elves family, how could she be like an unimportant figure here?

Said to kill... just kill?

"Why... do you have an opinion?"

The fierce attack in Xiao Yan's hands had already been brewing, the amber flame was burning violently, and he immediately looked at Aisha with a smile, with a harmless look on his face!

"I am..."

"No, no, no!"

"I'm Sister Alice's younger sister. You take me with you. Sister, she will definitely give you some water, so you can't kill me."

At this time, Aisha's little brain seemed to have learned to be smart, and even discussed it with Xiao Yan.

"so……"

Xiao Yan spoke out, making a thoughtful appearance.

"You can't kill us, you have to take us and keep us safe."

"Of course, you can use this to blackmail sister Alice. My sister and I have a very good relationship, and she will definitely not ignore me."

Aisha pouted and said, but this incident made her hate and angry.

"Okay, let's knock it out and take it away."

"As for this guy, it's a scourge to keep it, so he'll be stunned and sent back to your western tribe."

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he performed his movements skillfully, knocking them out instantly, and immediately asked Jiuxin to formulate a void route, and directly formulated a ray of energy to send Xier back. After all, Xiao Yan wants to play a long line and fish big fish.

As for Aisha, she carries it with her for emergencies.

Just like this, the two of them accelerated their speed and went directly to the fire elf station, the sea of ​​sky space.

"Whoa!"

In the quiet space, without the interference of other people, Xiao Yan and the two were extremely fast, but it would take some time to spare.

At this time, a flaming stone on Jiuxin's body suddenly erupted with an extremely harsh humming sound as if there was some movement.

"what is this?"

Xiao Yan smelled a trace of ancient fluctuations from the flame stone.

"This is the induction stone in our tribe. It seems that someone is in the void under our feet?"

"My lord, are you shattering the void, let's get out of here."

"Aisha and the others came here, I'm afraid they are eager to make a contribution. I'm worried that if my news is leaked, I will be caught by the guys from the western tribe at the exit of the passage."

Jiuxin looked at the void around him and said tremblingly.

"Okay!"

Xiao Yan raised his eyes and looked at the light mouth of the space channel in the distance. For some reason, there was a trace of extremely strange fluctuations. After seeing Jiuxin's expression and expression, he nodded immediately.

"go."

"Just let me get to know the so-called fire elves."

Xiao Yan's hands were filled with dazzling amber flames, and then he suddenly hit the void passage, the void shattered, and before the time turbulent flow emerged, the two bodies directly submerged into it, but when they disappeared, in order to hide people's eyes and ears, they were still there. Make the void intact as before, so as to hide the sky and cross the sea.

In this way, Xiao Yan and the three did not reach the exit of the space passage of the Xiaoyi tribe, and directly shattered the void in the middle and entered the space of the sea of ​​the sky of the fire elves.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: