Chapter 72: Devour the energy of yin and yang heart!

Inside the main hall, Xiao Yan suddenly opened his eyes with ecstasy surging in his eyes.

"Success?"

The Golden Dragon King, who had been following Xiao Yan all the time, was stunned when he saw him like this, and then he laughed a little. The trace of dragon energy from the Yin-Yang Profound Dragon Pill just now merged with the blood-thirsty dragon lizard's blood essence.

"It seems that the violent aura in it has been refined and purified." Xiao Yan also took the lead. This refining process did not seem to be as difficult as he imagined.

"It seems to be the effect of different fire and thunder." The golden dragon king's eyes showed a look of contemplation. After a while, he said slowly, he also did not expect that the powerful power contained in both flame and thunder, for this kind of power. Possessing negative emotions has such a powerful restraining effect. Originally, according to its expectations, Xiao Yan wanted to refine the violence in the merged pure Yinguang group, and it would take at least a few days of hard work. However, The process in front of him was shortened tenfold.

Xiao Yan also nodded slightly. He had felt it during the refining process. The effect of Jiu Xuan Jin Lei on the violent emotions was too strong. So easy.

"Now that the Pure Yinguang Group has been refined, the next step of fusion can be carried out..."

"It's the fusion of yin and yang, which is somewhat inferior, I don't know how far it can reach." The Golden Dragon King also spoke slowly.

The so-called yin and yang heart is the condensed blood of a strong person's whole life, and is only inferior to a powerful treasure like essence and blood!

And the biggest effect of yin and yang is to help people break through the current bottleneck!

Xiao Yan is also clear that now is the last step to devour this yin and yang heart, so that the fighting qi in the body and the yin and yang heart are blended to form a tacit understanding, and then the power of the yin and yang heart will be merged. How far can the condensed yin and yang hearts make oneself reach?

Thinking of this, Xiao Yan also had some expectations and closed his eyes again.

At this moment, in his body, there are two black and one white light groups exuding warm and moist power entrenched in the slowly squirming, as if they have life.

The pure yin energy that was decomposed by the Yin-Yang Xuanlong Pill no longer resisted Xiao Yan's control. Therefore, he just had a thought, and the black yin-yang heart light group that had been suppressed floated out. The people met fiercely.

"Boom boom boom!"

The pure yin energy in the Yin-Yang Xuanlong Pill and the pure yang energy of the black yin-yang heart just met, as if they had a strong attraction to each other, they converged together.

In the light group, there is black in white, and white in black.

After that, the entire light group floated out of Nashi, turned into countless bloodshots, and swept away all the blood vessels in Xiao Yan's body.

"Chichi!"

The pure power covered the blood vessels, and then a trace of infiltration entered, and in an instant it merged with the blood in it.

"Crench!"

At the moment when the two strands of blood met, Xiao Yan clearly felt that his body, as if he had been injected with a bulking agent, suddenly became stronger, and under his skin... The extremely moving and terrifying power was rushing frantically like horned dragons, trying to rush out of the body, venting such terrifying destructive power.

At this moment, Xiao Yan's eyes also had a trace of crimson blood, and the blood-red eyes were still filled with calmness.

Xiao Yan's body abruptly stood up on the surface of his body, and streaks of milky white sheen emerged from Xiao Yi's body on the shoulders. From a distance, it looked like the iron-blooded Asura crawling out of hell, exuding a ferocious power.

"What a powerful force..." Xiao Yan felt that the huge force of yin and yang slowly moisturizing the whole body, and then the force in the body also skyrocketed at this moment.

The mid-term peak of Samsung Dou Di!

The late Samsung Dou Di!

The peak of the late Samsung Dou Di!

The true pinnacle of Samsung Dou Di! It is only one step away from that four-star Dou Emperor!

Feeling the madly surging pure energy in his body and the soaring power at this time, a ecstatic smile appeared on Xiao Yan's face. He could feel that now, with this body alone, he might be He can compete with the powerhouses of the four-star Dou Emperor. If he uses different fires and fighting skills, even if he is facing the powerhouses of the early stage of the Four-star Dou Emperor, he still has the confidence to fight head-on!

"Yes, the strength of the three-star Dou Di peak, if the real combination of yin and yang will obviously break through the four-star." The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

"Bang!"

"Damn it! How can there be so much power!"

Xiao Yan also did not expect that the energy contained in the yin and yang heart condensed by the seven-star Dou Di powerhouse was so terrifying, because his physical quality could not support it!

"Damn it! The body can't absorb such a powerful force, it's going to explode..." Xiao Yan also felt that something was wrong after the yin and yang hearts merged with each other. If this absorption continues, Xiao Yan's body will definitely explode. Although Dou Di is not afraid of the destruction of the body, the big deal is to make a new body, but in this way, the soul will also be damaged.

Once the soul is injured, it will hurt the source!

Just when Xiao Yan was desperately suppressing the power that was about to overflow in his body, Xiao Yi who was on his shoulders babbled.

"Pass out the excess energy to me." Xiao Yi also said.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he was also slightly startled But there was no other way at the moment, so he had to control the huge energy that came out of his body.

Huge black and white energy poured out of Xiao Yan's body crazily, and just as it appeared on Xiao Yan's body, it was absorbed by Xiao Yi in a big mouth. To Xiao Yi, it seemed to be the purest Yin-Yang heart. Energy is the best supplement.

Xiao Yi's milky white body like a baby had a tiny black and white aura flowing.

"Huhuhu!" After the last trace of energy in his body was absorbed by Xiao Yi, Xiao Yan also calmed down, frowning and looking at Xiao Yi worriedly, would something go wrong after it absorbed such a huge amount of energy...

After looking at it for a while, she found out which energy Xiao Yi was adjusting, and then carefully looked at her body.

Xiao Yan kicked out with a kick. Immediately, the stone steps behind him were directly blasted into powder by his kick. Immediately, another set of punches was fired. Suddenly, in the hall, the air burst, and there were invisible streaks. The air cannon was formed under Xiao Yan's fist, and roared on the surrounding stone walls, making bursts of roars.

"boom!"

Xiao Yan punched out, and the bronze door blocking the entrance of the hole did not burst open like tofu, but it was normal, and the guardian stone door of the seven-star Dou Emperor was not ordinary.

His figure flashed, and he let the faint trace of sunlight pour onto his body, and then, with the extreme joy in his heart, he finally couldn't help but raised his head to the sky and howled like a sound wave, sending some rocks nearby, There were tiny cracks all over the place.

She turned her head and looked at Su Xueying's cyan light group, it seemed that she was still swallowing it, and then she turned to look at Xiao Yi.

"Um?"

"Master, what's wrong with Xiao Yi?" Xiao Yan turned his head to see Xiao Yi who was drowsy and couldn't help asking in shock.