Chapter Vol 4 1931: Angel, the last enemy!

The latest website: "Weng Om!" The entire sky was flickering with an incomparably evil and hot breath, and immediately the entire Demon Suppression Prison, countless evil spirits were purified, and vaguely the evil power of this Demon Suppressing Prison disappeared quickly. .

"Strange, how come most of the evil creatures in this town demon prison are missing?"

"What the **** is going on here?" Behind a quiet rock, a figure muttered slightly. With her powerful perception and extreme disgust for evil, this perception could not go wrong...

But... what the **** is going on here?

"Forget it, I didn't expect the two white kings to escape. It was a miscalculation."

"But these guys can't be let go."

"The descendants of the Xiao clan, the reincarnation of the king of beasts, the demon of light, the black evil dragon and wolf, it seems to be a great harvest." The light voice fell, and suddenly the white wings behind it waved gently, an incomparable streak. The divine aura slowly formed a huge cage, quietly approaching Xiao Yan and the others.

The strength of this handsome figure is not bad. The silver-white armor on his body outlines his enchanting figure, and even a pair of white rain boots under his feet, invisibly exudes an extremely sacred atmosphere. , an extremely soft intimacy arises spontaneously, but in his unwavering eyes, there is a trace of fanaticism, and even on his clean face, there is a touch of contempt!

That is contempt for all things in the world!

"Damn... actually let them run away." Seeing the two white king powerhouses escape easily now, Xiao Yan frowned and lost his voice.

"Hey...it's better to go." The Heishan Longlang shook his head slowly, but even if the two white kings left here, their brows were still furrowed, and it seemed that even greater challenges awaited them.

"The two white kings have escaped from the seal of the Demon Suppression Prison, and now I am afraid they are facing the deeper Demon Suppression Prison."

"There is a Red King there." After a while, the Heishan Longlang spoke softly, his voice filled with a hint of deep fear.

"The Red King?" Xiao Yan muttered.

"That Red King, even among the powerhouses of the evil race from outside the realm, is strong enough to rank in the top ten."

"It's a real reincarnation."

"Looking at the entire demon world, apart from the old monsters in the center of the demon world, I am afraid that only the master can defeat them."

"And now that the master has been sealed, once the Red King breaks his madness, with the power of the demon world that we are fighting each other, I am afraid that the demon world will be destroyed by the wrath of the Red King." Heishan Longlang continued to speak.

"The Red King...Is it very strong?" Xiao Yan's eyes shrank tightly, he could smell a very dignified oppression from the mouths of such powerful men as Heishan Longlang.

"Very strong."

"With a red king, I am afraid it is enough to sweep the entire demon world today."

"Because even among the foreign evil races, the number of red kings is probably the number of hands." Heishan Longlang muttered.

"In that case, let's go."

"The break of the demon emperor is imminent." Xiao Yan stroked the flame beast gently with his palm. It seemed that with the departure of the two kings, it was also turning into a dissimilar one, quietly staying by Xiao Yan's side, but now it has aura in its body. Quite weak, obviously the battle of that level just now consumed a lot of its strength.

"I'm afraid... things are not so simple." At this moment, the demon of light slowly shook his head, his beautiful eyes filled with deep meaning and intriguing.

"Do you know why I didn't pick you up when you entered the Demon Realm?" Heishan Longlang looked at the sky, a trace of light flashing, but he was powerless.

"Because at that time, I went to save the Demon Mistress of Light."

"And in the following time, we were all avoiding the pursuit of a madman." Speaking of this, countless rays of light suddenly appeared in the entire sky. Those rays of light were like the light of dawn, sacred and gentle, and they slowly Emerging from the horizon, it immediately converged to the sky, forming a tens of thousands of meters of light cages!

Without any warning, Xiao Yan was directly imprisoned to death, unable to move at all, as if they were bound to the same place by a gentle light!

"Angel!" Seeing this familiar aura, Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly shrank in unison, and he said vigilantly.

At this moment, the countless questions that plagued Xiao Yan were also easily resolved.

"Ow!" In an instant, the flaming beast was like a great enemy, and the beast's eyes were staring at the end of the light's imprisonment, where there was a beautiful figure that was above all things, emerging slightly.

"This time, I'm afraid disaster is imminent." Wan Yaowang has always stood beside the Heishan Dragon Wolf, and now he understands this irresistible light cage and the shock in everyone's heart.

"I am an angel!"

"It is the messenger who maintains justice in the world."

"The five of you have been included in the wanted list of my angels list, so let's catch them." The high-pitched Sanskrit voice came out from there to Qianying, and immediately there was not much evil aura left in the entire town demon prison. , disappeared in an instant!

"This **** angel!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help roaring with a pale face.

With Xiao Yan's strength, even crushing the Devil's Cube, I am afraid it cannot shake this angel!

Because Xiao Yan clearly saw the angel wings behind him, not two wings, but four wings!

The four wings represent that this angel is a reincarnation-level powerhouse, and must be an angel who has survived the reincarnation!

Among the Holy See, there are very few strong people who can have angel wings!

Angel wings are not only a symbol of status, but also a manifestation of honor and strength!

Wingless Angel, this is already considered to be the backbone of the Holy See, responsible for many daily affairs.

One-winged angels have been able to serve as the foundation of the Holy See, and they handle many important affairs of the Holy See.

Two-winged angels, their strength is basically below the perfection of the Eight Star Dou Xian, but their power and status, even in the entire Daqian world, are quite famous.

The three-winged angel, who stepped into reincarnation, but did not survive the reincarnation calamity, is the power treasured in the Holy See.

Four-winged angels, it is said that there are only a few people in the entire Holy See. Their strength has entered the cycle of reincarnation and has passed through the tribulation of reincarnation. They are the real messengers of God!

As for the **** of five-winged angels and ten-winged angels above, I am afraid they have only appeared in the records. Of course, that level is already a matter within the kingdom of angels, which is like the overlord of the Great Thousand World. Those who know the whole Great Thousand World Probably very few.

"Damn, things still exceeded expectations." Looking at the four-winged angel in front of him, Xiao Yan's blood boiled, and the clan lines between his eyebrows flashed with dazzling power, as if facing in front of him. The four-winged angel is calling for something, but the power of the two is too disparate, so there is no change.

After a while, the demon blood in Xiao Yan's body slowly woke up as if he had encountered hot and delicious food, and a monstrous force of evil intent slowly filled and spread!

At this moment, the sky and the earth changed color, and countless sacred arcs of hot light flashed in the sky. They carried indescribable power and imprisoned the every move of Xiao Yan and the five people. in a moment!

Four-winged angel, the power of reincarnation, so terrifying!

This is the angel who inherits the power of God and travels the world as the messenger of God!

They are arrogant and arrogant, pure and pure, and there is no place for any evil and filth in their eyes.

They... are the messengers of God, maintaining the so-called "order" of the great world.