Chapter Vol 4 1767: 6 big believers!

"Gululu!" For a time, the huge 100-meter circular square was suddenly completely covered with a ray of Baizhi, and then a heavy depression filled the bodies of Lin Qingwen and several people, making their footsteps involuntarily become extremely heavy, after all After all, the strength of several people is still too weak.

"Hush!" Xiao Yan didn't panic, a soft big celestial crimson flame surrounded Lin Qingwen and the others, temporarily relieving their depression, and then his eyes became deep.

"A realm... the powerhouse of the Holy See is truly well-deserved." Xiao Yan's soft voice filled the entire realm.

"Nice sense of smell and perception...but unfortunately today will end you." The person who came here did not show up, apparently he had completely merged with the white realm at this time, and said in a rather contemptuous tone.

"Five Star Fighting Immortal's complete light system?" After a while, Xiao Yan sensed the specific strength of the person coming from this contemptuous voice.

"Get down!" After the blink of an eye, Xiao Yan's palm suddenly lifted, and the dazzling power of the Great Heavenly Seed flame was like a long rainbow, blasting directly towards the sky above the domain. The aura made people shudder.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Yan hit a gap in the pure white domain, and then a rather strange figure appeared.

The mysterious powerhouse originally hidden in the domain, the black robe on his body was completely burned by Xiao Yan's flame and turned into nothingness, but a very conspicuous black and white robe appeared on his body.

The black and white robe seemed to be different from ordinary clothes. It easily isolated Xiao Yan's flame power completely, and even contained a trace of tyrannical light-type fighting qi, which continuously repaired the fighting qi in the mysterious powerhouse's body.

"The Holy See powerhouse?"

"Prince Lin Feng really had secretly liaised with the Holy See for a long time... this beast!" Lin Qingwen said with a livid face when he looked at the man in special attire like a monk.

The Holy See is quite greedy. They not only preach that the angels of light they believe in can save all the jealousy in the world, they even collect the power of faith everywhere for this, and they have coveted other continents for a long time. Prince Lin Feng agreed to cooperate with them, I am afraid It also paid a lot of money, and the Holy See’s strength is too huge, which is clearly to introduce a wolf into the room. Obviously, that guy even paid all the price in order to get the support of the Holy See, and the purpose of doing so was to succeed as long as he was able to elect himself.

"Under the Endless Fire Territory, the domain master never kills the nameless, your honorable name?" Xiao Yan smiled when he looked at the guy in front of him.

Since this time I went to the Tianxing Continent, and these guys are from other factions, there is no need to be soft-hearted, and the Endless Fire Territory has just started, so naturally it needs some things to help it to make it famous.

"Church Huang of the Holy See." At this moment, the black-robed monk man was not despising Xiao Yan, he knew the tyranny of the flame power on Xiao Yan's body, so he was vigilant.

"Cultivator Huang?"

"It is said that in the Holy See, from the lowest entourage to the third-level monks in blue, white and black, and above, there are the six major believers. In addition, there are the three major red-clothed archbishops and the Pope." Xiao Yan slightly Muttering, after all, the system of the Holy See is not a secret, but I don't know if this is true.

"Er wait is too serious to kill, let me recite a chant of saving all sentient beings and end the violence of Er et al."

"Goddess of Light, I swear by your devout people..." For a while, cultivator Huang did not pay attention to the actions of Xiao Yan and the others, raised his hands high, and continued to chant some rather ancient mantras. And every time he chanted, on his black and white robe, strands of light as clear as sunlight slowly emerged, and even this kind of power made Xiao Yan feel an unprecedented feeling, and even the fighting qi in his body stopped. flow.

"It is said that the light system of the Holy See powerhouse is not based on absorbing the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, but to a large extent, with the help of some incantations, with the help of the power of light, once it is used, its attack power can be described as extremely tyrannical." At this time, Lin Qingwen said solemnly.

"What will be the effect of killing them?" Looking at the mighty cultivator Huang, Xiao Yan turned his head and asked Lin Qingwen.

"what?"

"Kill them?"

"Sir, don't be joking, there are four of them. This guy should not be the strongest among the four. If he kills him, I am afraid it will lead to death for us!"

"..."

"Quiet me!" Lin Qingwen roared looking at the frightened look of his followers.

"Lord Xiao Yan, they are all heretics who resist the princess. If you can kill them, I'm afraid it will be very helpful for the election of the princess." Lin Qingwen smiled.

"Fire!" Hearing Lin Qingwen's words, Xiao Yan spoke softly, without any hesitation, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire appeared in his hand, and with the power of the Great Heaven Seed, he moved his body directly and slashed at the chanting cultivator Huang. cut away.

The fighting skills this guy chanted at this time were at the level of Saint-rank, to say the least, and he was quite powerful, but it was obviously not a wise choice to treat Xiao Yan as an idiot.

"Pfft!" Just as Xiao Yan's fierce attack was about to hit cultivator Huang, his entire body was completely protected by a white halo.

"Very strong defense... It's a pity to meet me." At this moment, Xiao Yan laughed like a demon. On the palm of his hand, the amber rock soul fire flashed away, and the white defensive shield was instantly shattered, and even Before cultivator Huang could find out how Xiao Yan solved his defensive shield, Xiao Yan's heavy ruler directly pierced through cultivator Huang's body and even smashed his soul into pieces.

In the next moment, cultivator Huang fell sadly This guy never imagined that his defensive shield, which was comparable to that of a six-star fighting fairy, was destroyed by Xiao Yan.

"Let's go... Go and meet a few other people. Since the grievances have been forged, there is no need to hide them." With a wave of his hand, the Yihuo Henggu ruler was carried behind his back, and a large flame emerged, directly smashing the yellow The monk's body burned to ashes.

After a while, the white field dissipated, and Xiao Yan had an evil smile on the corner of his mouth. He walked over to the other people from the edge of the circular square and looked at the other three men in black robes.

"Teacher... cultivator Huang's aura no longer exists." At this moment, one of the three black-robed men led by Lin Qingyun couldn't help muttering.

"Endless Fire Territory is indeed a bit powerful, but it's a pity." After a while, the one with the most powerful breath among the three black-robed figures directly took off his robe, but on his rather ordinary and kind cheeks It was a terrifying emotion.

"This is... one of the powerhouses of the six major believers?" At this moment, Lin Qingwen and several others were pale, like dead ashes.

For nothing else, the identity of the six major believers is enough to easily obliterate them, because the strength of the believers is between the middle stage of the six-star fighting immortal and the seven-star fighting immortal!

Not to mention that the six major believers still master the extremely tyrannical fighting skills in the Holy See. This time, Lin Qingwen and several people knew that following Xiao Yan, I am afraid that there will be death and no life.