Chapter Vol 4 1582: Devour Acacia Fruit!

"..." In front of the roots of the acacia tree in the valley, two acacia fruit stood quietly, but at this time, Xiao Yan had many memories of when he was with Mu Yingying in his mind. The power of pink Acacia keeps emerging.

In this situation, the Master of Soul Eater did not rashly disturb Xiao Yan. After all, the Master of Soul Eater was more or less remorseful for Mu Yingying's sacrifice, and whether Xiao Yan would be revived after Mu Yingying was resurrected Will give her a name, and the Lord of Soul Eater is not easy to intervene.

"Teacher, I'm about to start swallowing the Acacia fruit." The silence lasted for several hours, and Xiao Yan's pupils slowly opened and said.

"Well, let's start."

"Acacia fruit is a wonder of heaven and earth that gathers the power of acacia in the acacia tree. It is also a matter of course to swallow it in cooperation with the Douxian Pill and break through the four-star Douxian."

"During this period, I will protect the law for you." The Lord of Soul Eater said flatly.

"Thank you, teacher." This time, Xiao Yan said sincerely.

The word "teacher" is easy to say, but Xiao Yan can say it willingly, which is enough to show its importance to Xiao Yan. After all, when he was in Dou Qi Continent, Xiao Yan encountered many seniors who gave advice. From the beginning to the end, only Yao Lao was the only one who could see the arrogance in Xiao Yanyi's heart.

"Let's start." After a short pause, he temporarily suppressed the pain of lovesickness in his body, and immediately adjusted his breath to restore the best state. Xiao Yan couldn't help but said.

"This...is this the legendary Acacia fruit..."

"It is said that the acacia liquid in the acacia tree has mysterious and unpredictable effects, and that effect is to control people's hearts, and this acacia fruit is more precious than the acacia liquid, but I don't know which is stronger or weaker than the acacia liquid." Xiao Yan said to himself.

As soon as the words fell, Xiao Yan's ring was squirming gently, and a beautiful jade bottle with high quality slowly appeared.

And this container is the "Emperor Flame Ring" that he inherited from the hands of Tuoshe Gudi teacher, but with Xiao Yan's strength when he first got the three-star fighting emperor, to the current three-star fighting immortal, no matter how many breakthroughs he has made Level, this ring still has no useful value and information, which is not right with the information left by the last trace of the soul power of the ancient emperor Tuoshe, but Xiao Yan at this time is too lazy to think about these things.

"Acacia fruit." After a while, on Xiao Yan's body, the khaki-colored Fire Heart Heavenly Rock covered the palm of his hand, and lightly probed towards one of the two acacia fruits in front of him. Xiao Yan knew that facing this wonder of heaven and earth, But don't take it lightly.

The acacia fruit, the size of a palm, with clear crystals, but with Xiao Yan's actions, the surface of the acacia fruit instantly turned into a blood-red color, as scarlet as human blood.

"Come back." Seeing this, Xiao Yan frowned, as if he had discovered something, he immediately increased his efforts and tried to put the Acacia fruit into the container.

"Xuuuu!" After Shun Qi, Acacia Fruit burst out with an extremely dazzling resistance force, struggling to resist Xiao Yan's subjugation.

"The power of lovesickness." After a few breaths, Xiao Yan also gave up the reckless fight. The peculiar lovesickness power he had just generated because of his thoughts suddenly poured into the palm of his hand and probed towards the lovesickness fruit. It was like something in a bag, it was easily retrieved into the container by Xiao Yan.

"Weng Om!" An acacia fruit was retrieved and placed in the container. Xiao Yan added a layer of Acacia power and holy flame to protect it before carefully taking it back into the collection ring. It was left for Mu Yingying.

"Next, is a crucial step."

"Acacia fruit, whether it can break through the late Samsung Dou Xian, depends on you."

"In this Li Soul Realm, where the most powerful people gather, I need strength. I need strength to investigate the life experience of Xiao Gui's parents. I need strength to solve the damaged soul origin of the master."

"When the trip to the ghost world is over, it will be the final stage. Xun'er, the family... wait for me." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice.

Endure hardship, Xiao Yan is not afraid.

Xiao Yan is not afraid of going up the mountain of swords and going down to the sea of ​​fire!

But what Xiao Yan is afraid of is that he has put in great efforts, but he has achieved nothing, and it is similar to Xuan Santian's feeling of powerlessness, Xiao Yan does not want to experience it a second time!

Today's Xiao Yan in the late stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal, with all his cards, he can fight against the late stage four-star Fighting Immortal powerhouse. Ling Yu, the genius of the underground courtyard, also has the power to fight.

Moreover, Xiao Yan also knew that Ling Yu was the culprit who forced Luo Menglan's marriage. In addition to Xiao Gui's love for Luo Menglan, the battle between them was probably inevitable.

"Come on." Scenes of plans were quickly revolving in his mind, and Xiao Yan's palm wriggled gently, with the dazzling power of love, eroding away directly at the acacia fruit.

"Boom!" The acacia fruit was originally the product of the acacia tree, so it was eroded by Xiao Yan's dazzling power of acacia. The palm-sized fruit suddenly cracked a very weak gap, and a pool of pink crystal silver and antimony was transparent. The color liquid slowly flows out from the inside of the acacia fruit Weng buzzing! "In an instant, Xiao Yan's Dou Qi sea fire attribute Dou Core and Wood Attribute Dou Core burst out with extremely greedy fluctuations at the same time.

"What a strong power..." With the excellent soul power, he was able to discover the extremely terrifying energy in this lovesickness fruit. This kind of power is natural, even purer than the artificially extracted soul source. . The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

This kind of energy comes from the Acacia tree, but after thousands of years of accumulation and tempering, the energy in the Acacia fruit has been purified to the extreme, and it is a good supplement.

"Since that's the case...then I'm welcome!" After a while, Xiao Yan also closed his eyes and rested his mind, controlling the innermost Fen Jue in his body. In conjunction with the two bucket cores, the dazzling suction force suddenly emerged and quickly emerged. Absorbs the pure power flowing from the Acacia fruit in front of him.

Don't underestimate this acacia fruit, although the fruit is only the size of a palm, but the energy contained in it, I am afraid that Xiao Yan can't absorb it in ten days and a half months, and such a dazzling pure power is enough. Xiao Yan has benefited a lot.

"This guy has two bucket cores... and the holy flame space, plus the special power of lovesickness on top of the current lovesickness fruit, I hope this time, I can completely condense the prototype of the field... or for the future half The realm and the real realm lay the groundwork." The Soul Eater murmured slowly.

However, when it comes to the domain, this Soul Eater Lord can't help but feel a little proud. After all, he used the strength of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal, cooperated with the Soul Eater Talisman and the Soul Eater Domain, and resisted the evil spirits outside the territory. The king who entered the reincarnation is invincible, and this glory and illustrious reputation, I am afraid that there are not many people in the thousands of worlds.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~