Chapter 122: Take it!

?? Looking at Qing Yuan who was still lying on the emerald stone bed, Xiao Yan was also preparing the neutralizing liquid in his hand.

The next thing, however, did not change. It was still the same thing that constantly changed the doping amount of the three medicinal liquids. If this kind of blending liquid for the medicinal power of the medicinal herbs was one point more, or one point less, then it would be It will break the balance between the three liquids, and finally end in failure. Therefore, during the reconciliation, you must not fluctuate in your mood because of failure...

After all, this neutralizing liquid is not like a fusion medicine pill, which combines the power of several medicinal materials.

Xiao Yan failed nine times in the reconciliation of the three treasures of heaven and earth, and in these nine failures, he also consumed nearly one-third of the volume of the three treasures...

However, although the price was quite high, Xiao Yan's face still did not show the slightest impatience, and his hands were becoming more and more proficient.

With the current level of medicine refining, among his peers, there are only a handful of people who can pass it. Naturally, he will not disturb his mood because of this failure. Show off?

Xiao Yan's eyes were fixed on the jade bowl, and three liquids of different colors were condensed at his fingertips. As long as the amount of the jade bowl decreased, he would quickly add a little bit, trying to maintain the balance in it. .

After repeated failures, this time the liquid in the jade bowl became clearer and more lush, and a faint fragrance permeated the air.

Smelling this fragrance, Xiao Yan's eyes that had been motionless for a long time only showed a wave of fluctuations. With a flick of his finger, a drop of the liquid made by the earth stone mother slowly fell into the jade bowl.

"laugh!"

With the drop of the earth stone mother liquid falling, the jade bowl suddenly filled with faint smoke, and after the smoke, what was left was a small bowl full of vitality like jade. Slurry...

"call…"

Looking at the quality of the liquid in the jade bowl, Xiao Yan couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief, and then carefully filled the slurry inside it with a good jade bottle...

Of course, if you want to neutralize the medicinal power of the Guben Peiyuan Pill, it is naturally not enough to prepare a little mixed essence jade liquid, but with this first success, the next step will be much easier. , in just about two hours, nearly half of the remaining three kinds of heaven and earth treasures were prepared by Xiao Yancheng...

Looking at the emerald-colored liquid in his hand that had overflowed to the mouth of the bottle, Xiao Yan's face finally showed a touch of gratification. Although he had failed many times, the remaining product was enough for him this time. splurge...

"Next, Fang is the most important thing..."

A ruthless look flashed across his eyes, Xiao Yan held up the jade bottle, and then slowly walked to Qing Yuan, took out the Guben Pei Yuan Pill, and then looked at Qing Yuan as if he was asleep.

"Use Hunyuan Jade Liquid to supplement this girl with Guben Peiyuan Pill." The Golden Dragon King also said.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also frowned, picked up the Primordial Primordial Marrow and Guben Peiyuan Pill with one hand, and then moved the other hand towards Qing Yuan's sleeping lips.

"This..." Xiao Yan was ashamed.

Xiao Yan just opened Qing Yuan's lips with his hands in order to take Guben Peiyuan Dan, but the strange thing was that he couldn't open it.

"Don't linger, this Primordial Jade Liquid has a time limit, once that time has passed, it will have no effect." The Golden Dragon King was also dumbfounded by Xiao Yan's actions.

"Offended." Xiao Yan was not the one who hesitated, and then swallowed the mixed essence jade liquid into his mouth, holding the Guben Peiyuan Pill in one hand, and leaned over to Qing Yuan who was lying on the jade stone bed.

Xiao Yan first placed Guben Peiyuan Dan next to Qingyuanbei's lips, and then poured it directly into Qingyuan's mouth. Nearly half of the mixed essence jade liquid flowed down his throat and entered Qingyuan's body. Inside.

It is strange to say that Qing Yuan, whose lips were tightly closed a moment ago, even opened slightly after touching Xiao Yan's lips, and then Xiao Yan didn't care about the three-seven-two-one. It was stuffed into Qing Yuan's shell lips, along with the Hunyuan Jade Liquid, Xiao Yan used his lips to transfer it into Qing Yuan's body.

Little did they know that Qing Yuan's originally dull cheeks had a hint of pink.

At the moment when the Primordial Jade Liquid was immersed in the body, Qingyuan's head, which had been sleeping, suddenly buzzed, and the soul power between the eyebrows, at this moment, like eating a catalyst, suddenly swelled up.

Qing Yuan's sudden and powerful soul force caused Xiao Yan to feel a sharp pain in the middle of his eyebrows, as if his head was about to explode at this moment!

Feeling such a sudden change, Xiao Yan was also shocked, but he didn't dare to be too reckless at this time, he could only keep his mind steady and watch the changes in Qing Yuan's body.

"Don't look at me, it's the first time I've done this." The Golden Dragon King was obviously helpless.

After the blended Primordial Jade Liquid flowed into Qing Yuan's body, the ice strands on Qing Yuan's body also melted quickly, and then the Guben Peiyuan Pill turned into a hot stream of heat and dispersed.

Immediately, it evaporated from Qing Yuan's body, and strange dark green smoke began to surge up quickly, passing through the body, and the dark green smoke medicine slowly wrapped Qing Yuan's entire body.

With the interweaving of these emerald-green Primordial Jade Liquid and the medicinal power of Guben Peiyuan Pill, Xiao Yan quickly realized that a terrifyingly powerful and strange energy was rapidly flowing from Qingyuan's soul. At the same time, Qing Yuan's strength, as if he had eaten something tonic, began to suddenly increase by a magnitude that shocked Xiao Yan!

With the increase of soul power, Xiao Yan's feeling of distending pain in the middle of his eyebrows is also getting stronger and stronger. He did not expect that this Guben Peiyuan Pill still has such a strong power after being neutralized by the Primordial Jade Liquid. .

"What a pure soul power..." Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering to himself, the sudden soul power on Qing Yuan's forehead is much stronger than Xiao Yan's emperor realm ordinary soul power, and if you want to talk about it In terms of the purity of soul power, Xiao Yan is definitely not comparable to Qing Yuan.

Faced with the increasingly swollen eyebrows, Xiao Yan had no choice but to use his whole soul to form a protective film in front of him, and then he could feel the increasingly powerful soul on Qing Yuan's forehead on the jade stone bed. , As soon as there is movement, Xiao Yan will take action!

This level of consolidating the medicinal power of the original essence pill was obviously caused by the blood essence of the bloodthirsty dragon lizard that was too high. Therefore, the Qingyuan on the emerald stone bed lasted for nearly an hour after this kind of sucking and plundering. , The strength of the original Dou Sheng has skyrocketed!

Four Star Fighting Saint!

Five Star Fighting Saint!

...

Dou Di!

In a short moment, Qing Yuan's strength skyrocketed!

But this is not the most important thing. After the strength skyrocketed, the strange power in Qingyuan's eyebrows suddenly became violent. Finally, an invisible wave that was invisible to the eye spread out quietly, and finally melted out of the stone bed. Spread over the sky of this waterfall...

Ask for a ticket ^o^...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: