Chapter Vol 4 2003: In the late stage of the 8-star Fighting Immortals, the blood of snakes and scorpions!

"Damn... I should have thought that we are being watched by them step by step." Looking at the enchanting figure surrounded by blood snakes in front of him, the Peerless Heavenly Emperor's complexion suddenly changed drastically.

Only the enchanting woman in front of her was dressed in a veil-like white dress, her body was like smoke, her whole body was extremely white, and her face was beautiful and vulgar, but there was a layer of blood mist on her skin, which looked very gloomy, and there were several evil spirits all over her body. The existence of the **** snake makes its breath extremely evil.

"What a terrifying coercion." Xiao Yan frowned, the amber flames released from his body, protecting the three, and he was thinking quickly how to break the situation.

"In the ancient prison, there are three giants. Two of them are close to the king level, and their strength has reached the late stage of the Eight-star Dou Xian. I was attacked by the two at the beginning." The enchanting woman, a huge pressure swept over.

She and her power are both in the late stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals, but here they are in the enemy's camp, and their power has been suppressed for decades. Now that they have barely recovered a little bit, I am afraid it will be an unusually tyrannical battle.

"Where's the other one?" Xiao Yan asked.

"The other one should be a king, but I haven't seen him from beginning to end."

"His strength should be far beyond the two, I am afraid that the Eight-Star Dou Xian is complete or even stronger." Peerless Heavenly Emperor said solemnly.

"Senior, can you call out the elders of the ancient clan?" After a while, Xiao Yan said coldly as he watched countless evil blood snakes appearing in the entire cell.

"Hee hee... Little brother, don't waste your time."

"The entire ancient world has been completely imprisoned by us, and the means of these ancient clan elders calling for the elders are also completely eliminated by us."

"Now you can't protect yourself, so don't think about it." The enchanting evil figure smiled and said with a seductive smile, her beautiful eyes slowly looking at the amber flame on Xiao Yan's body, which was quite fiery.

"Go!"

"I'll stop her, hurry up!" Xiao Yan hurriedly said, the bright amber flame separated a trace to protect the two, and immediately nodded to the peerless emperor, it seemed that the two decided to move separately, and instantly launched a violent attack. Attack, cover for it.

"This is the blood of a snake and scorpion. Her power is mostly **** and cold, you have to be careful." Peerless Heavenly Emperor took Gu Yuan, stepped out, and immediately left the cell.

"I can't see that there is still some heroic spirit, but..." A cold killing intent flashed in the snake's eyes.

She doesn't care about Gu Yuan and the Peerless Heavenly Emperor. After all, the two have special identities. In addition, the key to entering the Holy Land in the hands of Peerless Heavenly Emperor is hidden by them, so letting them go is also a delay.

"What a lot of nonsense!"

"Dragon God Transformation!"

"Fighting Soul!" Xiao Yan held a huge **** suffocation, and the ancient ruler in his hand was painted with a thick layer of amber flames. Immediately, his body jumped, and he suddenly slashed at the blood of the snake and scorpion.

"Little brother, it's too weak."

"I really don't understand that it's better to enjoy your good time than to enjoy yourself, and instead come here to die?" The snake and scorpion blood's laughter sounded like a silver bell, clear and sweet, but the shocking killing intent spread along with it, making Xiao Yan feel like coming Great enemy.

"Chi Chi!" Xiao Yan's seemingly ferocious attack suddenly solidified in mid-air when he approached the snake and scorpion blood's body a few meters. Countless blood snakes and snakes had scarlet eyes, and the blood glowing with a trace of evil power stared at them. Xiao Yan, the cold that penetrated deep into the bone marrow made Xiao Yan tremble.

"Forget it." After some struggle, Xiao Yan also gave up his desperate move.

This guy is just one of the three giants, far from being the strongest. If he uses the means of pressing the bottom of the box in advance, he will probably be shocked, and when he thinks of the strength of the head of the three giants, it may be even more powerful, and the forest below. The golem in Luo Hell made Xiao Yan feel quite uncomfortable.

The means of pressing the bottom of the box must be to kill the high-level foreigners of the evil clan, and Xiao Yan only has one chance. If he fails, the end will undoubtedly be extremely miserable.

"Don't worry, big sister is reluctant to kill you."

"Let's not say that you have treasures such as holy flames in your body. Just as the aura in your body is exactly the same as that of the little **** who entered the Holy Land, you have enough value to use."

"Tear it!" The voice of the snake and scorpion blood fell, and several blood snakes tied Xiao Yan's body firmly, and the suppression of the evil force made Xiao Yan unable to move.

"Let's go, let's see if they have found another key to the Holy Land." Snake and Scorpion Xue'er pulled Xiao Yan behind him at will, and slowly, according to the breath just now, went to the escape area of ​​Gu Yuan and Peerless Heavenly Emperor.

"Senior, where are we going?" On the other side, Xiao Yan bought some escape time for the Peerless Heavenly Emperor and the peerless Heavenly Emperor. The Peerless Heavenly Emperor took Gu Yuanyan directly to a hidden staircase in the attic.

"Go first and take out the treasures that entered the Holy Land. Now only the Holy Land is the last paradise." Peerless Heavenly Emperor said with a gloomy expression.

"But Xiao Yan..." Gu Yuan seemed to be hesitating.

"Don't worry, that kid is smart." Peerless Heavenly Emperor comforted.

"Okay." Gu Yuan heard the words, and the palm of the Peerless Heavenly Emperor transformed into countless Brahma patterns, which were lightly branded on the stairs, and a gate of light suddenly appeared.

This is a rather narrow space, obviously the space used by the peerless Heavenly Emperor to store the treasures entering the Holy Land.

"Sure enough..." Just as Gu Yuan and the Peerless Heavenly Emperor entered the void, Snake and Scorpion Xue'er walked gently step by step, looking at the two figures, a sneer appeared on their seductive lips.

The two holy flames, plus the life of the ancient saintess, are enough for her to truly evolve and become a real "king" level!

However, she ignored the holy flame and demonic power that was violently tumbling around Xiao Yan's body With time, this power would definitely become a terrifying technique that would endanger the world.

On the other side, Liu Hao and Feng Xiejun were fighting.

"This kid..." On Feng Xiejun's handsome face, there were bursts of conspicuous scars, and even on his body, the brand marks were extremely terrifying.

The power of the light attribute hits the body of the alien race, and the damage caused is permanent and irreversible. To a certain extent, the threat of the light attribute powerhouse is even greater than that of the holy flame.

In the endless darkness, the evil rain was pouring, and Feng Xiejun couldn't care about anything else, he sprinted suddenly, the sea of ​​devils rolled around him, and the fierce killing intent wanted to smash Liu Hao into ten thousand pieces.

"It's really disgusting breath..." On Liu Hao's body, a dazzling light appeared, and behind the back and shoulders, there were innumerable white light spots, which vaguely outlined a magnificent boundless. 's huge wings!

Above the looming wings, a sacred aura that shook the heavens and the earth slowly descended.

At this moment, Feng Xiejun's eyes suddenly became abnormally solemn. He stared at Liu Hao and said, "How is it possible?"

"Angel wings?"

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: