Chapter 232: Half-finished blood spirit ice liquid!

"Blood spirit ice liquid!"

Hearing that, Xiao Yan's pupils also shrank tightly, and he stared at the water ball in front of him, his dark brown pupils moved slightly, obviously realizing something.

Immediately, the palm that was about to reach the center of the water mass stopped in an instant, and quickly pulled away from the water.

The next moment, an extremely **** smell also came from the water mass in front of him. Looking closely, the originally colorless and transparent spring water in front of him also became as red as human blood!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The billowing bubbles kept rolling, looking quite strange.

Originally Xiao Yan thought that the temperature of the water would suddenly rise, but he didn't think that as the color of the water turned blood red, the temperature would also be lower!

Xiao Yan exhaled calmly, but even his breath was slightly unstable at this time, because the air Xiao Yan exhaled had the traces of freezing!

"This is the blood spirit ice liquid I told you about!" Just when Xiao Yan was surprised, the voice of his master, the Golden Dragon King, sounded slowly, and there was some excitement in his voice!

"Is this the blood spirit ice liquid..." Xiao Yan also looked at the liquid that turned dark red in confusion, obviously quite puzzled, why the water liquid changed from colorless and transparent to blood red, and the temperature was also The cold is more terrifying!

After being surprised for a short time, Xiao Yan came back to his senses. He really felt a coldness from the inside of the colorless and transparent water. He was as powerful as Xiao Yan and would still feel this way. , which is a result...

"You can't be wrong, this is the blood spirit ice liquid."

"I believe you have also felt the terrifying low temperature in this water..." The Golden Dragon King also muttered to himself, and then stared intently at the red water that was constantly rolling in front of him, obviously thinking about something.

"Yes." Xiao Yan replied gently.

Then his dark brown pupils just shrank, staring at the red liquid in front of him and smiling.

According to the knowledgeable eyesight of his master, the Golden Dragon King, he naturally knew that he had to prepare a lot of things to swallow the holy flame. Among them, Qiyanhua, Xushengdan, and blood spirit ice liquid were the three most important things!

Devouring holy flames is no small matter, and there is no room for sloppiness, so all preparations must be done well, otherwise even if you encounter precious and extraordinary holy flames, your master, the Golden Dragon King, will definitely not allow himself to absorb it, and he will have to give up at that time. now...

After all, Xiao Yan also devoured Yihuo on the Dou Qi Continent. The terrifying power in Yihuo and the extremely violent ability in it make Xiao Yan feel scared when he thinks of it now, not to mention that it is more powerful than Yihuo. Holy flame!

This is no joke!

After all, the exercise that Xiao Yan cultivates is Fen Jue, a special exercise, and the only way to advance is to continuously devour the power of flames. This type of exercise is too peculiar, so only with the help of these heaven and earth wonders can a short period of time be achieved. A substantial increase in their own strength.

Although it sounds like swallowing holy flames is nonsense, this is the fastest way to increase strength.

Undoubtedly, this method is also full of many dangers. It devours the power of holy flame. If one is not careful, the consequences will be ashes. But if it succeeds, then what awaits Xiao Yan is unparalleled strength!

Between the two, one thinks of heaven and the other of hell!

Xiao Yan knows this better than anyone else!

Now Xiao Yan already has the Three Flame Flowers in his hands. As for Xu Shengdan, when Xiao Yan's strength reaches his level, he can naturally refine it. The only priority now is the Blood Spirit Ice Liquid!

The rarity of this blood spirit ice liquid is no less than that of Sheng Yan. Anyway, because of the well-informed eyesight of his master Jinlong King, he can only hear the name but not the name, which is enough to see the rarity of this blood spirit ice liquid. .

"I finally found you."

"Blood spirit ice liquid..." Xiao Yan also laughed while looking at the blood-red water in front of him, his voice was full of excitement.

Because Xiao Yan knows that his list is not light, on the one hand, he is going to find his two wives, Xun'er and Cailin, and on the other hand, he is also trying to find out the unsolved problems of his Xiao clan on this Dou Di Continent. The mystery, in addition to helping his master Jinlong King and his ancestors to refine the body, many things are on the Xiao family's heart, which makes Xiao Yan quite uncomfortable, so the desire for power is slightly more and more. powerful!

Because the premise of all this is that you need a huge strength as the back to do it, otherwise it can be said that it will be difficult to move in the Dou Di Continent of the strong man!

"Hehe, I didn't expect to encounter the blood spirit ice liquid here. It seems that you still have some fate with it." The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

"It is said that the blood spirit ice liquid can only exist in the cold and cold places, and some mysterious means must be applied by the blood of countless people before it is possible to form a small pool..."

"If there is this pool of blood spirit ice liquid in front of you, it should be possible to form thousands of human blood..." The Golden Dragon King also said.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan could also hear the meaning of his master, the Golden Dragon King. The blood spirit ice liquid in front of him took thousands of dead people to form, so it can be said to be extremely rare and precious.

"No wonder there is some rather **** aura..." Xiao Yan also looked at the blood-red water in front of him.

"There are still twin ghost emperors sealed deep here, be careful..." The voice of the Golden Dragon King also sounded in Xiao Yan's mind.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan replied softly, and then squatted down. Now that he has figured out the true face of this water, he can now find out.

Years of experience walking outside told Xiao Yan that such a level of heaven and earth treasures must be guarded by powerful creatures.

Xiao Yan's terrifying soul power instantly covered the entire ten-meter radius of the bottom of the well was probed by Xiao Yan without a trace.

"Strange, why not..." Xiao Yan was also puzzled. According to Xiao Yan's investigation, there was no living creature in this ten-meter space, let alone the creature that guarded the blood spirit ice liquid.

"Don't look for it, there shouldn't be any creatures guarding it, there seems to be something wrong with this blood spirit ice liquid..." Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, the voice of his master, the Golden Dragon King, also appeared.

"Um?"

"You look carefully at the pool of water in front of you, what did you find?"

"This..." Hearing that, Xiao Yan also put his eyes into the blood-red water in front of him, and saw that the volume of the blood-red water had actually shrunk to about three meters, which was undoubtedly a lot smaller than the five meters just now. .

In the center of the water, a looming white spot of light is constantly emerging.

The blood-red water next to the white light spot kept tumbling, which was quite strange, but what Xiao Yan felt was not a terrifying high temperature, but an extremely gloomy icy cold.

When Xiao Yan's eyes saw the lower right corner of the water, he suddenly found that some of the water was still colorless and transparent.

"What's going on..." Xiao Yan was also confused by the second monk at this time.

"This blood spirit ice liquid should be a semi-finished product..." The Golden Dragon King also said slightly solemnly.

"Half-finished product?" Xiao Yan was shocked, then looked at the water in front of him, frowning.

Ask for tickets!