Chapter Vol 4 1990: their own minds!

"Battle Formation Master?" Gu Qingkong and Gu Li had extremely shocked expressions in their eyes. Looking at the thin black-shirted man in front of them, they couldn't help but lose their voices.

"No..." Seeing that the two of them were so surprised, Xiao Yan immediately smiled and shook his head.

Since the return of the demon world, Xiao Yan found that the cultivation of the magician must not be left behind. After all, this is the strongest profession that is enough to defeat 10,000 or even more. In a sense, it even surpasses the pharmacist. Xiao Yan also spoke with the idea of ​​giving it a try.

What Xiao Yan lacks now is fighting skills, but for him, there are many ways to look for fighting skills. Instead, the illusory things like fighting formation masters give Xiao Yan a headache.

There is still a way to find fighting skills, as for the alchemist Xiao Yan, there is also a way to make up for it, but this thing really makes Xiao Yan head big, and there is no way to start.

"Are you... Dou Formation Master?" After a while, Gu Qingkong jumped up and came to Xiao Yan and surrounded Xiao Yan, as if looking at a piece of rough jade, with a flash of love.

"It's good luck." Xiao Yan smiled faintly, the core inscriptions of the divine movement in his body started to run at a high speed, and the core inscriptions condensed out and turned into array patterns that emerged in the hall.

That kind of fierce oppression and power is undoubtedly a non-dou formation master!

"Okay!"

"What a battle formation master!" Gu Qingkong couldn't help roaring when he saw this, and clapped his hands together in unison. The violent sound was accompanied by a smile, which made one's heart palpitate.

"Hehe, you kid is a little unexpected." Seeing this, Gu Li couldn't help but sigh.

Just possessing holy flame is enough to make countless people jealous, but this kid is still a battle formation master?

How strong is the fighter?

If it is placed in the ordinary power, it will be regarded as an equal role with the alchemist, but only the ancient races like them know that the power of the battle formation master surpasses the alchemist by too much.

In the first world war, the entire Daqian world was extremely miserable. The top power of the aliens was contained by the respective centers of the seven realms and the supreme beings dominated by the Xiao tribe, but the remaining alien army was threatening the safety of the entire Daqian world. , even with the top forces of each of the seven worlds, it is a heart palpitation to deal with the army of millions.

And just when everyone was desperate, a group of mysterious powerhouses suddenly appeared. They carried the formation pattern and used extremely mysterious means to encircle and suppress the remaining evil army of the evil tribe outside the territory.

Therefore, the Dou Formation Master had an indispensable contribution to the first World War.

Just imagine, one person is enough to stop tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of extraterrestrial evil tribes with his own strength. How horrifying the means and scenes are?

However, it was precisely because the Dou Formation Master was too dazzling in the first World War. After the war, the Dou Formation Master did not know whether it was voluntarily retreating or being mutilated by others. The number of Dou Formation Masters was like extinction. Not many people.

From this, it is no wonder that when the two of them knew that Xiao Yan was a battle formation master, they were shocked.

If a battle formation master is trained well, it will definitely be a strategic bomb in the future!

"Okay, okay!" Gu Qingkong roared violently, the palm of his hand turned a little red because of the vigorous slap, and the ecstasy on his face could no longer be contained.

"Wait a minute, boy, I will personally go and take out all the treasures related to the battle formation master." I saw an afterimage and a residual sound left, and Gu Qingkong disappeared here.

"..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but look dazed. He obviously didn't understand why Gu Qingkong was so different. He clearly just didn't have high requirements.

"You kid, it's..." Gu Li opened his mouth slightly and smiled.

"Senior, it seems that the core of the ancient world can't be closed now, has something happened?" Seeing Gu Qingkong disappearing, Xiao Yan decided to ask.

"I don't know, it seems that it has been like this since the patriarch and elders came back."

"Because we are in charge of the vassal race, we rarely enter the core of the ancient world. I don't know what happened. The only thing I can say for sure is that the ancient race is not right now, and I can't say what is wrong." Gu Li recalled.

"So that's the case." Xiao Yan also nodded lightly, not asking, obviously he could only rely on himself next.

"By the way, Senior Gu, I wonder if the ancient prison is deep in the core of the ancient world's sky?" After a while, Xiao Yan asked in a chatty tone, this is what Xiao Yan cares about the most!

Nowadays, there is a special barrier in the core area of ​​the ancient world. If it is hard to break through, it may not work.

"The ancient prison is not in the sky of the ancient world. It is in some of the territories of our vassal race, but not many people know exactly where it is, because it is a secret among the ancient races." Gu Li said slowly, obviously also I sensed some of the implication of Xiao Yan asking this kind of question.

"Hahaha."

"Boy, these are the things you need." After a while, Gu Qingkong came back with a happy face, and he also had a simple and simple Na ring in his hand. There were obviously quite a lot of mottled treasures in the Na ring.

"Thank you two adults." Xiao Yan said slowly, without smiling.

"It's not too early today, little brother, rest early."

"Come here, take Brother Xiao Yan to his mansion After Gu Qingkong finished speaking, a maid appeared, and immediately took Xiao Yan down.

"This guy...how is it?" With Xiao Yan's departure, Gu Qingkong was silent for a long time before speaking.

"A good seedling may be able to solve the difficulties of the ancient clan, and the identity of the battle formation master is enough to grow into a strong one." Gu Li's eyes changed, and after a while, he also spit out a flat voice.

"You mean?" Gu Qingkong couldn't help being surprised when he heard the words.

Gu Li and he were originally the strongest in charge of the vassal race, but Gu Li had no choice but to resign to guard the seventh peak. The reason was naturally to attract and select some excellent seedlings.

"He has a holy flame, and he has the lofty status of a battle formation master. I think he can."

"By the way, he just asked me about the ancient prison. I'm afraid the implication is obvious." Gu Li said.

"But this guy, I'm still a little worried." Gu Qingkong shook his head. Obviously, when the ancients were in crisis, he didn't want to let the countless years of great achievements of the ancients be ruined.

"There's no time, we haven't entered the ancient world for decades, and we don't know what it looks like... and this guy seems to be very similar to the domain master of the endless fire domain, even though he covered his own Appearance." Gu Li said.

"In that case, let's help him, and I hope he won't let us down." After the two finished speaking, some plans slowly emerged in their hearts.

However, they could never have imagined that the alien evil clan, which was extremely disgusted by the Great Thousand Worlds, actually took root under their noses. If Xiao Yan hadn't acted in time this time, I am afraid that this ancient clan would also have come from the ancient clan. , completely erased.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: