Chapter Vol 4 1387: Du Tianhong strikes!

"It's too strong..." Duo Qifei couldn't help biting her silver teeth lightly when she noticed that the faint blue pupils appeared in the sky, and a sense of powerlessness came out.

"Don't worry." Seeing this, Xiao Yan still didn't have any fear, he stood up lightly with Duo Qifei in his arms, his eyes locked tightly on the ghost in the sky and the strange pupil, through the huge soul power , I can find the mysterious power in the pupil, if it is contaminated at all, I am afraid it will either fall or be controlled!

"It's too cheap to kill you guys..."

"Mingze Demon Eyes, let me control them!"

"I must let you taste, what is pain!" Youhuan stood high in the sky, and strange voices continued to sound, extremely strange.

"Weng buzzing!" Countless blood-colored bubbles kept squirming in the space outside the secluded azure dark blue demon pupil. After the ghostly voice fell, its demon pupil shot towards Xiao Yan and the two of them.

"Xiao Yan...I'm sorry..." And sensing the fast approaching Mingze Demon Eye, Duan Qifei's delicate eyes were slightly red, and there was even a trace of tears, and then the jade hand gently touched the eyebrow at the center of the forehead. The reincarnation rune, a trace of obscure and ancient fluctuations, is slightly released within its body.

At this moment, there is no choice.

"On this level..."

"Not yet!" And Xiao Yan was naturally aware of this scene with ease, his palm directly stroked Du Qifei's jade hand, a trace of gentle power emerged, and immediately suppressed its reincarnation fluctuations.

"Since you want to play...then I'll play with you!" A cold snort suddenly erupted with majestic power.

"Hehe, I didn't see you wrong as a kid." Just when Ming Ze's magic eye was ten meters away from Xiao Yan and the two of them, in the dark space, the void wriggled slightly, and then the seemingly indestructible Ming Ze's magic eye, directly He was kicked viciously, and then all the space collapsed, and its demon pupil actually flew backwards towards the location of Youhuan.

"who!"

"Get out!" Aware of this scene, the phantom eyes couldn't help emitting a chill. Obviously, he was able to crack his Netherworld Demon Eye with ease, and his weakest strength was also among the four-star Fighting Immortals!

"Ha ha."

"They're all old rivals... Do you need to be so polite?"

"Move my beloved daughter, provoke my people from Eastern Continent, you alien race... should be killed!" In the next moment in the dark space, a dazzling silver thunder suddenly emerged from the void, and at the same time, An old voice also emerged slowly.

"Crash!"

"Zizi!" As soon as such a mighty voice appeared, the silver thunder burst out in an instant, and then the countless darkness in this dark space was completely expelled in an instant, leaving a palpitating power of thunder, thunder. The power is extremely terrifying, and it turned into an old man after a while.

"Forged Knife Thunder Valley Master... Du Tianhong." You Huan looked down and saw a soft silver halo of thunder, completely shrouding Xiao Yan and the two, and in front of the two, one was covered in The middle-aged man with countless thunderbolts was locking himself tightly with a look of extreme contempt.

"Sir!" Seeing this appearance, You Zun and Huan Zun also moved and suddenly came to You Huan. Needless to say, they all knew that Duan Tianhong's strength was stronger than the three of them combined!

"Father..." Duo Qifei was overjoyed when she saw this, and couldn't help but whisper.

"It turned out to be the Valley Forge Master..." Xiao Yan also breathed a sigh of relief, and then spoke softly, it was obvious that the mysterious aura that the Soul Eater Lord just mentioned was the Valley Master's.

"Leave it to me next..."

"But there seems to be something in your body..." Duo Tianhong smiled at Xiao Yan. Obviously, if he hadn't been eager to love his daughter, he would definitely not have made a move. After all, Xiao Yan seemed to have some trump cards, but Duo Qifei has a special status as a reincarnator, and Duo Tianhong naturally did not dare to take risks, so at the last moment, he made a sudden move.

"Yes." The two agreed softly, and then watched the shocking battle.

"Hahaha."

"Duan Tianhong, I haven't seen you for many years."

"Your strength... it still seems like this?" Youhuan saw Du Tianhong appear, and under the black robe, a strange laughter came out, without any fear, even full of madness the taste of.

"You Huan, You Zun, Huan Zun..."

"Two and a half emperors...Let me today, for the Great Emperor Leihong, put an end to this thousand-year grievance." Duan Tianhong smiled slightly, the thunder around him was majestic, and a majestic fighting spirit permeated the entire space.

"Five Star Fighting Immortals..." Youhuan snorted coldly, apparently feeling an inexplicable and tyrannical pressure from the silver thunder.

"But the origin of the king of the Burning Soul Clan... I will definitely take it back this time." Youhuan said with a heavy face.

Among their extraterritorial evil races, only the great means of Shengyan and the angels can completely eliminate them. Similar to Duo Tianhong, the five-star fighting immortal level cannot be completely erased, so the evil origin is left behind. Once the evil origin is out of the territory When the evil race gets it, the king of the evil race from outside the territory will also be reborn from the ashes and will be resurrected.

"Then let's see if you have that ability!" Duo Tianhong sneered and then waved his hand, and a dazzling giant net of thunder burst forth.

"Do it!" After a while, after thinking again and again, Youhuan said directly to the two behind her.

As the voice of the ghost fell, in this space, the cyan light and the emerald light of both You Zun and Huan Zun slowly emerged, and even poured into the ghost body continuously.

"Since it's here, what's the reason for it to end?" Duo Tianhong came here long ago, and has been hiding in the dark, and this space has been completely mastered by Du Tianhong, so let Youhuan have great magical powers , also can not escape.

"Tianlei Net!" Watching the scene of the three of Youhuan, Duan Tianhong's densely packed lightning net covered him directly.

"Wong buzzing!"

"Zizi!" The majestic power of thunder and the sound of huge electric current continued to sound from the space, and in a short moment, the bodies of the three were completely wrapped.

"The power of these two guys seems to be converging towards Youhuan's body... Youhuan's power is also vaguely moving towards the barrier of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal?"

"Forging Valley Master, be careful!" Xiao Yan felt this strange scene and couldn't help but murmured, and a sense of unease emerged in his heart.

"Let's capture it." Seeing the three of them look like this, Duo Tianhong sneered.

"Sacrificing You!"

"Fantasy!"

"Come back!" And let Tiantian Honglei Network be tyrannical, that You Huan forcibly held back the pain that came out of his body, and a stream of faint cyan light and emerald green light came from the body of Huan Zun and You Zun, facing himself. Gather in the body.

A war is about to break out!