Chapter Vol 2 804: Fighting life and death fire beast

"Gulu Gulu!" Xiao Yan was covered in flames, and his direct figure instantly disappeared into the swamp.

"This guy, just go on like this?" Seeing this, the others in the swamp area admired Xiao's courage. The swamp area was extremely dangerous, and Xiao Yan was so reckless that he was afraid of dying.

"Trust him." Mu Yingying and the others just stared at the violently undulating swamp. If Xiao Yan was in any danger, they would not hesitate to take action.

"What a strong erosive force..." Just after entering the swamp, Xiao Yan suddenly felt an extremely tyrannical erosive force emerging from the thick swamp beside him. There are signs of melting.

This surprised Xiao Yan. You must know that Xiao Yan's Emperor Yan has a total of twenty-three different fires. Although the different fires are not comparable to the holy flames, so many different fires directly form the embryos of the holy flames. The fact that the powerful flame will be eroded by this swamp is enough to show the extraordinaryness of this swamp.

"My dear, I hope you don't let me down!" Xiao Yan knew that the more dangerous the place, the more precious the treasure was. He immediately ignored the erosion, increased the flame in his body, and swept away at the guardian!

Since the guardian riot just now, Xiao Yan's soul power has locked it, so the position of the guardian is naturally exposed to Xiao Yan at this time.

"I have to say, there is still another world under this swamp." As Xiao Yan got deeper and deeper, the swamp area with a fishy smell slowly disappeared, and it was replaced by an extremely hot wave, but this wave was not good for For Xiao Yan, he is naturally not afraid.

"The lava zone..." After a short while, the thick stench of the swamp in front of Xiao Yan disappeared without a trace, replaced by an extremely hot breath!

"Hooho!" Just when Xiao Yan was surprised how could there be such a hot molten world under the swamp, after a while, the guardian's figure suddenly became restless and flashed by, and a deafening roar came out of the molten lava. Outgoing!

"Crash!" Immediately, the extremely hot molten world in front of Xiao Yan instantly burst into a burst of extremely fiery red lava, blasting towards Xiao Yan!

"Playing with fire in front of me?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan sneered at the corner of his mouth.

Who is Xiao Yan, the dignified Emperor Yan, the Lord of Fire, this guardian actually played with fire in front of Xiao Yan, this is tantamount to playing with fire and setting himself on fire.

"Emperor Yan!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and instantly a splendid Emperor Yan poured out, destroying the seemingly ferocious lava at will.

Xiao Yan has dozens of flames in his body. For fire attributes, unless he is stronger than Emperor Yan and Huoxin Tianyan, it is difficult to cause any substantial damage to Xiao Yan. Although the power of the lava here is not bad, at best it is only The level of different fire, so it is not painful or itchy.

Furthermore, Xiao Yan had so many flames in his body, fighting against other people who also cultivated the fire attribute, that would undoubtedly take advantage of all kinds of benefits.

It can be said without any fuss that the fire-type powerhouses of the same level are probably not able to cause damage to Xiao Yan. After all, Xiao Yan is almost immune to the fire-type attribute.

"Uuuu!" Seemingly feeling that his seemingly powerful blow did not cause any damage to Xiao Yan, the guardian immediately floated out of lava, and a rather spectacular scene appeared in Xiao Yan's pupils.

The guardian stepped on the molten lava, and some residual red lava slowly flowed down from his body.

"It really is a fire beast of life and death!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's eyes lit up, and he could not wait to subdue the fierce beast in front of him!

What was reflected in front of Xiao Yan was an extremely hot melt, and on top of that melt, a behemoth stood on all fours, staring fiercely at Xiao Yan!

The monster's body was pitch-black, and the black hair all over his body looked rather vicious, and his pupils were surprisingly black, and he looked like a tiger!

Against the background of the molten lava, it appears black and red, with terrifying limbs, and with that terrifying aura, it is a magical beast that is comparable to the perfection level of the human Seven Star Dou Emperor!

The fire beast of life and death is said to be specially responsible for guarding the fire of life and death, but wherever such beasts exist, there must be fire of life and death.

The so-called fire of life and death is not a flame, but a special medicinal material. This medicinal material is born at the intersection of flame and ice, and the medicinal material is surrounded by flames, hence the name.

"Hoohoo!" The pupils of the life-and-death fire beast were full of provocation. It didn't understand, what kind of confidence did this human being in front of, dare to go deep into the molten world!

"Hehe, I'm not malicious."

"I came here this time, firstly to enter the legendary spring of life and death, and secondly to obtain the fire of life and death." Xiao Yan naturally knew that the monster in front of him would definitely understand human words, so he spoke directly.

"Human, your appetite is too big!"

"But I have to admire your courage, you are the most courageous among so many people here!" The Fire Beast of Life and Death opened his mouth to speak.

"Whether it works or not, you have to try it to find out." Xiao Yan also smiled, with a bit of killing intent in his smile.

If it were someone else or another magical beast, Xiao Yan might still be afraid, but this fire beast of life and death is also of fire attribute, and don't forget, the two are still in the molten world.

Being in the molten world, there is no doubt that there is an increase in the increase of life and death fire beasts, but if it is true, I am afraid that Xiao Yan is the biggest winner. After all, Xiao Yan's cultivation technique is still physical. For flames, it seems like a natural stunner.

So fighting in this lava world, even if the strength of the life and death fire beasts reaches the unprecedented Seven Star Dou Emperor Consummation, Xiao Yan is not afraid at all!

"Death!" The Fire Beast of Life and Death also seemed to find that the flame on Xiao Yan's body was unusual and immediately stopped talking nonsense with Xiao Yi, because the mission of the Fire Beast of Life and Death, on the one hand, was to protect the entrance of the Eryi Spring of Life and Death, and on the other hand It also protects the fire of life and death.

The fire beast of life and death had just finished speaking, when the molten slurry under its feet suddenly shook violently, and then it turned into a behemoth and walked directly towards Xiao Yan.

"Little trick." Seeing this, Xiao Yan said something softly, although he felt an extremely huge power fluctuation from it.

Then Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, and his fingers flashed a trace of the power of the khaki holy flame, and suddenly whizzed away at the molten creatures in front of him!

"Boom boom boom!" The khaki holy flame just hit the molten creature, and the molten creature suddenly collapsed and turned into molten slurry.

"This human..."

"It seems a little scary." Until this moment, the fire beast of life and death knew that this guy was different from the group of people who came before!

Although the strength of the previous group was stronger than this guy, from the beginning to the end, they never made the Fire Beast feel such a severe pressure. Share fear!

"Old guy, come again!" Xiao Yan was playing happily, and immediately called out, since he came to this molten slurry, Xiao Yan felt that his combat power has skyrocketed. I am afraid that in this molten slurry, he will not use his trump card to deal with it. In the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, the powerhouses can do it without any effort!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Ask for tickets!