Chapter Vol 4 1162: Holy flame fire!

Just after Xiao Yan and Qingming entered the secret passage, they separated from each other. After all, this secret passage extends in all directions. When entering a secret passage this time, there will be special auction personnel to communicate with each other, so there is no need to worry too much about others.

"It seems that the power of this ghost king city, even I didn't expect the importance of the undead leaves. Compared with these guys, the chips in my hand seem to be a little too low." Xiao Yan smiled helplessly, after all I just came to the ghost world, and I was not well prepared, and I didn't know in advance that the highlight of this auction was the undead leaves, otherwise it wouldn't be so shabby.

The current Xiao Yan only has a prototype of a fourth-grade immortal rank medicinal pill in his hand. This kind of bargaining chip is obviously not qualified in the auction just now.

"Damn, it seems that I can't bear the child and can't get the wolf." Xiao Yan smiled bitterly, and then started to walk, but a small trace of origin was clearly separated from the ghost-faced soul Yanjing Yanjing in the sea of ​​fighting qi in his body. Zhili, I don't know what Xiao Yan wants to do.

"Squeak." After walking for about ten steps, there was a wooden door in front of the secret passage. Xiao Yan gently pushed it open and suddenly a rather delicate small private room came into view.

"Haha, the respected third-rank pharmacist of the imperial rank, I have been admiring it for a long time." Just as Xiao Yan entered it, a rude voice suddenly entered his ears.

"Bai He?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but be surprised when he saw this.

Because the one who appeared in the private room and waited for Xiao Yan was none other than the second strongest man in the entire city lord's mansion, Bai He, who was the late two-star fighting immortal!

"I didn't expect to let Lord Bai He come in person." Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled slightly, obviously the pressure this guy put on him was not small.

"Your Excellency is a third-grade emperor-level pharmacist. In my ghost king city, you should be treated like this." Bai He smiled, but he was a little surprised. He should have sensed the breath just now, the strength of this kid in front of him, It seems that there is only one star fighting immortal in the early stage?

"Master Bai is very polite, let's get down to business." Xiao Yan laughed and said.

"I don't know what Master Alchemist is going to use as a bargaining chip to bid on the undead leaves this time?" Bai He heard this and looked forward to Xiao Yan.

Bai He could see that Xiao Yan was quite young. At such a young age, he had reached the early stage of a one-star Dou Xian, and even his alchemist skills had reached the third-rank emperor rank. All these things showed that behind this guy, it is very likely that there is a very It is a tyrannical force, otherwise, it is impossible to achieve what it is today with just one person!

"This is what I bid for this time." The next moment, Xiao Yan did not hesitate and said directly.

What was reflected in Baihe's pupils was a rather rounded pill the size of a dragon's eye, exuding extremely tyrannical fluctuations.

"This is…"

"What a strong fluctuation!"

"This fluctuation alone is likely to be comparable to the elixir of the fourth-grade immortal rank and the peak of the sky... But it is a pity that this is only a prototype elixir." Bai He immediately gave his evaluation, after all, Xiao Yan But the city lord had asked the guy who had special care.

"I believe that Lord Baihe also knows that although a prototype medicine pill is not as good as those real medicine pills, its value is probably on the same level." Xiao Yan looked at Bai He's pupils showing a trace of heat. Open mouth.

"Hey, Master Alchemist, this thing is good or not, but as a Alchemist, I believe you are more aware of the value of undead leaves."

"The Immortal Leaf is related to the Holy Flame of the Undying Fire. If Master Alchemist can get it, maybe he can find the Holy Flame of Undying Fire. At that time, Master Refining Medicine must be even more powerful, so the value of this Undying Leaf is naturally very high. It's just the prototype pill of this immortal-rank fourth-grade heaven-rank peak..." Bai He said in a word.

"It's really a cunning and cunning old fox." Xiao Yan cursed bitterly in his heart.

"The rudimentary medicinal pills are quite rare. When refining medicinal pills, you only need to add medicinal materials to volatilize the medicinal effect, which saves many tedious steps." Xiao Yan said.

"Lord Alchemist, to tell you the truth, someone has already come up with a bigger bargaining chip. If you don't take out some things that are at the bottom of the box, I'm afraid this is an immortal leaf..." Bai He said in a low voice when he saw this.

"Is it the guy from the private room No. 1?" Xiao Yan said slowly without being surprised at all.

"Your Excellency really expects things like God." Bai He was not surprised when he heard it. After all, he was a simple pharmacist who could reach the third rank of Emperor Rank at such an age.

"If that's the case, I still have one more thing." However, the next moment, within Xiao Yan's body, a strange flame with a hint of cyan slowly emerged from his body.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This is..." And with the appearance of this cyan flame, the entire small room was suddenly filled with a more powerful force!

Ghostly!

In the ghost world, most of the powerhouses are unidentified, they may be souls, or they may be three souls and seven souls, and only real human beings can devour the holy flame!

Otherwise, if an ordinary soul or a body with three souls and seven souls devours the holy flame, it will be instantly wiped out by the holy flame!

There is only one exception. In the ghost world, there are two flames of the ghost world. These two flames of the ghost world have been contaminated with countless ghosts. They are the great supplements dreamed by the ghost world!

One of them is ghost face and soul inflammation.

"What kind of flame is this!" The next moment, Bai He's pupils shrank tightly, his eyes locked on the blue flame in Xiao Yan's hand. UU reading www. uukanshu.com

"What is this, I believe that Lord Baihe knows better than me." Xiao Yan said, playing with the blue flame at will, and said with a smile.

This azure flame is the holy flame flame separated by Xiao Yan from the ghost-faced soul flame holy flame crystal.

The ghost face and soul flame has been swallowed up by Xiao Yan. Even if Xiao Yan separates a trace of the source of holy flame to form the holy flame, it will not have much impact on Xiao Yan. This is Xiao Yan's last trump card!

"Such a strange and sinister power, it really is ghost face and soul flame!"

"But this flame energy seems a little weak?" Bai He whispered.

"Hey, holy flame is a wonder of heaven and earth, even I have never seen it, but when I was traveling, I accidentally got a trace of ghost face ghost flame."

"Although the power of this fire is not comparable to the real ghost face and soul flame, but because this is the ghost world, its power, I am afraid I don't need to say more." Xiao Yan did not introduce too much, after all, he knew that ghost face ghost flame was in In the ghost world, it is like an attractive lethal poison.

"Hehe, Master Alchemist is really a big hand."

"Lao, please go back and rest. I believe that after a while, the ownership of this undead leaf will be settled." Bai He said slowly.

"I hope you don't let me down." Xiao Yan put away the trace of ghost face and soul flame, and then returned the same way.

"This guy's background is a bit terrifying." The next moment, following Xiao Yan's departure, in the small private room, the figures of the city lord Sufeng and Li Qin, as well as several old men, slowly appeared.