Chapter 426: Sun Family Blood Knife!

"The Sun family?" The poison old monster was also slightly surprised when he heard the words.

Even if the base camp of their Wanpo Sect is not within the Xuanling royal family in the middle of Xuantian San, but in a barren land, they have long heard of this Sun family.

The Sun family, known as the **** of the Xuanling royal family, can act as a guardian in this place where the strong are like clouds, and its strength should not be underestimated!

Because if the Sun family didn't have some background, it would be impossible for them to have their current status in the Xuanling royal family!

Although it has been rumored that the Sun family does not have high-end combat power, and the strongest is only the master of the Sun family, the Eight-Star Doudi Consummation, but I don't know if there is some hidden power secretly.

"Don't mind your own business!" The poisonous old monster also snorted coldly, and there was some unpleasantness in his voice. No matter how you say it here, it is also outside Xuanling City. Come support.

And once you are supported by the Sun family, don't mention that you will have to wear fangs at that time. I am afraid that the Luding Sanhuatong that you finally got will be in jeopardy. At that time, if you want to leave, it will be difficult. .

"Hehe, although this is the outskirts of Xuanling City, it can be regarded as the area under the jurisdiction of our Sun family. You people from the Wanpo Sect should hurry up and leave." Sun Dalong fell directly from the sky. Then, Sun Dalong's slightly clumsy figure also appeared in front of the poisonous old monster.

Sun Dalong's big sword is completely black, the sword is triangular, and the edges on both sides are extremely sharp!

It's strange to say, the big knife was inserted into the ground, and it seemed that some dark power penetrated into the bottom, but the poisonous old monster didn't find it.

Sun Dalong, the elder of the Sun family, can be regarded as a legendary figure in the Sun family. After all, being able to join the elder seat at a young age is enough to demonstrate his great strength and talent!

Sun Dalong showed solid muscles all over his body, his body was extremely burly, his eyes were glaring at the poisonous old monster, and a faint terrifying aura also emanated from his body.

"It's actually from the Sun family..."

"Both of them are in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di. Besides, Old Monster Poison still has the source of the plague. It's only a matter of time..." The fangs on the towering tree were also clearly looking at the situation on the ground. , but he didn't notice that a man with a heavy ruler was slowly approaching.

"It's not that easy to take things from me." The barefooted woman also smiled slightly, apparently discovering the existence of Sun Dalong from the very beginning, so she didn't panic.

"The people of the Sun family are too stupid, right? This woman clearly wants us to fight in secret to escape. You won't be fooled by her, right?" The poisonous old monster also said solemnly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This Sun Dalong's strength, just relying on perception, the poison old monster knows, his strength is absolutely on par with himself.

The confrontation between the eight-star Dou Emperor level powerhouses is extremely difficult to distinguish in a short period of time. Moreover, the distance from Xuanling City is too close, and the poisonous old monster is also worried that the Sun family has a backer.

"It won't bother you anymore." After Sun Dalong finished speaking, he waved his hand, and a yellow beam of fighting qi immediately imprisoned the barefooted woman!

"Let go of me!" The barefooted woman was also frightened by the sudden Dou Qi beam, and in a hurry, she was directly enveloped by the yellow beam!

The yellow beam directly surrounded the barefooted woman's entire body, and then the space inside was also isolated, in order to prevent the barefooted woman from escaping suddenly.

After being enveloped, the barefoot woman found herself imprisoned!

However, the barefoot woman didn't panic at all, and stared directly at the two in front of her.

"It seems that she does have something on her..."

"We still made the right choice. Others, from Pill Valley and Tujia, including some members of the Blood Blade Mercenary Group, should be like chasing another person from the Poison Sect." Although Sun Dalong is a burly man, his mind is meticulous. Forget any detail.

"Haha." Hearing this, the poisonous old monster also snorted coldly. He obviously didn't know why he didn't discover the aura of Sun Dalong just now. It shouldn't be.

"Don't be depressed, I have something hidden in my body, so with your strength in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor, you still can't find me."

"But since there's no one else here, let's hand over that cauldron with three flower pupils, and I can keep you a whole corpse, hahaha!" Sun Dalong also laughed out loud after he finished speaking.

"Idiot talking about a dream!"

"Aren't you afraid of dying from eating?" The poisonous old monster scolded directly. He never thought that the people of the Sun family would have such a big appetite.

"It won't bother you anymore!" After Sun Dalong finished speaking, the big sword that was inserted into the ground was also pulled up instantly!

"I gave you a chance, since you don't leave...then stay here forever!" Sun Dalong shouted angrily, and then the dark sword turned blood red all over his body!

"I didn't expect it to be the famous Blood Swordsman..." Seeing this, Old Monster Poison murmured in his heart.

Rumor has it that there has always been a blood knife with extremely terrifying strength in Xuanling City!

As the name implies, it is to inject the power of one's own blood into one's fighting qi or attack, thereby exuding even greater power!

Don't look at this Sun Dalong is only the strength of the middle stage of the Eight-star Dou Emperor. If the blood knife state is stimulated, both the terror and the eight-star Dou Emperor perfection level powerhouse have the power to fight.

"Take me a move!" Sun Dalong shouted angrily, and then he waved the blood-colored sword in his hands vigorously, and slashed horizontally at the place where the poisonous old monster was!

Just as the broadsword was raised, some dark forces were slowly swimming under the ground Shabu Shabu! "The blood-colored sword fell to the ground, and a large pit that touched several dozen meters suddenly emerged from the ground of the poison old monster, and there was still a terrifying residual red grudge in the pit!

"Cough, cough..." The old monster also coughed violently. Although he had escaped Sun Dalong's attack just now, what made the old monster strange was that although the strength of this Sun Dalong's attack was extremely terrifying, it was extremely slow. It stands to reason that he should be able to escape successfully, but for some unknown reason, when Sun Dalong just attacked, Old Monster Poison felt an extremely sticky force slowing him down.

"Come again!" Seeing this, Sun Dalong was also raising the blood-colored sword, and then his figure moved quickly, ignoring the place where the poisonous old monster was, trying to attack!

"Damn bastard!"

"What the **** is it!" The poisonous old monster also scolded abruptly, obviously because of some inexplicable power, since that Sun Dalong's big sword turned bloody, his speed has been seen through by him!

No matter where he ran, he would predict it, as if his actions were seen through by Sun Dalong!

"This old poisonous monster is really confused." Under the rock, Green Flute's eyesight was extremely good, and he also saw some clues, and then spoke slightly.

The reason why the poisonous old monster's actions were seen by Sun Dalong was because of the big sword in Sun Dalong's hand!

Or rather, the dark aura that was already lurking beneath the ground, concealed by the night!

Ask for tickets!