Chapter 107: Against the mysterious thunder!

"Boom boom boom!"?

Above the sky, Xiao Yan's fist with terrifying fluctuations and an astonishing beam of light from thunderclouds all over the sky collided. The space of heaven and earth is like broken glass, and the crackling is an explosion...

"Cough, cough, cough!"

After the counterattack, Xiao Yan also hurriedly landed on the wooden house to stabilize his body.

"This mysterious thunder is indeed well-deserved."

Xiao Yan and Xuan Molei just seemed to have a simple confrontation, but it was not the case. When Xiao Yan and Xuan Molei fought against each other, Xuan Molei itself seemed to have extremely strong penetrating power. Although Xiao Yan had a strange fire protection, However, there was still some thunder power transmitted to Xiao Yan's body, and the feeling of numbness immediately spread throughout Xiao Yan's body.

Therefore, in the counterattack just now, Xiao Yan was indeed at a disadvantage.

Not far away, Yue Yu also clearly noticed a trace of Xiao Yan's state. Just as she was about to make a move, she had no choice but to stare at some old monsters hiding in the dark, so she had to stop.

Then he frowned. Even with Yueyu's experience, this mysterious thunder was only known by its name, but it was unexpected that when I saw it today, this mysterious thunder truly deserves to be called an alchemist killer.

And looking at the empty sky at that moment, the third elder's complexion also became very exciting. This kind of grand occasion is rare.

"Boom!"

Above the sky, a terrifying energy storm was raging frantically, and the space within a radius of 100 zhang turned into pitch black at this moment. Down, all collapse!

Looking at the pitch-black space in the sky, the expressions of most people have changed. Even if they have lived for so many years, it is still rare for an alchemist of this level to meet Dan Lei. If they are caught in the energy storm in the thundercloud, with their strength, I am afraid that they will not be able to support them for two breaths of time, and even their souls will be shattered in it.

"Then Xiao Yan actually dared to fight against the mysterious thunder."

"That is a mysterious thunder that is comparable to some extremely powerful four-star Dou Emperor peak powerhouses..."

When the elders in the attic saw this scene, they couldn't help but murmured in surprise.

"Then Xiao Yan is the peak strength of Samsung Dou Di. If you have to deal with a mysterious thunder, it is not a big problem."

"But if there are so many mysterious demons Lei Xiaoyan can handle alone..." The third elder who was dressed in commoner glanced at the sky and said indifferently.

"The power of this kind of mysterious thunder is extremely terrifying. Even the ordinary four-star Dou Emperor powerhouse would not dare to take the blow just now."

"Samsung Dou Emperor Peak?"

Hearing this, the elders in the baskets on the side were slightly shocked. Although they had expected it, when they heard the confirmation of the third elder, they couldn't help but feel a little shocked. They practiced so much. It took so many years to finally reach the level of the four-star Dou Emperor today, but that Xiao Yan, at such an age, not only reached the level of the peak of the three-star Dou Emperor, but also the refining technology is even more consummate, and so on. But they all surpassed them, which really made people have to obey.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hey hey, this kid is really unexpected. I didn't expect that this time he would be able to draw out a thundercloud of the level of Xuan Molei..." In the Alchemist Association, a white-haired old man also looked at the terrifying sky in the sky. Leiyun laughed.

"Why does this person look like Xiao Yan?"

"Impossible, how could Xiao Yan have obtained the imperial medicine pill..." A bald head in the group muttered to himself.

"Mu'er, what are you looking at?" the man in gray asked.

"It's nothing, let's go." The bald head muttered something impossible.

Black lightning flickered in Xiao Yan's black eyes, Xiao Yan's palm lightly stroked the equally dark heavy ruler behind him, and muttered in a low voice.

"Boom!"

The black lightning intersected in the dark clouds more and more intensely. After arriving, the atmosphere of the whole sky became extremely depressed. After about ten seconds, the thunderclouds all over the sky cracked open. Immediately, a huge black thunder about half a foot long and wide, with a loud noise resounding through the heavens and the earth.

The black giant thunder was like a huge black python, staring at Xiao Yan viciously, and then spit out a snake letter, as if it was going to tear Xiao Yan apart!

The black python shot violently out of the dark cloud, and the target it shot was Xiao Yan above the wooden house...

Seeing the black python transformed by Xuan Molei crashing down, Xiao Yan's eyes flashed a dignified look, and when he grasped it in the palm of his hand, a huge ancient ruler of different fires flashed out.

"The flame divides the wave ruler!"

With a low voice, the shadow of the ruler appeared densely in an instant, and within two or three breaths, it turned into an airtight shadow with the power of the huge flame, wrapping Xiao Yan's body as much as possible.

"Bang!"

The black python came with a bang. When it passed through the surrounding space in the sky, although it was weakened a little by the power of the flame, it still carried a might of heaven and earth, biting on the foot of the shadow fiercely. Immediately, the sound of explosions and thunderous thunders resounded through the heavens and the earth.

Anger thundered down, and countless tiny lightning bolts were shot out by the ruler, densely packed like tiny silver snakes, smashing the entire wooden house.

"Crack!"

The shadows of the rulers are layered on top of each other, as if they are endless, they take over all the terrifying giant thunders. After a while, a low shout sounded, and several huge rulers suddenly intersected, and immediately shot out, slamming into the sky. Above the thundercloud.

The thundercloud that filled the sky was split open by the latter.

With one move to split the angry thunder, Xiao Yan also took a deep breath, clenched his numb palm, then lifted the heavy ruler heavily, raised his head, and shouted, "Come here!"

It seemed like a tiny crack was caused by Xiao Yan's attack, and the dark cloud that was surging became more and more violent. After a while.

The clattering sound resounded again, and a black thunder that was twice as strong as the previous one shot out from the black cloud again.

"It's you who's waiting!"

Looking at the black sky thunder that traverses the sky with fiery eyes, Xiao Yan laughed loudly, and his hands formed lightning-like knots.

"Huangquan Palm! Break it for me!"

The terrifying power of flames appeared all over the huge energy handprint, and then emerged in front of Xiao Yan, and immediately shuddered, roared out, and finally met the giant with no flinch in the countless shocking gazes below. Thunder.

"Bang!"

The energy handprint collided with the giant thunder, and the huge black light and colorful flames exploded like fireworks in the sky. It was extremely tenacious and slammed towards Xiao Yan.

"As expected of the power of heaven and earth, but I want to see how many times you can resist!"

Looking at the silver thunder that actually forcibly shattered Huang Quan's palm, Xiao Yan's eyes flashed with surprise, he immediately smiled, and the fingerprints moved again.

Because Xiao Yan also discovered that this originally terrifying mysterious lightning was slowly weakening under his own attack.

Then, Xiao Yan's dark eyes also had a different thought.

Everyone, it's cold and put on clothes~