Chapter Vol 4 1672: The Secret of a Pure Heart!

"Master of the Holy Flame, let's capture it!" The leader of the Demon Guard was at a height below zero, the pure white light group on the palm of his hand kept shaking, and a trace of mysterious and unpredictable power spread out.

"Damn... What the **** is this?" Xiao Yan's eyes were extremely solemn, floating in the air, the power of the holy flame in his body was greatly restricted.

"Seeing that your death is imminent, I will tell you with great compassion."

"This is a pure heart!"

"It's the most powerful thing that is specifically aimed at Holy Flame." Seeing Xiao Yan sitting quietly in the void like a mouse that could easily be captured, the Demon Guard leader roared, his tone was quite indifferent, and he said with a sure-to-win demeanor.

"Pure Heart?" As soon as the Demon Guard leader's voice fell, Xiao Yan also noticed something and was surprised.

"Pure heart, this is the product of the countless arrogances of their extraterritorial evil clan."

"Having it is enough to limit half of the holy flame power of the holy flame controller, and once the source of holy flame is contaminated by the pure heart, it will be completely suppressed by its seal, as short as a few hundred years, as many as a thousand years. The power of holy flame."

"It can be said to be the most outstanding masterpiece among the evil tribes outside the territory." At this time, You Er approached and explained.

"..." Xiao Yan heard the words, but did not speak, but looked solemnly at the pure heart wrapped in white light above the Demon Guard leader.

"The ability to control holy flames such as Huoxin Tianyan in the middle stage of the Four-Star Dou Xian is enough to show that your strength and talent are extraordinary, but our demon guards will not let anyone threaten our grand plan of mankind..."

"It's over!" After the Demon Guard finished speaking, his palms tumbled suddenly. Immediately, the white light shook violently, and bursts of strange patterns spread out like energy ripples.

"Be careful!" You Er hurriedly released his dazzling soul power, trying to protect Xiao Yan.

"Is there a solution to this thing?" Xiao Yan took a deep breath and turned to ask.

"no."

"There are countless strong people in the world, and no one can find a way to crack it."

"Once you are contaminated with a pure heart, I am afraid that the holy flame in your body will be completely suppressed and sealed." You Er said solemnly.

"Since that's the case, I don't believe in this evil!"

"Thunderfire Hell King!" Xiao Yan's expression was shocked when he heard the words, and the thunder attribute power of the soul clone in his body instantly emerged, and immediately crashed into Xiao Yan's flames. At that time, a huge figure like a giant that lifted the sky suddenly emerged.

"Good trick." Seeing this, the four demon guards couldn't help but be surprised. Obviously, Xiao Yan's handwriting was far beyond their imagination.

"Light of Purity!" The Demon Guard didn't take it seriously, his palms were rolling, and the endless white light fell off the Heart of Purity, and immediately whistled away at Xiao Yan.

"Damn!" The white light that fell from the pure heart just touched the Thunder Fire Hell King, and suddenly the Thunder Fire Hell King's indestructible body surface, the flame power was like a weak fire encountering a flood, and disappeared in an instant, leaving only the thunder attribute.

"It's too strong..." You'er was in the situation, and naturally felt Baimang's suppression of the power of Saint Flame, such a tyrannical power is probably something Xiao Yan can stop.

"Xiao Yan, will you go to the shrine of the Lord of Souls?" You Er said abruptly, seeing Xiao Yan struggling to cope with the monstrous white light.

"I will go to... the temple of the Lord of the Soul, where is there anything I need?" Xiao Yan didn't know that You Er would ask such a question, so he could only grit his teeth and say.

"If that's the case, then I'll give you a chance to enter the shrine of the Lord of Souls in the future, maybe you can repay me well." As soon as the voice fell, the black robe covering You Er disappeared, revealing the dazzling soul body.

"not good!"

"Stop her for me!" The Demon Guard leader who kept urging his pure heart suddenly realized something and said suddenly, his voice was full of extreme urgency.

"Soul skill, Mi Tianyin." After a while, You Er laughed slowly, and then the whole body burned violently like a flame. After the blink of an eye, a wave of sound centered on itself and suddenly spread out towards the surrounding area. .

"Weng buzzing!" The sound wave slowly spread, but it was as shocking as a magic sound, which made everyone present tense, and the movements in their hands became slow.

"The King of Thunder and Fire, eliminate it!"

"Dragon God's first transformation, the third transformation!"

"Fire explosion!"

"Swallowing Flame Technique!" For a time, while the four demon guards were sluggish by the attack of You'er Soul, the power in Xiao Yan's body tumbled violently, and his strength soared to the half-step five-star Fighting Immortal level in an instant. With the blessing of the Dragon God Transformation, Xiao Yan's arm turned into a strange cyan color, dragon scales appeared on the cyan arm, and under the dragon scales, there was an extremely obscure dominant fluctuation, which slowly showed.

"Bring it to me!" Xiao Yan's figure burst out like a ghost, and immediately slapped the Demon Guard with his palm.

"Ahhh!" Being attacked by the soul force, the Demon Guard's defensive power and use of Dou Qi became extremely slow for a while, so the pure heart in his hand was directly robbed by Xiao Yan.

"This... is the so-called Holy Flame Killer, the Heart of Purity?" Just after the Heart of Purity was obtained, both the Holy Flame and Holy Flame Heart in Xiao Yan's body erupted with extreme fearful fluctuations, Xiao Yan couldn't help but put it in front of him and looked at it carefully. stand up.

"Gudong." With a sound, the white light surrounding the pure heart disappeared completely and transformed into its true form.

This is a palm-sized crystal block. The crystal block as a whole is like a human heart, and the whole is red. There is even a trace of scarlet blood on top of this blood crystal, constantly flowing, but those crystals seem to be faint. About the outline of a miniature version of a human woman, the woman is full of violence and unrestrained, expressing endless sadness.

"Pure heart... The composition of this thing is actually human?"

"No...Is this the blood of a human woman?"

"So...the Holy Flame Killer was born like this!"

"Despicable, despicable, despicable!" In an instant, Xiao Yan seemed to sense the composition of a pure heart, and immediately laughed out loud.

"The composition of the pure heart, even among the alien races, is classified as a secret. Have you noticed anything?"

"Xiao Yan, are you alright?" Seeing Xiao Yan falling into a frantic laughter, You Er just calmed down the ghost qi in his body, and immediately said.

"Hahaha!"

"What if you know?"

"Humans, still need human restraint!"

"Pure heart, detonate it."

"Bloom with the luster that belongs to you, and completely suppress and wipe out this holy flame!" After a while, the threat of You'er's soul attack dissipated, and the leader of the Demon Guard laughed loudly.

"Gudonggudonggudong!" With the roar of the Demon Guard, the pure heart standing on the palm of Xiao Yan's palm suddenly beat violently like a heart, and then an elegant and beautiful woman suddenly emerged from the crystal of the pure heart. , At the same time, an extremely tyrannical imprisoning force is also slowly brewing, and it will explode at any time. .

At this time, Xiao Yan's heart was filled with horror, but behind this shock, there was a touch of madness that was close to extreme, and...

A touch of anger!