Chapter Vol 4 1137: 9-color battle immortal robbery?

"Boom!" The thunder boomed, as if the sky was collapsing and the earth was torn apart. One after another huge thunder continued to emerge above Yinyuetan, as if looking for a target, but after a long time, no target was found, and it rushed back to Leiyun. Among them, the thundercloud also became more and more splendid under such repetition.

At this time, above the Thunder Cloud of Dou Xian Tribulation, there are already as many as eight colors. Even if this is the case, it is still not finished. The eight Thunder Clouds are strangely surrounded by a circle, and the center of the circle is , The thunder that changed the color of the world slowly was born, as if a more terrifying thunder cloud seemed to be brewing!

"What a monster!" When Yu Quan below saw this scene, a trace of jealousy appeared on the corner of his mouth.

Because he knows that the higher the intensity of the Immortal Fighting Tribulation he has passed, it also proves that his potential in the future is limitless. Just by passing through the Six-Colored Immortal Fighting Tribulation, he will be able to have a high position in the Ghost King Chengyu's family. As for the Ghost King City The big man among them is going through the colorful battle of immortal robbery.

And those who can survive the Eight-Colored Immortal Tribulation are undoubtedly not the overlords of a small world. As for the Nine-colored, I am afraid they can already be the best in the entire Li Soul Realm!

As for the legendary Dou Immortal Tribulation, which is more powerful than the Nine-Colored Dou Immortal Tribulation, from ancient times to the present, in their entire Li Soul Domain, only the Master of Li Spirit has achieved that!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

But who is the Lord of Li Soul?

In the ghost world, in addition to the real power in the center of the ghost world, the Lord of Li Soul can be said to be the only one who exists in the entire ghost world.

But this guy in front of him actually attracted eight-colored thunderclouds, which made Yu Quan want to kill.

The strength of Dou Xian Jie symbolizes the potential for future achievements. The Lord of Li Soul has proved this very well, so Yu Quan will never let this guy grow up.

"I don't know if it's Xiao Yan or that kid from the Qing family, no matter who you are, this time, I won't let you go back alive." After Yu Quan finished speaking, he slowly calmed down.

"What a strong fluctuation." At this time, Xiao Yan was in the Guiyuejing Pill Hall. Through perception, he found the eight-colored thundercloud above Yinyuetan, and couldn't help but say with a dignified expression.

The tyrannical level of these eight-colored thunderclouds was much more tyrannical than Xiao Yan's previous refining pills. At this moment, Xiao Yan had to take it seriously.

Xiao Yan was warned a lot by the Soul Eater Lord about the horror of Dou Xian Jie, how could there be any eggs under the nest?

"Senior, is there a way to transfer this thundercloud to my holy flame space?" Xiao Yan thought for a while before speaking.

Because he knew that the eight-color thundercloud might not be able to reach his limit. If he accidentally jumped out a nine-color thundercloud, and there were many people here, he might cause him a lot of trouble. Just said this.

Moreover, after the Battle of Immortal Tribulation, Xiao Yan had to devour the wood attribute in Tianmu Awakening. Obviously, it was impossible to leave the Pill Palace. After all, only the mysterious place of the Pill Palace was the best place to retreat and practice. Once he left here, There is no such good opportunity.

"small issue."

"It's up to me." Soul Eater naturally knew Xiao Yan's concerns, and said softly.

The next moment, the figure of Soul Eater disappeared like a ghost, and after a while, he was wriggling beside the eight-color thundercloud, and he waved his palm lightly at the eight-color thundercloud, and suddenly the eight-color thundercloud seemed to be affected. Frightened, it was directly absorbed by the Lord of Soul Eater.

The next moment, the Master of Soul Eater squirmed in the holy flame space in Xiao Yan's body, and then the eight-color thundercloud was brought back completely by him.

With such a move, the Yuquan standing above Yinyuetan didn't show any clues, and the eight-color thundercloud disappeared, but they dissipated because they thought it was the failure of the transcendence.

"What a terrifying method." Xiao Yan couldn't help but exclaimed, but the next moment, looking at the eight-color thundercloud full of danger in the holy flame space, he didn't think about other things, his mind sank, and he directly urged the burning duel and fighting Nucleus, mobilizing all the power in the body, he also wants to see how many tribulations he can trigger!

"Boom boom boom!" The thunder cloud in the holy flame space was continuously sent out with extremely huge fluctuations, as if trying to obliterate Xiao Yan, let him know that there is only one end to dare to use the body of a mortal to cross the calamity of immortals. Fall!

"Gulugulu." In just a few breaths, in the center of the circle surrounded by the eight-color thunderclouds, a splendid thundercloud burst out. Just after the thundercloud came out, Xiao Yan shuddered, because He could smell an irresistible wave from the ninth color thundercloud.

"Nine-color fighting immortal robbery..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but muttered, obviously to deal with this nine-color fighting immortal robbery, I am afraid it would be quite difficult to use all his powers.

"Don't worry, try to activate your third holy flame." Just when Xiao Yan was about to withdraw his hand and was about to cross the calamity, the Soul Eater said.

"Ah?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan was stunned. This nine-colored immortal tribulation alone would make him feel like a great enemy. If it were a more powerful immortal tribulation, I'm afraid...

"Do you know the Lord of Li Soul?" The Lord of Soul Eater looked at Xiao Yan's doubtful eyes and said lightly.

"The mighty figure in the ghost world, the master of the spirit realm, and the enemy of your predecessors," Xiao Yan said.

"He has survived the ten-color battle of immortal tribulation..." The Soul Eater's voice was filled with regret and said.

"what?"

"He has survived the Ten-Colored Immortal Tribulation?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but asked in surprise.

"When he was promoted to Dou Xian, he survived the 10-color Dou Xian Tribulation, and then his training was like sitting on a rocket, and he was able to achieve his current status."

"Although I don't dare to say that his potential is related to the Immortal Fighting Tribulation, but I think you should give it a try and give it a try. Even if you fail, there is still me."

"With me here, nothing will happen to you." At the end of the sentence, the Soul Eater said decisively, his voice full of seriousness and rare unquestionable.

"Ten-colored fighting for immortal robbery..." Xiao Yan stared at the increasingly bright nine-color thundercloud in the Holy Flame space, but a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

"How strong is the power of ten colors?" Xiao Yan asked.

"do not know."

"However, in the last nine-colored half-fighting immortal tribulation that I survived, I was seriously injured, and it took me several years to recover before I recovered."

"Although you have holy flame in your body, the power of the Ten-Colored Fighting Immortal Tribulation is probably still devastating to you."

"However, what is certain is that it will be a good thing for your future cultivation to survive the ten-color battle."

"From time immemorial to the present, only the master of the soul in the entire ghost world knows that he has survived the ten-color battle of immortal tribulation." The master of the soul eater said.

"It's really hard to ride a tiger..." Xiao's eyes were uncertain, obviously hesitant.

"Everything is up to you." The Soul Eater looked at Xiao Yan, who was in deep thought, and said slowly.

The Lord of Soul Eater was very hopeful that Xiao Yan would overcome the ten-colored immortal tribulation, but he also knew that forcing one person too hard might only be worth the loss.

"Ten-colored fighting immortal robbery..."

"I'll give it a try." When Soul Eater was a little discouraged, Xiao Yan laughed, and the laughter was clearly filled with an unruly and frightening atmosphere!