Chapter Vol 4 1600: Thunder Fire Hell!

"Damn... What kind of power is this?" Looking at Ling Yu who was aloof, with a dominance-like attitude, and looking at the complex version of the gaze pupil beside him, Xiao Yan's heart was filled with horror.

At this time, the eyes of staring at Ling Yu's side are also full of the power of the extremely bright two holy flames, but the power of the holy flames is extremely weak, and some evil powers have been added by them, so the four-star fighting immortal perfection level With his strength displayed, it was naturally an overwhelming victory against Xiao Yan who was in the weak state of the four-star Dou Xian early stage.

"Little chops!"

"Forcing all my cards out is worthy of your title as the Master of Saint Flame."

"However, this time, it's time to end." Ling Yu's palm shook slowly, and the replica version of the staring holy flame pupil was grasped on the palm of his hand, and he said grimly.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"Next, I am afraid that only the power of the clan mark and the battle formation master..." Suddenly, aware of the extremely dazzling power in the Lingyu domain, Xiao Yan muttered to himself.

"It's almost over... But this little guy, I hope this Ling Yu can force his potential out." The Soul Eater, who was located high in the sky, pierced through Ling Yu's domain and saw Xiao Yan who was in trouble. , laughed.

Xiao Yan has many treasures on his body, such as spiritual power, clan marks, and soul power, etc., and only through the crisis of life and death can he be completely forced out.

"Go to hell!" A cold snort sounded like a thunderbolt, bursting directly at Xiao Yan with an unstoppable aura of destruction.

"You want to kill me just because of this?"

"Idiot talking about a dream!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and the khaki-colored Fire Heart Heavenly Rock and the blue-colored ghost face soul flames filled out at the same time.

"I don't know why you are able to have two holy flames, but the strength of the mere four-star fighting immortal early stage is not enough, so... it is over." As soon as the words fell, the duplicate version of staring at holy flames came directly to Xiao Yan. , about to explode.

"Hold me up!" Xiao Yan didn't have time to make any unnecessary movements at this time. The power of the two holy flames was combined with soul power and spiritual power, and they were directly displayed, and they met the replica staring at the holy flame pupil. .

"Boom!" Wave after wave of destruction ripples spread out in Lingyu Domain. At that time, Lingyu Domain was completely destroyed by this terrifying explosion.

"Cough cough!" Reluctantly resisting the copy version of Staring Sheng Yantong, a big hand of black energy slapped Xiao Yan's body with a slap, and Xiao Yan's body couldn't help being slapped with several scars.

"Four-star Dou Xian is still too weak in the early stage..."

"I will always be your invincible genius, if you want to beat me, unless..."

"There are two Xiao Yan!"

"Susu!" The gloomy voice sounded like the victor was reading a declaration of victory.

"Two Xiao Yan?" Xiao Yan muttered with blood dripping from the corner of his mouth because he was attacked one after another by Ling Yu.

"It's over, the last blow, send you to hell, Tianming tearing the devil's hand!" A roar, at that time, Ling Yu's whole body was completely replaced by an incomparably evil black aura, and an evil giant hand with a size of a hundred feet, carrying a monstrous hand to the sky. Evil power suddenly appeared in this void, even in the void, filled with endless screams.

"It's just two Xiao Yan... Who said we don't have any?" After the breath, a gray white light appeared in Xiao Yan's body, and a tyrannical light burst out from Xiao Yan's body immediately, with a touch of terror. The fluctuations permeated this world.

"How is that possible?" Ling Yu couldn't help but say when he saw this, because with his perception, the power contained in this white glow, the spirit has the terrifying fluctuations that destroy him.

"I am you, and you are me, no matter when, we are one... So let this guy see our true strength!" Xiao Lei finished speaking, dazzling thunders appeared all over his body, among those thunders, There is no lack of some thunder master's gray source power, and even a lot of tyrannical power, and after a while, all of them are irrigated towards Xiao Yan's body.

"Boom!" With Xiao Lei appearing, and after all his power was injected into Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan suddenly felt that his power had recovered from a weak state in an instant, and even the power of thunder that filled his body, In a violent and unbridled manner, it is like anger at Ling Yu tilting them!

The power of thunder, the king of heaven and earth!

The power of flame, Purgatory Yama!

"If that's the case, let's end it with one blow!" Seeing Ling Yu's tyrannical attack, Xiao Yan also smiled slowly. After a while, his body suddenly lifted into the air, his hands slowly opened, and the other held the incomparably bright flame Dou Qi, The other hand is holding the tyrannical power of thunder.

Whether the energies of the thunder attribute and fire attribute can rely on the neutralization of the burning decision and the soul power to display something different, a crazy idea formed in Xiao Yan's heart.

"This guy... crazy!"

"Fall for me!" A roar emerged from Ling Yu's mouth, and the evil magic hand, with monstrous evil power, blasted towards Xiao Yan.

"Whoa!"

"Thunderbolt thunderbolt!" Flame Dou Qi and Thunder Dou Qi just appeared, and the two suddenly became like fire and water, bursting with extremely tyrannical resistance, but under Xiao Yan's continuous suppression, they began to slowly merge!

"Xuuuu!" After a few breaths, the power of thunder and the power of flame slowly merged. Suddenly, in front of Xiao Yan's body, a huge creature like a guardian suddenly appeared Thunder Fire Hell, destroy me Bar! "Not long after, the guardian in front of him was full of energy giants with flames and thunder, and set foot in this piece of heaven and earth.

On the body of Thunder Fire Hell King, Xiao Yan has also added the power of two holy flames, so this level of attack has devastating power for Ling Yu, who has the power of foreign evil clan!

"Boom!" Leihuo Hades trampled over and was easily attacked by the evil devil hand, but the seemingly tyrannical evil devil did not struggle too much, and was completely beheaded by Thunderfire Hades!

"Bang bang bang!" The black evil forces were constantly being decomposed by the Thunder Fire Hell King, and even that Ling Yu was in a state of retreat.

"How... how is that possible?" Seeing that his most proud attack was so unbearable in the hands of a mere four-star Dou Xian early stage guy, Ling Yu's eyes couldn't help but become solemn.

"Crash!" The dazzling battle was completely over, and in this void, Zaidu regained its calm, but the huge body of the Thunder Fire King was still guarding Xiao Yan, as if he was the guardian of the most loyal minister. general.

"Pfft!" With a sound, his attack was broken, and a mouthful of black blood spurted out from the corner of Ling Yu's mouth.

"It's better to go first!" After a while, without any hesitation, Ling Yu turned into a streamer and was ready to escape from here. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Do you still want to run?"

"Saint flame kills evil... Let's fall completely." Xiao Yan naturally wouldn't give Ling Yu such a chance, two holy flames shot at the same time and directly wrapped Ling Yu.

"Xiao Yan, if you kill me, the court has decided not to let you go!" Ling Yu became afraid when he noticed Xiao Yan's dazzling killing intent. This Xiao Yan was definitely the first time in his life that he had met him. To such a fearless guy.