Chapter Vol 4 2233: The elf patriarch's coffin!

"Why is there a feeling of exhaustion of my evil power on this strange golden ruler?"

Feeling this kind of terrifying attack, the demon shadow evil spirit looked at Xiao Yan gloomily, the attack that this guy is performing now is definitely guided by an expert!

An attack of this level is completely different from the previous fight against him in the outside world, a world of difference!

"Today is your day of death!"

"Repression!"

Xiao Yan was majestic, and the ancient ruler in front of him swung down heavily towards the void, and the golden scorching sun in front of him immediately released circles of sacred halo, with a terrifying impact of falling into the starry sky, quickly strangling away at the demonic shadow evil spirit. .

"Want to kill me...it's not that easy!"

Feeling such a terrifying divine aura, the Demon Shadow Evil Spirit knew that he had no choice but to retreat, and immediately stretched out his palm covered with countless dark lines from the shadow, and probed towards the golden coffin in front of him!

This is the inside of the golden coffin, and the golden coffin in front of it is where the remains of the previous elf clan chief are kept. Now this move of the demon shadow evil spirit can't help but surprise Xiao Yan and the two.

"Second brother, the elf coffin is extremely rigid and mysterious, even the Great Elder can't crack it, don't worry..."

Seeing this, Xiao Yi couldn't help but sneer, this guy has no place to die today.

"Not right!"

However, Xiao Yan's huge soul power slowly conveyed a long-lost sense of fear.

"Crack!"

The crisp and harsh voice suddenly resounded through the entire dark void, and suddenly the two of them saw a stream of light shattered above the golden coffin, and drops of cyan blood dripped onto the body of the demon shadow evil spirit without reservation. !

"Old guy, die for this seat!"

"Boom!"

The cyan blood dripped, and the evil spirit's damaged source quickly recovered. Immediately, he turned his eyes to Xiao Yan behind him viciously, and instantly poured into the golden coffin.

The entire dark void became quiet and dead.

"what happened?"

Xiao Yi was a little stunned for a while, the previous elf patriarch had fallen for countless ages, why did he still have the elven blood of golden blood?

Moreover, the golden coffin is covered with countless mysterious patterns. How could this demonic evil spirit be able to decipher it so easily and enter it?

"It seems that it has eroded the corpse of this senior's coffin."

There was a buzzing sound from the ancient ruler behind Xiao Yan, even with the blessing of the six flame holy patterns and the power of Fen Jue, a coldness emerged.

"Bang bang bang!"

Just as the two hesitated, circles of mysterious runes quietly fell off the edge of the golden coffin in the dark void, and dark lines spread out, as if one after another evil cracks were about to shatter the golden coffin.

"Hoohoo!"

The next moment, above the golden coffin, circles of black demonic energy crazily emerged and spread out, enveloping the entire void.

"This guy can actually control the power of the patriarch?"

Xiao Yi looked at the golden coffin in astonishment, and it shook violently inside, as if this guy was about to break out of the ground!

"The corpse of the patriarch should still be lying in the golden coffin... It seems that this guy must be killed as soon as possible, otherwise once he regains his full strength, it will be troublesome."

Xiao Yan nodded, the majestic soul power swept out of his body.

However, just after using his soul power, Xiao Yan was surprised to find that as his soul power entered the late stage of Huayuan, the whole picture of the void here appeared in his mind without any cover!

This place was originally a light space, used to hold the corpse of the elf clan chief, but with the evil thoughts, now it has become a **** and foul-smelling space.

"Soul power!"

"Holy Mark!"

"Eternal ruler!"

There was a strange amber lustre in Xiao Yan's eyes, and the spiritual palace in his body surged, and an invisible soul force instantly bound the golden coffin tightly. The holy patterns stretched out together, and the endless holy flames and soul power formed an airtight soul fire net.

On the soul fire net, countless looming flame runes are intertwined, ancient and esoteric, and they are actually suppressing the evil aura that spreads from the golden coffin.

"The punishment of heaven and earth, the ruler of the gods!"

The high-pitched roaring sound fell, and a giant golden ruler suddenly became countless times larger. It was directly held high above his head by Xiao Yan, and immediately slashed out one foot, slashing towards the golden coffin bound by the soul fire net. go.

Although the broken ancient ruler was vulnerable to a single blow, but under the shroud of six holy patterns, the ancient flames roared directly towards the inside of the golden coffin.

Shrouded by such a terrifying power, the golden coffin turned abruptly, and the endless ancient flames actually completely evaporated all the demonic energy around the golden coffin!

"Zhu... Zhu Shenchi?"

Looking at the roaring golden ruler, there was an extremely terrifying trembling sound inside the golden coffin.

"If you want to kill me, you are still a little tender..."

Feeling the threat of death, the shadow in the golden coffin immediately let out a frantic roar, and the magic energy rolled around, causing the golden ruler to slowly move a lot.

"The power of spirits!"

Zai Du let out a low roar, and the cyan halo replaced the demonic energy and spread directly from the golden coffin. The moment it spread, it resisted Xiao Yan's attack.

"Reincarnation Seal, **** it for me!"

"Second brother, take advantage of now!"

When Xiao Yi saw this, the reincarnation mark between the eyebrows was bursting with an extremely ancient aura, and in an instant, the power of the elves above the golden coffin was completely absorbed, and the whole body was buzzing, as if it would be burst at any time!

"Die!"

Xiao Yan's eyes were awe-inspiring, all the power in his body was revolving, the ancient ruler was flickering, and the six flame holy patterns fell off and directly suppressed the golden coffin!

"Boom!"

The golden ruler exploded in an instant The power of countless vast ancient flames actually penetrated into the golden coffin, like hitting a soft shell. The sound echoes between this world!

"Wong buzzing!"

A circle of golden flames fluctuates, sweeping from the golden coffin at that time, the entire dark void is completely shattered, and countless evil auras are swallowed up by it, disappearing cleanly!

"Sisi... finally died."

After doing all this, Xiao Yan's body was covered with a sense of heaviness, but because of this time, he also gained a lot of insights into the use of the holy pattern.

"Second brother!"

Xiao Yi hurriedly came to Xiao Yan's side and opened her mouth with anxious eyes, ignoring the blood stains on her body.

"It's okay, this guy is dead."

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the Devil's Rubik's Cube emerged from his body, and with a wave of his hand, he absorbed the last trace of evil thoughts into it.

Even with this method, it is not unusual to want to stifle evil thoughts, but with the devil's cube to absorb the last trace of its origin, this guy has completely fallen here.

As for the Devil's Cube, it has absorbed a strength comparable to the fourth-level evil thoughts, but only half of it has been filled. If you use Devilization in the future, the strength will probably reach a whole new level!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: