Chapter 217: I, Xu Ni, can't afford to fail!

Just when Xu Ni was triumphantly preparing to strike Xiao Yan to death, with Xiao Yan's shout, Xu Ni also noticed that the twenty-three kinds of flames that had been compressed in one place in his thigh were suddenly fused together. , and then an extremely terrifying energy also made Xu Ni too late to prepare, and it exploded!

Xu Ni didn't have time to think too much about why these twenty-three extremely violent flame powers could offset this resistance in an instant, and immediately mobilized all the fighting qi against his thighs, and such terrifying power erupted and circled around. It is not enough to deal with the strength of the late four-star Dou Di of Yixuni.

"Bang bang bang!"

The terrifying explosion also exploded in an instant, and then the place where Xu Ni was was also shrouded in layers of smoke, and the scorching temperature in the smoke also caused both De Yueru and Mu Feng to change color slightly. vulgar.

"Go to **** with resentment!" Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, and then the huge soul force formed a huge invisible attack to face Xu Ni!

Although the power of the fusion of the twenty-three types of flames cannot be underestimated, this Xu Ni is a late stage four-star Dou Di, Xiao Yan had to be careful, and then a terrifying attack was instantly directed at the center of the explosion. Xu Ni, who was struggling to resist the power of the flames, went away!

"Huangquan Tianwu!" A terrifying attack also came to Xu Ni in an instant, and then hit Xu Ni's soul heavily!

Although Xu Ni was surrounded by a lot of smoke at the center of the explosion, this did not affect Xiao Yan's attack at all. After all, Xiao Yan, with his powerful soul power, already knew the exact location of Xu Ni in the smoke, so he also accurately hit Xu Ni. Ni.

At the center of the flame explosion, Xu Ni was concentrating on resisting the terrifying force above his thigh. Since it was the force that exploded from inside his thigh, Xu Ni had a lot of possibilities to save his leg with his powerful strength. It is also impossible to care about Xiao Yan.

At this moment, an invisible attack silently attacked the depths of Xu Ni's soul, and then Xu Ni's body stagnated for a moment, as if he had suffered heavy damage!

The moment Xu Ni paused, the terrifying flame energy also instantly destroyed Xu Ni's body with an unstoppable force. When Xu Ni came back to his senses, he roared.

"Boom boom boom!"

The explosion lasted for a few quarters of an hour and then slowly disappeared, revealing a vague figure. Yueru and Mu Feng also felt a touch of familiarity from the vague figure, it was Xu Ni!

But the latter is quite embarrassed now!

There are wounds of different degrees all over the body, and blood is slowly flowing out, and then the most obvious purpose is the blood on the hands. Obviously, it is quite difficult to deal with the terrifying flame.

Slowly looking down from Xu Ni, he was surprised to find that Xu Ni was actually standing on one foot on his left!

Taking a closer look, he suddenly found that Xu Ni's other right foot was gone!

It's just that drop by drop of blood keeps dripping from the wound!

The breath all over the body is also sluggish. Where is the aura of the powerhouse in the later stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor?

The terrifying explosion on the thigh was accompanied by the flames everywhere, and I saw that Xu Ni was also staring at Xiao Yan with a ferocious expression, and muttered to himself as if roaring out: "Little bastard, today's labor and capital will not kill you, I promise Xu Ni. Not human!"

"Haha, then it depends on whether you have this ability!" Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, some medicinal pills appeared in his hand, and then he devoured them directly into his stomach, and then looked carefully. huni.

The previous twenty-three different flame powers were obviously deliberately done by Xiao Yan himself. On the one hand, they put pressure on Xu Ni, and on the other hand, they also laid the groundwork for the fusion and explosion in Xu Ni.

These are not to say that Xiao Yan is afraid of this Xu Ni, because Xiao Yan also noticed that some people stronger than this Xu Ni are coming towards them, the words of those people...

It is only possible that it is a strong player in the points grabbing competition ranked in front of Xiao Yan, so it is not good to expose too many trump cards, so this is the reason for Xiao Yan's play.

But what Xiao Yan didn't expect was that Xu Ni didn't get rid of these flames in the first place. At first, Xiao Yan's purpose was just to distract Xu Ni. How could he think that Xu Ni actually wanted to condense and compress these flames into Together, and then refining and swallowing become your own power!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This is really a daring artist!

However, Xu Ni still miscalculated. In fact, the violent power between the twenty-three kinds of flames disappeared without a trace in Xiao Yan's body for the first time. Huge destructive power!

Then, with Xu Ni's huge strength in the late stage of the four-star Dou Di, the explosive power of these twenty-three flame fusions is not an unsolvable problem, but when Xiao Yan was concentrating on dealing with the destructive power of flames , A Huangquan Tianwu also attacked, and the short-term stagnation cost Xu Ni's life!

However, this Xu Ni is also a decisive person who is decisive when he is decisive. When Huang Quan's anger caused the insufficient supply of vindictive energy in his body and stagnated for a moment, the destructive power of the flame had spread to the entire right leg, and it was immediately a huge axe. , cut off his right leg directly!

Stop the spread of this destructive power!

This is the current scene!

I have to say that Xiao Yan also admires this decisive force very much, because it will hurt his own origin. If there is no way, he would not be willing to do this.

However, what Xu Ni did was the most correct approach, because it contained the fusion power of twenty-three terrifying flames, and the power of destruction that exploded was extremely terrifying. If Xu Ni did not cut off his right leg decisively, then once The power of destruction spreads to the whole body, so with the power of the flame, there is no need to attack at all, and this Xu Ni can be directly consumed to death!

After thinking for a while Xiao Yan's vindictive energy also recovered, and then he slowly walked towards Xu Ni.

At this time, because Xu Ni cut off his right leg, although it prevented the spread of the power of destruction, it also hurt the source, and his strength actually dropped to the middle stage of the four-star fighting emperor!

But even if it wasn't like this, Xiao Yan still had the confidence to kill this Xu Ni. After all, Xu Ni's strength was greatly reduced after the explosion of flames. At this time, he was already at the end of the game.

"It seems that I still underestimate your strength. The strength of the peak of the three-star Dou Di has swallowed the points of the remaining ash, and there are indeed two scumbags." Xu Ni said weakly, the hideous one just now had already disappeared without a shadow. Traces, some are just extremely calm now.

"However, you underestimate my Xu Ni too!"

"In the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Di, Xuni, the cracking mountain axe, is the 11th!"

"I can't lose, I can't lose to a kid in the early stage of the four-star Dou Di!"

"impossible!"

"The Crack Mountain Family does not tolerate waste!" Xu Ni roared as if crazy, and then a terrifying wave spread out.

"No, run!" Xiao Yan also shouted loudly, then before he had time to think about it, he grabbed Mu Feng and Yueru with his left and right hands, and quickly fled from here.

Xu Ni dragged his extremely embarrassed body, laughing wildly, the giant axe in his hand also exploded, and a terrifying storm that was enough to destroy the powerhouses in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Di also swept the four directions.

Ask for a ticket~