Chapter 641: Feng Ling's 7th Rank Health Power

"Xiao Yan, you must think clearly, if you insist on attacking our Rainbow Team, you will undoubtedly violate the rules of the Fenxiang Pavilion. When the elders in the pavilion are to blame, I'm afraid..." Feng Ling said coldly.

As for Xiao Yan, I am afraid that even Feng Ling, the strongest of the Rainbow Team, has little chance of winning, so he had no choice but to say this.

"Hehe, Feng Ling, don't try to tease our captain with these little tricks, hand over the token quickly if you know what you are looking for, or you might suffer from flesh and blood." Ling Xuan on the side was obviously brooding about the Rainbow Team, after all Just now these few people were in the same group as Xu Zhu, so it must not be much better, Ling Xuancai just gloated.

"You!" Seeing this, the two powerhouses in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor couldn't help but feel a little anger in their hearts, and then shouted loudly.

"Let's run separately!" The next moment, Feng Ling also realized that he seemed to have stepped on the iron plate this time, and immediately opened his mouth!

After all, Feng Ling knew that his strength had already reached the peak of the mid-stage Six-Star Dou Emperor, and he was only one step away from the late-stage Six-Star Dou Emperor, but even so, facing Xiao Yan was still a little bit of fear, so he had the last resort.

As soon as Feng Ling's voice fell, the members of the Rainbow Team scattered and fled away.

"Boom boom boom!" Just when the few people just got up, a strange wave was born within a range of about fifty meters in this space, and then it seemed like someone was imprisoned here.

"What is this?" Feng Ling was the fastest, because he had a nightmare-level red scroll and a wooden card on his body, so he had to escape. Otherwise, once Xiao Yan and a few people took it, he would undoubtedly lose his qualifications for this mission. .

"Don't run away, don't worry, they will be back with you soon." Xiao Yan slowly appeared in front of Feng Ling like a ghost.

"What the **** are you doing?" Feng Ling, as a discerning person, was naturally able to discover the connection between Xiao Yan and this strange formation, and spoke immediately.

"It's just a formation, but it's more than enough to trap you guys." Xiao Yan didn't hide it and spoke directly.

As early as when Lingxuan and Xu Zhu were fighting, Xiao Yan secretly condensed a formation in order to prevent these people from escaping.

Because this time it was a team match and the task had already been assigned, Xiao Yan always felt that the task didn't seem to be that simple. Asking Lingxuan she didn't know, so she had no choice but to take this approach.

"I can't tell, you should be the strongest in this team." Feng Ling was not in a hurry when he saw this, but calmed down slowly. Feng Ling knew that he might not be able to break this formation in a short period of time. It's open.

"It's just a fluke."

"Hand over your wooden token, although I don't know what the wooden token is for." Xiao Yan said casually.

"Hey, it seems that there are not many people who know the real secret of this wooden sign."

"Since you don't know the secret of this wooden sign, why do you want it?" Feng Ling smiled slowly, his voice full of confidence.

Although this Xiao Yan's strength cannot be figured out, this Xiao Yan's team does not know the function of the wooden card, so with himself, this Xiao Yan will definitely not do anything to him.

"Then you'll have to hand over the fight." Xiao Yan smiled with evil eyes, and a huge flame of fighting qi burst out instantly.

"Hehe, although your strength is also a six-star fighting emperor, a six-star fighting emperor who does not have the power of birth in his body and a powerhouse with the power of birth are not on the same level." Feng Ling swept away all the unpleasantness in his heart. said immediately.

"Stop talking nonsense. As for what secrets are in the wooden plaque, I have a way to know if you don't tell me." Xiao Yan smiled, and then the ancient ruler of the eternal fire appeared on the palm of his hand, and a dazzling flame suddenly covered it. .

As the flames covered, even Mu Yingying's expression couldn't help becoming serious.

"This guy." With a slight movement of her red lips, Mu Yingying clearly noticed the enormous power contained in Xiao Yan's attack, and immediately opened her mouth slightly.

"Are you using the ultimate move as soon as you come?" Feng Ling's face sank, he didn't expect this Xiao Yan to be such a ruthless and ruthless person, and he didn't solve the secret in this wooden card and attacked himself. Could he still be heard from others? Do you know the secret of this wooden sign?

However, it was too late for Feng Ling to think about it. The power of the strange fire and the ancient ruler in Xiao Yan's hand continued to superimpose. In a short period of time, a terrifying flame that Feng Ling had to take seriously was born. Facing the terrifying flame, even if It was Feng Ling, and his face changed.

"damn it!"

"This guy doesn't have any vitality in his body, why is his offensive so terrifying?" Feng Ling was extremely surprised, but he didn't stop what he was holding.

"Shabu Shabu!" Feng Ling's figure moved, and a terrifying aura burst out all over his body, and the Xeon's aura infected everyone in the formation.

"This guy's strength can actually force the captain to directly use the power of life, even if he loses, he is proud of it."

"This guy, I don't know how high the sky is, the captain is a real powerhouse in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, and the power of the seventh-rank life was born in his body. This Xiao Yan is probably only asking for trouble." The one in the Rainbow Team The two powerhouses in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor kept talking.

"Why does this Rainbow Team Captain's life force feel illusory?" The next moment, Ling Xuan's eyes narrowed slightly and she wondered.

It stands to reason that the aura emanating from a normal seventh-grade life force should be similar to the aura that Lingxuan emanated just now, but the life force emanating from Feng Ling is actually fainter than before Xuan was a lot weaker.

"This guy's strength of life, I'm afraid he has just stepped into the seventh rank. I don't know what method he used, but this is not the case with the strength of life of the seventh rank." Mu Yingying said slowly.

"The power of life is the power that replaces Dou Qi after the six-star Dou Emperor calamity What is this Feng Ling doing?" Ling Xuan immediately fell silent, obviously she couldn't figure out what Feng Ling was doing.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boy, today I'll show you what the real power of the seventh-rank student is!"

"The power of life, the seventh-grade life force turns the world!" The next moment, the figure of Feng Ling suddenly floated into the air, and then a dazzling white life force suddenly burst out from his body.

The huge power of life just burst out. Although the color is white, it is extremely transparent. Obviously, he has just stepped into the Six-Star Dou Emperor, and the power of life in his body has not been cultivated much.

"Boom boom boom!" Under the control of Feng Ling, all the energy of life slowly gathered in front of Feng Ling.

With the gathering of such terrifying power, in front of Feng Ling, a pair of black and white horror discs slowly condensed.

On the black and white disc, the power of white life occupied nearly 90%, and a terrifying wave that made everyone in Xiao Yan's formation feel numb to their scalps brewed.

"This guy's life force is actually used so skillfully..." Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes were slightly surprised, and she stared at Feng Ling.

"Hehe, is this the terrifying part of the power of life... but I have the power of holy flame." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a khaki flame immediately shot from the palm of Xiao Yan's body. The Yihuo Eternal Ancient Ruler was swept away, and the next moment, the Yihuo Eternal Ancient Ruler slowly exuded a dazzling brilliance.

Ask for tickets!