Chapter 324: Undefeated God of War? Ashes!

The terrifying mental coercion and vindictive coercion suppressed Xiao Yan's entire body a little bit, and even the bones in Xiao Yan's body were pressed down with slight noises.

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan was also panting with some difficulty, and then he looked at Old Zhu in front of him with fiery eyes.

Judging from the degree of vindictiveness just now, even if it is not comparable to that of the Xuanling King, the strength is not much different.

"Hey, are you qualified to be your teacher now?" Elder Zhu also smiled slowly, it seemed that he stared at this kid without showing a hand, this kid really thinks he is...

"I'd better call you Zhu Lao, otherwise I'll always feel weird." Xiao Yan also said.

"It's okay, it's just the name, I haven't paid much attention to it yet." Elder Zhu also smiled slowly.

"Old Zhu, the undefeated God of War - Ashes..." Xiao Yan also said curiously.

"Hehe, why, you kid is curious now?" Elder Zhu also stared at Xiao Yan, slowly turning his head, and at the same time his breath was restrained.

"This undefeated God of War has a rather long history..."

"Since you are my disciple, then I will also tell you." Elder Zhu also said slowly, and then looked at the scrolls of the formations in the wooden house. At the same time, under Xiao Yan's careful induction, It was found that an extremely proud wave emanated from this old Zhu Lao.

"Um."

"Elder Zhu, please speak." Xiao Yan was also quick-witted, then moved a stool and slowly gave it to Elder Zhu in front of him, and said.

"Do you know the origin of our burning incense..." Elder Zhu also said.

"The history of Burning Incense Pavilion..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It is said that the origin of the Burning Incense Pavilion is to collect only fire-type fighting qi, and it must be a man. There is no woman in the pavilion. It seems that the yang is prosperous and the yin is declining."

"Moreover, it is rumored that the pavilion master of Wanhua and the pavilion owner of Fenxiang have a relationship. It is not clear what it is. This is the origin of the incense." Xiao Yan also spoke slowly.

"What you know is just the tip of the iceberg."

"Our Burning Incense Pavilion and their Wanhua Pavilion do have some origins, but it's not the kind you know."

"Also, our Fenxiang Pavilion has collected female disciples from the beginning, and Wanhua Pavilion has also collected male disciples, but the number is only the number of hands, so outsiders only know what you said." Zhu Lao Also slowly.

"Well..." Xiao Yan also replied in a soft voice, but then he felt extremely tyrannical shock in his heart, because this Burning Incense Pavilion and Wanhua Pavilion actually have a deeper relationship, which made Xiao Yan quite interested.

After all, I heard from my master Jinlong King that Yan Chi seemed to have some connection with Fenxiang Pavilion before, so he was very interested in these.

"Old Zhu, I don't know the origin..." Xiao Yan also noticed something unpleasant in the cafeteria of Zhu Lao in front of him. He immediately paused for a while, and then opened his mouth.

"What I'm telling you now is the top secret of my Burning Incense Pavilion, you should know..." Elder Zhu also said with some vigilance.

"I know!" Xiao Yan also responded. Obviously, this top secret is also kept secret. Old Zhu can tell Xiao Yan himself, but he can't let a third party know.

"The origin of our Burning Incense Pavilion begins with the battle with the evil race outside the territory ten thousand years ago..."

"At the beginning of the infighting of the seven realms, they were constantly fighting for resources, and they were constantly invading the lower planes of other realms in an attempt to expand their power..."

"After the battle with the aliens, the peak powerhouses in the seven realms found that they underestimated the power of the aliens, so they also suffered heavy losses, but in the end, many of our seven realms barely won, and the aliens were defeated. The evil race drove them out, so that the Seven Realms returned to peace."

"However, although the Seven Realms have returned to calm, each of the planes under the management of the Seven Realms has been fluctuated by the forces of the evil races outside the territory, and the terrifying evil forces have also made some lower planes a mess... …”

"The Xuanling Continent on the Dou Di Continent is the continent that has been most seriously affected by the evil races outside the territory."

"At that time, the founder of our Burning Incense Pavilion came to Xuantian Santian and found that the emperor's energy here is very strong and suitable for cultivation, so it took a lot of effort to expel the evil power of the foreign evil race, and then create a new After the Burning Incense Pavilion, the founders of some other super sects also came one after another, thus creating the sect..."

"But at that time, there was a fierce conflict between the founder of our Burning Incense Pavilion and the founder of the Xuanling Royal Family..."

"The reason for the conflict is that their Xuanling royal family took a fancy to the mountain range where we are..."

"The founder of our Burning Incense Pavilion is also a powerful person. Of course, it's not easy for the founder of the Xuanling royal family to be so presumptuous, and then the two fighting immortal powerhouses started an extremely terrifying battle in Xuantian three days..."

"The battle lasted for a whole year, and finally ended with the victory of our founder of Incense Pavilion..."

"As for the founder of the Xuanling Royal Family, he died not long after he went back to the Fenxiang Pavilion after fighting with our founder. It is said that the founder of our Fenxiang Pavilion died because of his poisonous hand..."

"But it's ridiculous. Our Burning Incense Pavilion is upright and upright, so why do we need to use some small tricks? Their mysterious royal family is nothing but a false name. Don't think we don't know about some shameful things behind the scenes..."

"Since then, the relationship between our Burning Incense Pavilion and the Xuanling Royal Family has been extremely stalemate, even like water and fire..."

"Thousands of years have also seen a lot of battles, big and small..."

"As for my title, it started after I came to this Burning Incense Pavilion."

"When I first came to Fenxiang Pavilion, it happened that I became the direct disciple of the pavilion master of Fenxiang Pavilion by virtue of my extremely powerful spiritual power."

"Although there isn't any battle formation master in Xuan San San, the original Fenxiang Pavilion master searched for ancient books everywhere, and finally cultivated me into a strong generation."

"And it was identified that the Xuanling Royal Family was the closest place to the Medusa family, and faced Medusa's invasion all the year round, so they also wanted to occupy a mountain range so that they could solve their urgent needs."

"At that time, the Xuanling Royal Family dispatched a Dou Xian, two Dou Emperor peak powerhouses and some extremely powerful powerhouses to attack the Medusa family in a big way. My name was also famous at that time. Xuan Santian." After Zhu Lao finished speaking, he also slowly laughed, obviously the level of terror of this Dou Formation Master, even he himself was quite satisfied.

"At that time, when we received the news from the Fenxiang Pavilion, it was also to prevent the Xuanling royal family from annexing the Medusa family. Otherwise, the imbalance of power is likely to cause the Xuantian three-day war, so the pavilion master also sent me there."

"At that time, I used the eight-star Dou Emperor's perfect level and Dou Formation Master to hold down those members of the Xuanling royal family, so as to cooperate with the Medusa family and severely damage the Xuanling royal family!" After Zhu Lao finished speaking, he was also He took a sip of tea, but the extremely proud tone in his voice could not be concealed at all!

Ask for tickets!