Chapter 237: The mighty sealed door!

"The Gate of Sealing?" Xiao Yan lowered his voice slightly after hearing Long Yi's shocked words.

"That's right, that's it."

"The roads in this town ghost well lead in all directions to let the creatures who are looking for the other half of the twin ghost emperors get lost, and the water at the bottom of the ghost town well just now is also formed by humans. As for the gate of the seal, it is the closest to the twin ghost emperors. It is only available in this place, in order to prevent those who are interested in having other ideas about the place where the twin ghost emperors are sealed."

"But it is said that there is a sealed gate in the place closest to the twin ghost emperors. It was specially set up in order to isolate the twin ghost emperors."

"It seems that the legend is true..." Long Yi also said slowly.

"The gate of sealing, that's it..." Xiao Yan also stared at the giant black gate in front of him, and couldn't help but muttered.

There was indeed a huge black gate in front of Yueru and the others. The huge black gate slowly cut off the entire passageway, as if they were tightly stitched together.

The black giant gate is naturally the gate of the seal where the ghosts of the secluded spring and Mu Yingying came to, but the first few waves were helpless so they returned.

Xiao Yan's huge soul power instantly covered the black giant gate, and the result of Xiao Yan's investigation was quite puzzled, because the result of Xiao Yan's investigation was that there was no fluctuation on the black giant gate!

Just when Xiao Yan frowned, Mu Feng also spoke.

"This giant gate is so weird..." At this time, Mu Feng also noticed that Xiao Yan had stopped, and then turned his head to see the black giant gate blocking their way.

"What's so strange?" Yueru obviously had little contact with these things, so she didn't have much perception.

"There are several completely different forces on this giant gate that constantly maintain the balance..."

"The ghost town in the ghost town is full of ghosts, but there is no ghost at the giant gate in front of you. Even if you feel it carefully, you will find that the ghost town in the ghost town is quite afraid of this giant gate..."

"Could this be the legendary sealed gate in the ghost town..." Mu Feng also said slowly, and after speaking, he walked towards the giant gate in front of him, trying to find out.

"This Mu Feng really has two strokes..." Xiao Yan was also surprised, obviously this Mu Feng knew a lot.

When Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also stood in the same row as Mu Feng, facing the huge black gate in front of him, and Yue Ru was behind them.

"Shabu Shabu!" Mu Feng's fingers lightly touched the door of the seal, and an extremely small three-colored light appeared on the door of the seal, and then attacked Mu Feng violently.

"careful!"

Xiao Yan also immediately felt that the door of the seal would not be so simple. He had been on guard for a long time, so when there was a change in the door of the seal, he instantly pulled Mu Feng away, and then Xiao Yan also flickered, trying to dodge. attacked by this power.

The three of them all flashed away, dodging the small three-color light attack, and the three-color light also rushed behind the three people at a very fast speed.

"It's so dangerous..." Mu Feng also said with a false alarm, the attack of the three-color light just now was extremely terrifying.

"Xiao Yan, thank you very much." Mu Feng also looked at Xiao Yan gratefully, and then turned to stare at the Sealed Gate.

"Why are these three colors of light familiar..." Mu Feng also murmured dully.

Just as the three of them were staring at the black door of seal in front of them, the three-colored light that had just rushed behind Xiao Yan and the three also bounced back again with a flash!

The space around the three-color light trembled slightly, apparently because the three-color light was a little weird.

"Damn!"

"Be careful!" Hearing this, Yueru didn't have time to ask, but she felt that she was being pushed.

Afterwards, Xiao Yan also shouted loudly, and then instantly pulled out the Ancient Eternal Fire Ruler on his back, and collided with the three-color light that came in a flash!

"Boom boom boom!"

When the two fought, there were no monstrous battle ripples, but the two were stalemate in the passage space like petrification.

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan also took a few steps back to stabilize his voice, and some blood spurted out instantly.

The three-color rays of light were unscathed, and then returned to the black seal gate in Du, and the giant gate returned to darkness in Du, as if it had never attacked.

"Xiao Yan!" Yue Ru also shouted when she saw this, and she obviously understood that the target of the three-colored light attack was clearly Yue Ru herself, but Xiao Yan actually did it for herself...

At this time, Yueru was extremely worried about Xiao Yan, and Xiao Bubu ran over to support Xiao Yan.

"I'm fine..."

"It's just that the power of the three-color beam of light just now was too terrifying, that's why it's like this..." Xiao Yan finished speaking, the hand that was holding the Yihuo Heng ancient ruler also trembled slightly, which was obviously the aftermath of the battle just now.

"This **** three-color beam of light is very powerful, and it also contains the power of space, so I didn't discover it just now. But when I met him, I was shocked by it..."

"And I can feel that these three colors of light should have some distance restrictions, but they won't go back to the door of the seal..." Xiao Yan also analyzed.

"Well, be careful." Yueru also bit her lip slightly, obviously Yueru didn't want to see such a hindrance, and the idea of ​​becoming stronger was deeply ingrained in her heart...

It was also because of Xiao Yan's help and a series of encounters that De Yueru's personality was constantly changing.

"Long Yi, is there no way to do this..." Xiao Yan also said unwillingly, the greatest treasure was right in front of him, so he had the heart to give up.

"The door of the seal contains three completely different powers. Unless you directly destroy it, there is nothing you can do..."

"It's just that if you destroy it directly, even a Seven-Star Dou Emperor powerhouse wouldn't dare to try it..."

"You just felt the power of these three-color beams of light, and a small blow is comparable to that of a five-star Doudi peak powerhouse..." Long Yi also said solemnlyIf..." Xiao Yan heard the words, There is no frustration, if this so-called treasure is too easy to get, it will not be called a treasure.

"If I absorb all the power of this sealed door into my body, can I open this sealed door..." Xiao Yan's pupils also became hot.

After all, his body has already been baptized and expanded by the violent violence of as many as twenty-three different fires. Although the power on the door of the seal is very terrifying, Xiao Yan also has the confidence to give it a try.

"how?"

"no!"

"Xiao Yan, you are courting death!" Long Yi also said angrily, obviously he didn't expect that this seemingly weak boy Xiao Yan would actually fall in love with madness!

The power that devours this sealed gate?

The sealing power of the door of the seal is specially set up to seal the twin ghost emperors. The power of the other half of the twin ghost emperors is comparable to that of a human seven-star fighting emperor!

If Xiao Yan wanted to devour these powers, he would be seeking his own death.

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan saw that this was no good or that, and immediately became irritable, because Xiao Yan also felt that in addition to a rather evil aura, there really was a mysterious power in the door of the seal. Calling Xiao Yan!

"I, it seems that I have a way..." Mu Feng also said.

Ask for tickets!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм