Chapter Vol 4 1496: 1000 damage to the enemy, 800 self damage!

"Are you finally going to use all your strength?" Xiao Yan and Tiandusha swept out of the mountain, and then squatted in the air above the altar. When Xiao Yan saw the evil power suddenly surging in Tiandusha's body, he immediately snorted coldly.

Xiao Yan's current strength is only in the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal. Even if he has the blessing of the Holy Flame and the Great Heavenly Seed, at best he can only handle the Three Star Fighting Immortal Consummation. Even if he was seriously injured, at this time, it was the complete strength of a four-star fighting immortal. For Xiao Yan, this level of strength was tantamount to annihilation.

"Feel the embrace of death!"

"Su!" After a short while, Sky Poison's body suddenly swelled up. At that time, a blood-colored blood mist emerged, but the blood mist was filled with unparalleled fluctuations of venom. Instantly turned into pus.

"Poison?" Xiao Yan's sense of smell is extremely keen, not to mention that he is an alchemist, and later when he was with Cailin, he was also very knowledgeable about toxins. When it was foggy, Xiao Yan knew that this guy had used real means.

"In the middle of the three-star battle of immortals, if you can force me to use such means to kill you, your title as the master of holy flame is also worthy of the name."

"Suffer to death!"

"Heavenly Poison Abyss!" In an instant, Du Sha raised his hands high that day, and the dazzling black liquid all over his body squirmed along with bursts of black flames, directly gathering on his hands. In the end, a four-color death ray formed and blasted away at Xiao Yan.

What shocked Xiao Yan was that there was no trace of temperature in the black flames rising from his hands, as if there were only bursts of heart-pounding deadly toxins.

"Tiandusha is a master at using poison. Although it is not as good as the Demon Queen of Poisonous Temple, it should not be underestimated."

"Use the fighting soul, otherwise this battle..." After a while, the Lord of Soul Eater said solemnly.

"That's the only way." Xiao Yan nodded slowly when he heard the words.

"Immortal Sparrow!" Noticing that a **** mist filled with deadly poison was coming towards him, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate at all, and a violent aura like a demon beast suddenly emerged in his body.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"嘁偁偁!" In an instant, a crisp cry suddenly echoed in the space, and at the same time, a fiery red phantom on the surface of Xiao Yan's body directly enveloped him, and was enveloped by this fiery red phantom. After that, Xiao Yan's aura strength and defense power soared by a level.

"Stop it for me!" Xiao Yan, who had displayed his fighting spirit, watched the death ray burst out with a dignified gaze, his fingers slowly lifted, and a flame of dazzling power immediately converged on his fingertips.

"Fighting soul?" Sky Poison, who had already won the ticket, frowned when he saw this. Obviously, the fighting soul on Xiao Yan's body faintly exuded a wave that made him extremely uneasy.

"Fighting Soul?" Duo Qifei and Liu Qing in the distance were still in a stalemate with Mo Yu. With the strength of the two, it was not difficult to defeat him, but Xiao Yan asked them to approach Bai Yu's corpse in the open. In fact, they were warned not to approach Baiyu's corpse.

"This son, you can't stay!" Seeing that Xiao Yan was extremely exhausted, but with his fighting spirit and dazzling flames to intercept his own attack, Sky Poison's complexion became heavy.

"Fire!" Just after cracking the first attack of the Sky Poison Temple, immediately above Xiao Yan's body, a fiery red celestial seed and a khaki flame appeared directly. Under such an increase, the power of the undead ghost is also rising.

"You forced me!"

"Sky Poison Giant Sha Sword!" After a short while, Sky Poison Sha also knew that Xiao Yan had used so many methods that it would be too difficult for him to kill him.

"Crash!" As the voice of Tiandusha just fell, the black flame giant sword above the white jade corpse suddenly trembled, and then under the call of Tiandusha, it suddenly went towards its hand.

"Weng Om!" When the Sky Poison Giant Sword returned to Sky Poison's hand, circles of extremely evil black flames suddenly returned from the sword body to its body, and even the breath became even more intense. tyrannical.

"Finally fooled." Watching Tianducha withdraw the black flame giant sword, Xiao Yan suddenly noticed that on the white jade corpse, a trace of tyrannical power was slowly awakening.

"Sky Poison Giant Brake Sword!"

"This is the king's famous skill, and countless human powerhouses have fallen under this trick."

"It's over." The black flame giant sword returned to his hand, and the overall aura of the Sky Poison Temple became unrivaled, and dazzling black flames continued to emerge, and this black flame did not have any temperature, it just contained a deadly quality of venom.

"Immortal Mighty Sparrow... I'll rely on you this time." Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled indifferently, and then the Undying Mighty Sparrow above his body also felt the strength of the enemy, and immediately issued a crisp cry, the Great Heaven Seed and the Holy Flame The flames of the fighting spirit directly surround the fighting soul, and the wings of the fighting soul, as well as the power of the dazzling flame, directly and completely reveal its body.

"Sky Poison Giant Sword... Slash!" Without any hesitation, the dazzling black flames directly surrounded his arm, and then the giant sword in his hand accompanied Sky Poison Sha's body and flew directly towards Xiao Yan's location.

"Immortal Ghost Sparrow!" Feeling the tyrannical attack coming towards his face, Xiao Yan's heart shuddered, and then he shouted abruptly.

"嘁偁偁!" At this time, Xiao Yan's body was completely covered by the black undead bird that was several hundred meters in size. Seeing the Tiandu Temple attacking with a devastating offensive, the surging flames suddenly emerged from the undead bird's body. Bright wings were firmly guarded in front of Xiao Yan.

"Boom!" Sky Poison slashed down with a single blow, and immediately slashed above the dazzling power body of the Undead Mighty Sparrow, but even so, the Undying Mighty Sparrow still let out a scream, and was blessed by the Great Heaven Seed and the Holy Flame. The two wings turned out to be directly cut off!

"Cough cough...don't underestimate me!" And Xiao Yan's body was seriously injured by this, Xiao Yan's complexion also became strange, but Tianducha's cheeks were also extremely ugly at this time, because this Xiao Yan actually It is the way of always hurting the enemy by one thousand and losing eight hundred by himself Although he severely injured his fighting spirit, in his hand, the dazzling Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler with a touch of khaki holy flame, Directly pierce your chest completely!

"Pfft!" With a sound, Sky Poison Cha and Xiao Yan's bodies instantly retreated, but at this time, neither of them had a good time.

Xiao Yan's fighting spirit was so seriously injured, I am afraid that he will not be able to use it for a short time, but if there is no increase in fighting spirit in this battle, I am afraid that Xiao Yan has already become the dead soul under the sword of Sky Poison Temple.

As for the ancient ruler of the Heavenly Poison Temple, which was wrapped by Xiao Yan Shengyan, it directly pierced through his chest, and bursts of collapse were also spread from his body.

"Ahhh!"

"Humble human boy, I'm going to kill you!" Tiandusha looked at the obvious hole in his chest, and immediately said with a furious expression on his face.

"Senior...you can't hide it now, can you?" As the black flame giant sword fell off the white jade corpse, Xiao Yan suddenly looked down with a heavy look, there was no more With the suppression of the black flame giant sword, above the white jade corpse, there were heart-stopping dazzling fluctuations, like a sleeping giant dragon awakening.

"Hehe... The perception of the master of the holy flame is really extraordinary." As Xiao Yan's figure fell, the white jade corpse was suddenly under everyone's attention, and a milky white luster appeared in the eye sockets of the skull's head, and the white jade suddenly appeared. The hole in the corpse turned out to be directly spit out human words. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Damn Heavenly King Zang!" The white jade corpse squirmed immediately when Tiandu, who had just gotten angry and was about to obliterate Xiao Yan, immediately shrank his pupils tightly!

Because at this time, the aura emanating from Baiyu's corpse was no weaker than himself, and even vaguely stronger than himself.