Chapter Vol 4 1725: The Demon of Light Appears!

"Boom!" A deafening sound permeated the entire darkness, and immediately the corpse of the ball and the evil Xiao Yan fought together.

"Hey!" After Xiao Yan finished casting the Black Demon Star Cage, countless dark fluffs fell off the black-patterned holy clothes behind him, and immediately formed a huge star cage in the entire void!

Above the star cage, countless black patterns permeate, which is derived from the special power of the underworld.

"damn it……"

"Corpse general, what are you doing!"

"Kill him for me!" Seeing the corpse's corpse remained motionless, his eyes never moved above the black star cage, an uneasy thought emerged from the main body of Li Soul.

The strength of this guy, in the underworld, is the top high-ranking person. This is because the master of the soul has racked his brains and let Duo Qifei use the power of reincarnation to rush into the underworld and capture it back. Fortunately, he has a lot of enough power The method of controlling it has become the real right arm of the Lord of Soul Li, but now, this guy is actually motionless, and even the corpse crystal that controls the corpse's body shakes violently, and a sense of unease permeates.

"Lord..." In an instant, a struggling cry filled the corpse's body from the spherical corpse. Its body became extremely hard, stuck in the air, and its eyes twitched.

"Despicable." Seeing this scene, the evil Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and immediately stared at the Lord of Li Soul, raised his palm, a desolate aura, stepped through the void, and patted the Lord of Li Soul. .

"Weng buzzing!" Following Xiao's actions, the black evil star cage in the realm of darkness seemed to be pulled, and shot directly at the Lord of Li Soul at the speed of a meteor. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest mobile terminal: https:/

"Space compass, transfer!" Looking at the black fiend star cage with incomparably tyrannical imprisoning power, the master of the soul did not dare to neglect, and there were mysterious lines on his hands.

"Shabu!" With a sound, when the black evil star cage came to the Lord of Soul Li, the void squirmed and was swallowed up by him in an instant, and calm was restored here.

"Controlling the overlord of the underworld by special means, if this matter is known to the underworld, I am afraid that the ten Li Soul Realm will not be able to bear his anger." The meaning of warning is obvious.

"Bastard, get out of here!" Hearing Xiao Yan's words of evil intent, the Master of Li Soul immediately waved his hand and dismissed the corpse. He knew that, being stimulated by Xiao Yan's methods, it would not be long before it would break free of himself. control back to the underworld.

"It doesn't matter to struggle, it's meaningless."

"One move will determine the outcome." After a while, the pink flame in Lord Li's hand was beating, and then the Lord of Li Soul said lightly.

He knew that if it dragged on for a long time, it would be extremely bad for him.

"That's what it means!" Hearing the words of the Master Li, the evil Xiao Yan also laughed.

The dark attribute on his body originally originated from the underworld. The act of the Lord of Li Soul just now was undoubtedly self-destruction, but if he did not have the dark attribute, I am afraid that facing the corpse and the corpse would be a fierce battle.

"Come on." Seeing Xiao Yan, the rebellious evil spirit in front of him, the Master of Li Soul laughed.

He laughed at Xiao Yan and Xiao Sensheng in the Hall of Five Kings living in Xiao Yan's body, because this is his own territory, even if it is covered by the realm of darkness at this time, the two of them will not be his opponents in the end.

"Thunder!" Lord Li Soul's eyes were stern, and his index finger suddenly pointed to the sky, turning into a giant beam of light in the sky. After a moment, the entire dark world seemed to be pulled by some kind of force, and countless mad thunder broke through the darkness. The coverage of the world, covering the sky!

At this moment, in the silent world of darkness, countless thunders filled the air, completely igniting this place.

Thunder was a strange scarlet color, and it seemed that with a single blow, it would be able to break through the realm of darkness, and even this scarlet thunder contained a power that Xiao Yan couldn't understand.

That is the power of reincarnation.

There is no doubt that the scarlet thunder is full of thunder, although it is not as good as the thunder master gray thunder, but it also contains a huge threat to the current evil intention Xiao Yan.

"Darkness Execution Blade!" Looking at this scene, a sinister smile emanated from the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, the black-patterned holy garment floated slightly, and all the darkness in the world of darkness retreated and poured into the dark holy garment. Restored the original appearance of the desert hinterland.

The Lord of Soul Li stood high in the golden desert, with countless scarlet thunderbolts surrounding him. Once the offensive was condensed, he slashed out with one finger, as if the real curtain of the sky had fallen, slashing everything in the world.

And the evil intention Xiao Yan took back the realm of darkness, the black-patterned holy robe was squirming, bursts of black liquid filled out, and then quietly in front of him, it slowly turned into a black broken blade that touched about an inch.

There are no strange fluctuations on the black broken blade, but on the black broken blade, a huge Xiao character seems to be carefully carved out by a real god, showing the supreme evil power.

And it was this extremely quiet fluctuation that made You Er and Heishan Longlang's eyes shrink tightly. They knew that fluctuations of this level could only be possessed by real semi-reincarnation powerhouses.

"I don't know who will win." Seeing this scene, You Er couldn't help but look nervous and prayed for Xiao Yan slightly.

"Strange, why are there so many tyrannical breaths emerging." But the Heishan Longlang shook his head helplessly.

"Lei Wu Liao Yuan!" With a loud shout, his fingers pointed down at Xiao Yan's location, and the supremely terrifying aura was vividly displayed.

The scarlet thunder pierced through the golden desert, and the fire was shining everywhere, only to see the scarlet thunder dragon leaping down and directly hitting the evil Xiao Yan.

The scarlet Thunder Flood Dragon was extremely fast, but at the critical moment, the evil intention Xiao Yan suddenly stretched out his palm and grabbed the black broken blade in one fell swoop.

"Cut!" A soft voice cut through the entire sky, and then the palm was raised rather jerky, and the black broken blade of the palm drew a black giant awn, and the giant awn was filled with countless ancient lines. , even a Xiao character, prominently.

The scarlet Thunder Flood Dragon roared directly at Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan's figure was immediately retreated into the desert. In a short time, a huge bottomless pit poured out, and countless sands on the desert floor The grains were rolled up by the thunder. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest computer: https://

"Behead me!" Xiao Yan roared after being attacked by the scarlet thunder dragon. Suddenly, Xiao Yan, who was about to fail, was like a ferocious beast, with a black light, suddenly bursting out of the deep pit in the desert. Go away, slashing directly at the Lord of Li Soul above the sky.

"How... how is it possible..." At this moment, countless scarlet thunderbolts collapsed under the black blade light, and even a solemn aura of death filled the mind of the Lord of Souls!

"Not good!" A burst of heart palpitations emerged, and the Lord of Li Soul just wanted to take precautions, but was directly hit by the black blade light, and he was seriously injured in the blink of an eye.

"Gululu." Just when the Lord of Li Soul felt that he was about to be seriously injured, a pure white sacred halo, like a god, completely shattered the black blade light.

That kind of power is not reincarnation, but it belongs to the power of light!

Lord Li Hun looked up with difficulty, but saw a figure that was enough to make everything pale, and said in a lost voice, "Light..."

"The demon of light?"