Chapter Vol 4 1968: The 12th Sacred Flame, the Night Demon Fire! ...

"Crash!" The incomparably hot energy ripples spread across the center of the square, and scenes of heat waves swept across, causing the expressions of several people present to change slightly.

How could a kid in the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals be able to deliver such a terrifying blow?

This level of attack, I am afraid that even if the real Eight-Star Dou Xian faced it in person, it would be horrified.

"Is that the 'Sacred Art' in the mouth of the Xiao family..." Seeing Xiao Yan's body rising high and the delicate lotus seeds shaking gently on the palm of his hand, Su Xueying was curious and worried. After a while, she seemed to be doing something. It was decided that the black flame in the body slowly emerged, and its power was slowly soaring.

"The descendants of the Xiao family are really difficult to deal with... But this way, I like it even more!"

"Flame Peak!"

"Sifeng!" Looking at Xiao Yan's posture, he slowly stood up in the sky like a mansion that despised all living beings. On Yanfeng's body, blood lines appeared uncontrollably, even on his forehead. There are some identical lines on Xu Shao's forehead!

"Boom!" A deafening voice resounded throughout the square, and then behind Yanfeng, four huge mountains of profound flames suddenly appeared!

The Flame Soul Mountain is incomparably huge, each of which has a size of thousands of feet, and even countless mysterious and extremely flamboyant blessings, which set off its breath and strength to the extreme.

"Is it fairy magic..."

"Kill me!" After a while, Xiao Yan's eyes narrowed slightly, then his body suddenly tightened, and he directly projected the five-color fire lotus at Yanfeng!

The five-color fire lotus pierced the sky and slowly fell. The incomparable power made one couldn't help being impressed. However, when the four flaming soul mountains appeared behind Yanfeng, the whole world was suddenly quiet, and countless heaven and earth energies were on it. After the cage passed, the whole square trembled for a while.

"Boom boom boom!"

"Five-color lotus, Buddha's wrath wheel, slaughtering ghosts and gods!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, the two attacks completely touched each other, and his expression became solemn.

Yan Feng and others were originally dead people. Now that they were resurrected by Xu Shao using sorcery, their internal strength has recovered to their peak, and they even have a very strange undead body. The most important thing is to obey Xu Shao. Order.

"Boom!" After a long stalemate between the two, it turned out that Xiao Yan's five-color lotus seeds could only be forced to dissolve under the enormous pressure of the four energy fire soul mountains.

Circles of fire arcs of different colors, like the most splendid fireworks, bloom directly here, and the entire space is burned by such a hot holy flame, twisted and shattered.

"Crash!" The seemingly ferocious attack turned out to be evenly matched in the end, but a small cluster of five-color flames touched Yanfeng's body, causing the numerous dense pores on his body to enlarge a lot in an instant!

And in those pores, there is actually a trace of faith and endless soul power. I am afraid that the "undead" magic has a vital connection with this place.

"It seems that I really underestimate you... The fusion of several holy flames, even if such means are put into your Xiao clan, it is still a rare existence."

"But unfortunately you don't have that chance!"

"Death to this old man!" Just as the two attacks dissipated, Yan Feng ignored the obvious scars on his body, and smiled faintly, the smile contained endless killing intent!

Even in the middle stage of Seven Star Fighting Immortals, he has such ability. If he is allowed to grow up, even he is a little afraid of his future potential!

Yanfeng's gaze immediately focused on Xiao Yan, and his figure moved as fast as a ghost, unexpectedly bypassing the Dark Underworld and shooting towards Xiao Yan!

"This beast!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but cursed secretly.

However, Xiao Yan now has a lot of understanding of this "immortal" sorcery.

With his strongest blow just now, the five-color Buddha's anger reincarnation tried to obliterate Yanfeng, but in the end, he only left countless conspicuous scars on his body, although those scars were slowly healed under the action of "undead" magic. , but the speed of healing and the time required are much more time-consuming than before!

If Xiao Yan controls the immortality and immortality and the "immortal" magic technique in front of him, then it is clearly one heaven and one underground.

The immortality and immortality under Xiao Yan’s control are even superior. As long as there is a breath or residual power, it is possible to achieve immortality in the true sense. However, the so-called immortality seems to have a certain limit in front of this sorcery. The guy is going to fall, of course, if he wants to break this limit, with Xiao Yan's current strength, it is not enough.

The strongest blow has just been cast, and there is still a lot of power left.

"Little bastards!" After the blink of an eye, Yan Feng's old body flashed directly in front of Xiao Yan. The terrifying speed and the extremely tyrannical pressure actually made Xiao Yan's breathing become dignified.

Eight-star Dou Xian's perfection level strength, coupled with the blessing of undead magic, I'm afraid this guy's battle is comparable to reincarnation!

"Xiao Yan, get out of the way!" At this critical moment, not far behind Xiao Yan, an eager and light voice emerged.

"This is?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's body trembled, a flicker distanced himself from Yanfeng, and immediately looked at Su Xueying.

Today's Su Xueying, whose body was originally white and flawless, almost perfect, was completely filled with black lines, and there was an inexplicable beauty in the invisible, but at the same time, at the wrist, a black flame, like a coveted Like a devil with endless delicacies in the world, he exudes an extremely greedy aura.

Seeing Yanfeng's terrifying aura, Su Xueying clenched her silver teeth and clenched her wrist suddenly. The monstrous fighting spirit and black flames condensed out of her body, and finally condensed directly on this square into a sea of ​​black flames Immediately, the jade hand opened and slapped Yan Feng with a slap in the face!

The terrifying destructive power and strong wind actually caused the entire sky to be violent, and even the entire square was completely entangled by this scene of black flames.

"what's going on?"

"Eight-star Fighting Immortal?" Looking at this sudden scene, Xiao Yan suddenly discovered that since Su Xueying's skin was filled with black lines, her strength has soared directly from Six-star Fighting Immortal to the level of the initial stage of Eight-star Fighting Immortal!

Moreover, the black flame in the black sea of ​​fire in front of him actually made the amber flame soul fire in Xiao Yan's body emit a sense of fear!

"Interesting, at such a young age, he was able to control such holy flames."

"I clearly remember that this is the flame of the Xiao family's inheritance. I never thought that you guardians would actually guard against the thieves..." Surrounded by the black sea of ​​fire, Yanfeng's breath calmed down for a while, not for anything else, just because of the strangeness of this holy flame .

The twelfth of the holy flame list, the devil flame of the dark night, known as the unquenchable devil fire in the thousands of worlds, is extremely powerful.

However, although this holy flame is extreme, it is enough to give the controller unparalleled power. The never-extinguishing demonic fire has never been recorded in any records. What power can be extinguished is the best cover for killing people and fleeing.

For a while, Feng Wan'er and Yan Yan's attacks continued on the entire square. Even in the deep world of reincarnation, the kind of terrifying fluctuations they sent out was shocking.

As for the outside world, it was Su Xueying who cremated the Holy Flame Demon into a sea of ​​fire, completely imprisoning Yanfeng!

But at this moment, this battle situation has obviously reached the white-hot stage, and after the rest, the outcome will be announced soon.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: