Chapter Vol 4 1949: Smelly land, filthy swamp corpse Tan!

When Xiao Yan stepped into the lotus leaf space given to him by Su Xueying and went to the meeting for a hundred years, something surprising happened to Xiao Yan's destination.

His line of sight, following the space passage that Xiao Yan entered, was returning to Douyun Continent.

As we all know, the Douyun Continent is extremely vast. In addition to the seven basic ancient races and the transcendent power of the Holy See, there are countless tyrannical powers in it. After all, the Dou Di Continent is one of the most tyrannical territories in the human world. , it is reasonable to gather talents.

However, on the edge of Douyun Continent, there is a forgotten land. There is a stench here all day long, and there are even countless eerie and eerie auras that permeate it. As a result, this place has been abandoned and forgotten by countless humans in Douyun Continent. The air is still that smelly energy, which is not suitable for human habitation and cultivation.

Outside the land, there is no grass in a radius of 100 meters. There are only some extremely demonic poisonous green vines. Within a thousand miles, there is no human force. There are countless poisonous barriers and poisonous swamps. The scene is no less than a real country of death, without any vigor and vitality.

And the so-called vassals and guardians of the Xiao Clan, who were once the first race in the Great Thousand World, are dormant here.

At first glance, this is an extremely ferocious swamp area. The ground is filled with water and green poison ivy is squirming. Every time it shakes, countless bubbles will emerge from the swamp-like area. The power of the barrier, every explosion will make this area more bizarre, and above the Venom Swamp, countless bones emerge.

All of these bones are suspended above the poisonous swamp in a very special state. A few are human corpses, but most of them are huge bones similar to monsters.

The strange thing is that among those huge beast bones like monsters, there are actually quite weak powers. Those powers are a bit like the anger of human beings. In addition to the core of the poisonous swamp, there is a stack of countless bones. The Corpse Bone Mountain appeared here, and it was immediately embellished with more sternness.

And the breath emanating from this swampy area is disgusting, not to mention allowing humans to survive.

The Bone Mountain is extremely huge. From a distance, it looks like a mountain range made up of countless magical beasts stacked with white bones. But from a closer look, there is another mystery. It seems that every piece of bones is arranged in a very strange order, and those arrangements, It's more like some enchantment-like thing, it seems to be isolated and hidden!

"Weng buzzing!" At this time, a certain void in the mountain of bones suddenly became violently restless.

"What's going on?" Aware of this change, a young man's voice with doubts emerged from the bone mountain, and he hesitated.

"This is..." As soon as the buzzing voice fell, Xiao Yan's figure suddenly appeared, and the place where he descended was not anywhere else, but next to the Bone Mountain!

However, next to the Bone Mountain, there was a place of death covered by countless poisonous green vines. Without the special power and protection of the Bone Mountain, Xiao Yan would probably die here in an instant.

"This is... a human being?" At this time, the figures of the two men looked at Xiao Yan like a transparent person with the help of the enchantment of Corpse Bone Mountain, wondering.

"What's going on?" asked one of the weak-faced men.

"I don't know, but our corpse mountain was set up by the mistress. I'm afraid no one will be able to see through it. It's just that the location of the corpse mountain is mysterious. No other human creature has ever appeared. How did he find it here? Strange..." Another The man frowned.

"Maybe it was when Miss Xue went out for decades..." The other one seemed to remember something and whispered.

"What is this place?" Just as Xiao Yan opened his eyes, he was immediately enveloped by the poisonous barrier gas from below, as if he was in a bright mirror, unable to move, but the poisonous barrier gas contained in it, It was enough to tear Xiao Yan apart easily.

"What a terrifying power of poison barrier..." Xiao Yan frowned. He could not imagine that the power of this poison barrier was not inferior to that of a seven-star fighting immortal. He secretly smacked his tongue.

"That's not right, I came here according to the lotus leaf that Su Xueying gave me, it's impossible to find the wrong place..." Xiao Yan looked up and glanced around, trying to find some buildings, but he was unsuccessful.

Looking around, apart from the sky-shattering poisonous gas, green poison ivy and countless white bones, there is the extremely greedy swamp area below. Other than that, there is nothing strange about it.

"Xuuuu!" While Xiao Yan was not paying attention, the invisible poisonous barrier gas was compressed violently, and suddenly roared away at Xiao Yan. That kind of fierce oppression turned the whole situation into a twist. .

"If this goes on like this, he will die." Looking at this scene, one of the two men hiding in the dark couldn't help but muttered with a solemn expression.

"It doesn't matter... our position can't be revealed, this is the order of the mistress!" The other one categorically vetoed, but with his strength, he was unable to see through Xiao Yan's specific strength. The dignified five-star fighting immortal...

"Small trick of carving insects." Seeing this, Xiao Yan waved his hand at will, and immediately surrounded by amber flames instantly burned these poisonous energy and turned it into countless nothingness.

"Strange... where is the guardian of the Xiao family?" Xiao Yan frowned after the crisis in front of him was lifted.

The lotus leaf has been crushed by himself, obviously it is impossible to use it, and the space here is extremely strange, Xiao Yan vaguely feels that it is not simple.

"This is... Bone Mountain?" After Shun breathed, Xiao Yan's eyes and soul power slowly probed towards the Bone Mountain in front of him, and the two men who were hidden under the protection of the Bone Mountain Barrier also looked vigilant. staring at Xiao Yan.

The three came one after another, and I didn't know how long it would last.

At the same time, in the distant sky, a figure that Xiao Yan was quite familiar with also slowly appeared here.

Xu Shao, the newly promoted Huangtang Hall Master of Soul Hall!

But now, he is still wearing a black robe, and he does not have any soul palace powerhouse around him, but instead has a total of five eerie dark coffins!

Above the dark coffin, countless ancient and cumbersome evil patterns shrouded out, and an evil and gloomy strange force constantly surrounds and overflows. That kind of power is extremely terrifying.

"Guardians of the Xiao family, it's better to leave the things you guard to our Soul Palace."

"Everyone, please treat your old friends well later, and I will not waste my painstaking efforts to resurrect you!"

"Susu..." Xu Shao said with a gloomy smile. As the voice fell, the five dark coffins shook violently, and an extremely tyrannical evil force permeated out.

In that power, there is a faint trace of the power of faith, and a wisp of the magic energy in the Demon Suppression Prison that Xu Shao had collected before. Extraordinarily eerie and evil, and never appeared before!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: