Chapter Vol 4 1495: Test the Sky Poison Brake!

"Xiao Yan?" Seeing the extremely cunning Xiao Yan's sudden action below, the impression of the other seven powerhouses on Xiao Yan has also become extremely friendly. After all, the strength of the seven of them can't resist the Sky Poison Sha. Hit, which made them understand that if they didn't leave here, I'm afraid there is only one way to fall.

"Let's get out of here as soon as possible." Xiao Yan said casually, and immediately formed a triangle with Du Qifei and Liu Qing and wrapped the Sky Poison Temple.

At this time, the Sky Poison Bracer was controlling Mu Xi's body, and the evil dark red lines on his face made his aura very fearful. Even a four-star Douxian Perfectionist might have to give up temporarily.

Originally, Xiao Yan didn't want to care about the other powerhouses, but if they all lost to the Sky Poison Temple, once they were swallowed by the Sky Poison Temple, and the Sky Poison Temple's strength was restored to the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, I'm afraid they would even be the ones who possess the holy flame and the reincarnation rune. , and can only do nothing, after all, there is still a glimmer of hope for the four-star fighting immortal, but if it is a five-star fighting immortal, it will undoubtedly die, so there is today's scene.

"Ugh……"

"Xiao Yan, thank you!"

"Let's go." The seven powerhouses glanced at the white jade corpse in the air with remorse. Although they were extremely reluctant, they turned around in an instant and walked directly to the place where they could exert the power of space. After a while, The seven powerhouses also disappeared here, life and treasure, obviously they chose the latter.

"Boom!" Above the mausoleum, the boundless dark red blood mist completely enveloped the space in darkness. At this time, the space here was like the end of the day, extremely desolate, and even the blood mist was quite disturbing. The evil aura of disgust kept disturbing the minds of Xiao Yan and the others.

"It's all gone..."

"It's really bad for me, but I don't know what you can rely on to oppose me?"

"Three-star Dou Xian level powerhouse, in my eyes, is not worth mentioning." Watching the other seven powerhouses leave, Tiandusha did not act rashly. After all, dealing with these three guys with his strength was like pinching them to death. An ant is generally simple.

"Huhu." When Xiao Yan heard the words, there was a hint of heaviness on his face. Obviously, even if the strength of the Sky Poison Temple was out of ten, the strength of the dignified four-star Douxian Perfection level was enough to easily obliterate them.

"Fire Heart Tianyan!"

"Red Flame!" After a while, an extremely tyrannical khaki flame and a fiery red flame appeared on Xiao Yan's body. The two-color flame just emerged, and the evil blood mist in this space disappeared. A lot, obviously two-color flames are not ordinary things.

"Holy...Holy Flame?" Looking at the extremely sacred earth-yellow flame on Xiao Yan's body, Sky Poison's pupils shrank tightly, and he couldn't help losing his voice.

Sacred flames are a deadly threat to their alien race.

"Saint Yan is tyrannical, but it's a pity that your strength is too weak."

"If Shengyan is the one you are trying to rely on to defeat me, then I have to say that you will perish today."

"But this holy flame, I will accept it!" After Tiandusha finished speaking, a dark red blood mist suddenly appeared all over the body. This dark red blood mist was different from the past. It seemed to carry an extremely terrifying aura, entrenched like a poisonous snake. Around his body, he was always alert to the two-color flame on Xiao Yan's body.

"It seems that you are also afraid of the holy flame on my body." Xiao Yan smiled lightly at the corner of his mouth when he noticed Tiandusha's actions.

Although the strengths of the two are vastly different, Xiao Yan possesses the holy flame, and the Sky Poison Cha is seriously injured, so he has the power to fight.

"Little boy, I hope you will be safe and sound in a while." After Tianducha finished speaking, a terrifying offensive was brewing.

"Thunder!" When Xiao Yan was talking with Tiandusha, the reincarnation rune between Duan Qifei's eyebrows showed a trace of ancient and subtle fluctuations, which spread to Duan Qifei's entire body. On top of his skin, and immediately above Duo Qifei's delicate body, a gray thunderbolt appeared, and when the gray thunderbolt appeared, the mausoleum, which had long been shrouded in dark red blood mist, suddenly became quiet.

"Strange, how can the gray thunderbolt on this woman have a familiar smell?"

"Could it be that I have encountered it before... but something is not right..." Looking at the hidden lines on Duan Qifei's body, Tian Dusha frowned and asked in doubt.

"The power of light!" After a while, Liu Qing's beautiful eyes slowly flickered, and the bright dawn suddenly burst out from his body, and then with the gray thunder on Du Qifei's body, it turned out to be the dark red in this space. The blood mist is completely dissipated!

The light system not only suppresses the darkness, but also has extremely tyrannical suppression for the evil races outside the territory.

"Damn it!" As the other dark red blood mists in the space were completely expelled, the space suddenly returned to its original state, and the white jade corpse hidden by the Heavenly King was also exposed to the air.

"This guy casts the dark red blood mist, it seems that he wants to cover up the white jade corpse... Is there anything on the white jade corpse that makes him afraid?" Xiao Yan looked at the white jade corpse that was pierced by the black flame giant sword. Immediately he wondered.

"Susu!"

"Humble human beings!"

"watch out!"

"Duze blood explodes!" When Dusha saw Xiao Yan's eyes looking at Bai Yu's corpse that day, he couldn't help but say that his eyes became sharp, and the dazzling dark red blood mist all over his body directly turned towards Xiao Yan with the potential of lightning. Blast away.

Tiandusha knew that Xiao Yan possessed holy flames, plus the woman with light-type fighting spirit and thunder fighting spirit on the side, if they discovered the secrets of the white jade corpse, I am afraid that only the doomsday was waiting for him.

"Boom!" The voice of the Sky Poison Temple just fell, and the dark red blood mist all over the body suddenly seemed to have life. It turned into a ferocious giant snake, opened its **** mouth, and roared directly at Xiao Yan, along the way. Wherever he passed, the sound of bursts of space collapsing and shattering could be heard incessantly. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Qi Fei, Liu Qing, go to Bai Yu's corpse!"

"What's so weird!" Xiao Yan said with a flat face, and then the dazzling Fire Heart Heavenly Rock and Feiyan Heavenly Seed gathered directly in his hands and began to quickly merge together!

The fusion of holy flames and great heavenly seeds!

I saw the khaki flame and the fiery red flame each being held by Xiao Yan, and then his face calmly and slowly approached This guy...what is this? "After all, Tiandusha has never seen the fighting skills of flame fusion, and when he saw Xiao Yan's scene, he couldn't help but be surprised.

"Not good!" But seeing the two women walking away towards Bai Yu's corpse, he suddenly said in surprise.

"Sir, leave these two girls to me, you can concentrate on dealing with this guy." Just when Tiandusha was shocked, Mo Yu's figure emerged, and then directly wrapped around the two girls.

"This guy also has an evil aura about him, he should have an old relationship with my queen..." Seeing that the two girls were temporarily blocked, Tiandusha narrowed his eyes slowly and then stared at Xiao Yan!

"Crimson Fire Seeds!"

"Go!" After all, this is not the first time that Xiao Yan has fused, and the fusion of the holy flame and the great heavenly seed is far less laborious than the fusion of two holy flames. In an instant, a two-color flashing khaki and fiery red The lotus seed appeared directly in Xiao Yan's hands, and then a strange smile appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, and he threw it directly at the vicious poisonous snake.

"Boom!" When the blood-mist poisonous snake's big mouth just touched the two-color lotus seeds, bursts of gorgeous flames, like fireworks blooming, exploded in an instant, and a chilling hot breath swept across in an instant. the entire space.

"I can't see that you still have some skills..."

"It's just child's play, that's it."

"Since you are the controller of the holy flame, then I will spare no effort to obliterate you, thus completely suppressing the holy flame!"

"As soon as these come, I must be very happy." After a few breaths, the energy ripples of the ferocious blood snake and the two-color lotus seeds in the air disappeared completely, and suddenly Tianducha was replaced by a rare tyrannical wave. This fluctuation is like a real abyss demon, and it has the demeanor of the king of the foreign evil clan. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://