Chapter Vol 4 1853: catastrophe? Angels are here!

The white dawn, like the morning dew waiting for the sun, warmly illuminates the riddled void.

"That's..." At this moment, the excited cheers in countless human hearts suddenly stopped, and their eyes slowly looked at the white flames rising from the horizon.

"I'll stop her." Following the appearance of this abnormality, the lines of stars on Lin Yunshu's forehead were venting, surrounded by countless stars, setting off like a star goddess, standing proudly in the sky.

"Qinxin, Emperor, you go back and protect the innocent humans... She came after me." Xiao Yan said with a wry smile on the corner of his mouth.

"Little guy... Although I'm not a decent gentleman, I can still tell right from wrong." After the emperor finished speaking, the aura of the Half-step Eight-Star Fighting Immortal hung down from the sky, covering most of the void.

The moment they spoke, the white flames under the horizon suddenly turned into five strands. After a while, the white flames turned into arcs of fire, rising from the horizon with a mysterious and mysterious power, towards the light at the top of the sky. The enchantment is approaching and converging in the past!

"What kind of power is this?" Even though the whole body was protected by the power of the stars, Lin Yunshu was shocked by the five arcs of pure white fire. Rao has never seen such a magnificent power in her experience. A touch of aura can make oneself so uneasy.

Five pure white fire arcs are rising into the sky, but they are like golden threads that cannot be crossed, imprisoning the entire sky!

"It's here after all." Xiao Yan frowned. The blood of the demons in his body quickly flowed when the five pure white fire arcs surged, and even the shadow of the demon soul behind Xiao Yan sent out a sense of dread and fear. Crazy taste.

Angels and demons are enemies, and when enemies meet, they are naturally jealous.

"You go back to protect the people first." Xiao Yan's eyes were still a lonely shadow under the horizon.

"But that's an angel..." Lin Yunshu couldn't help but his beautiful eyes were red, and he forced himself not to cry and said.

The word angel has become a symbol of punishment in the world. Once the angel takes action, I am afraid that unless there is a reincarnation level powerhouse, it will end...

And now that the entire core circle of the Tianxing Continent has been closed by this guy, the human beings in the enchantment of light at this time are like lambs waiting to be slaughtered.

"Don't worry, I knew when I was in the devil's lair... I just wanted to try, whether the devil and the angel are stronger or weaker." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a force of force sent several people underground.

In the sky, the figure of an angel slowly emerged, and a pair of white angel wings behind her slowly instigated and slowly lifted into the sky, as if to show her status to the world.

Angel!

In the vast world, the angels are almost already the executioners who represent the gods in the world. Once they are targeted by them, they are all sinners.

"Angel?"

"Why did the angel appear here?"

"Looking at this arrogance, it seems to be going towards Lord Xiao Yan... But Lord Xiao Yan has just wiped out the Soul Palace powerhouse and that demon servant, and dissolved the real crisis for our Tianxing Continent. How could he be a sinner with unpardonable sins. "

"I do not believe!"

"I don't believe it either!" The ordinary people who were slowly evacuated by the Guards and took refuge in the underground lair glanced at Xiao Yan and the angel above the sky before leaving, and shook their heads.

"Dirty devil, coveting the fertile resources of the Tianxing Continent, causing such a murder, do you know the sin?" One after another pure white bright flames wrapped Mekal, and a high-pitched sacred Sanskrit sound spread out.

At the top of the barrier of light, the pure white light flame slowly disappeared, revealing Mekal's delicate face.

In the void, the slender jade hands were surrounded by the divine dawn, and countless filaments of light were quietly crawling beside him. The thin figure was like a piece of paper. The pupils were extremely clear, like pure and unpolluted spring water. That sacred aura was set off to the limit, and the angel wings loomed behind her, which confirmed her identity.

"Convicted?"

"I wonder how the traveling angel convicted me?"

"What's wrong with me?" A sneer flashed in the eyes of the demon Xiao Yan. He didn't seem to be afraid of Mekal. Instead, his tone was filled with contempt, as if he was trying to provoke the dignity of an angel.

"Other things are not under my control, but you killed the two angel guards. Before adding that, the messengers sent by our Holy See to the Tianxing Continent were also accused of falling into your hands. How do you explain?" , It seems that the victory is in hand among the white and beautiful eyes.

Although her power is only in the early stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals with the demon Xiao Yan, but she has angel wings, and she has mastered forbidden techniques. What she needs to do now is to find a reasonable excuse to give Xiao Yan to Bring it to justice.

In fact, it is possible to kill Xiao Yan without looking for formal excuses, but that would cause a lot of trouble for the Holy See behind him.

"The two angel guards died at the hands of Soul Wuji, and countless pairs of eyes were staring at the scene. You can't be blind, Mekal?"

"As for the Holy See messenger you said was killed by me, it's not enough to be a witness. The ghost knows if it is you who are making a fool of yourself." Xiao Yan sneered and said with a smile.

"It seems that wasting words with you is just a waste of time... I originally planned to use a formal excuse to bring you to justice, otherwise I would not be able to explain it to the Holy See, and now it seems that I don't need it."

"Dirty souls are only worthy of being branded and whipped by light!"

"As for this... Find a reason at will, and it's good to fall with you completely." A golden thread of light rippled in Mekal's sharp eyes, making it impossible to look at him, because the radiance from the superior The coercion is enough to grind ordinary people into powder!

"Actually, from the time of the devil's lair, I knew that one day, all the human beings here will fall, all the human beings who know the devil's lair and the devil fruit. Is this your purpose?"

"Actually, you are also coveting and fearing the power of this demon. You are nothing but a dirty guy, and you are shamelessly calling yourself an angel, which is really shameful." Xiao Yan continued without a smile.

"He's really a sharp-toothed kid, but it doesn't matter."

"Because after a while, you'll be a cold, rancid corpse."

"And the core circle of the Tianxing Continent will also fall completely. It's all because of you."

"Dirty demon Xiao Yan." Mekal's high-pitched voice filled the void, as unquestionable as an order.

"Let's do it... In fact, I'm also very curious. It is said that the power of the wandering angel is the closest to the Holy See of God in the world. Who is stronger than the power of the demon in my body." After Shunxi, Xiao Yan's face changed. He had to sneer, and an extremely arrogant sneer and evil sound swept the whole world!

Angel?

Messenger of God?

Executioner walking in the world?

After all, they are nothing more than a group of demons in angel clothes!

Previously in the devil's lair, Mekal directly used the power beyond the limit to obliterate countless innocent lives. This time, the demon Xiao Yan is going to tear off Mekal's angel coat and take a good look inside her body. Is that soul as pure as her angelic power!

Whether her soul is pure or dirty... Since no one dares to fight an angel, then this precedent will be created by herself!

Compose it by myself, and it is also a good time to show the devil to the world and expose the dirty deeds of angels!

What the world dare not do, let me do it!

The angels that the world does not dare to question will be killed by me personally!

<!--CS:20776604:2144:2019-12-1312:40:28-->