Chapter Vol 4 1026: vile means

"You two, back off."

"Take him without any accidents."

"Ghost face and soul inflammation, I will naturally deal with it." Even if the blood demon envoy turned into a blood-red mass, he still said something to the two envoys around him arrogantly.

"Wang... this is it?" The next moment, Xuetian said directly, it was obvious that the guy was wrapped in blood demon gold energy, and Xuetian had some news about this guy, so he couldn't help but wonder.

Gorefiend Gold Qi is the source of the blood demon envoy. It is extremely precious to the gorefiend envoy. The use of such a precious thing on a human being is enough to prove that this guy's identity is extraordinary.

"Gore Demon..." Ghost Face Soul Yan looked at a small gap that suddenly appeared in the cyan lava, and couldn't help shaking his head.

"This ghost face and soul seal is powerful, but as the Spirit of Holy Flame, you cannot fully exert its power..."

"Furthermore, this place has been devoured by our Gorefiends for too long, and the evil spirits are already rampant..." The Gorefiend said slowly.

"really."

"But today, it's not certain who will kill the deer." The next moment, after the ghost-faced soul-yan finished speaking, the blue flames flourished, and a wave of world-annihilating power burst forth.

"Hahaha!"

"Ghost Face Soul Yan, I am also an old opponent, as a respect for you."

"This time, I will completely destroy your beliefs!" Then looking at Ghost Face Soul Flame, the Gorefiend said the same.

"Without further ado!"

"watch out!"

"Hand of Ghost Flames!" After a while, the ghost-faced Soul Flame shouted loudly, and then a dazzling cyan flame suddenly burst out from his body, forming a cyan-colored palm of a hundred feet in front of him!

On the cyan palm, mysterious cyan runes and traces of ancient lines appeared quietly.

"What a tyrannical attack." Seeing this, Xue Tian frowned immediately. For an attack of this level, if Ghost Face and Soul Flame were directly used to attack both of them, I'm afraid they wouldn't even have a chance to fight back.

"Strong attack." The Gorefiend made the blood mass move slightly, and then uttered a sentence.

"But...it's not enough!"

"Gorefiend golden energy, give it to me!" Then the next moment, a sharp voice suddenly echoed in this space.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

As soon as the blood demon emissary's voice fell, a blood-red aura with a hint of gold suddenly emerged from his blood group, and then he was attacked by the ghost face and soul flame.

"Crash!" The two forces, one positive and one evil, just came into contact, and the violent storm suddenly dissipated.

"Gulugulu!" However, the two forces were extremely powerful, so there was no winner in a short period of time, but the cyan lava at the feet of the Ghost Face Soul Flame was sending out extremely violent fluctuations, as if it was extremely violent to the power of evil. repelling, wanting to devour it.

"Happy!"

"I didn't expect your strength to be so tyrannical, Ghost Face Soul Flame, I really underestimate you." Not long after, the blood demon golden energy and the hand of ghost flame shattered, and the blood demon emissary roared.

"This guy is really strong." Seeing that the two attacks just now were evenly matched, Ghost Face Soul Yan murmured in his heart.

The attack just now was actually evenly matched, because neither of them used their trump card, it was just a tentative attack.

"Blood fiend, I have to say that you are very strong."

"But at this time, you are only half of your strength. If I can't even deal with you, it would be too ridiculous." Ghost Face Soul Yan slowly shook his head and said.

"That's it..."

"So, do your best." The Gorefiend made the blood mass squirm slightly, and a powerful aura continued to emerge.

"as you wish!"

"Holy Flame Territory!" The next moment, the ghost-faced soul flame flashed with a strange cyan flame all over its body, and then circles of cyan ripples suddenly emanated from its feet.

And the next moment, with the actions of Ghost Face and Soul Flame, the entire space has undergone qualitative changes.

"This is……"

"Where is it..." Xue Xuan's strength was quite weak, and he couldn't help asking when he felt an incomparably powerful suppression in this strange space.

"This is a field of its own..."

"The Holy Flame has the Holy Flame Space, and this Holy Flame Domain is a more powerful space than the Holy Flame Space."

"In the Holy Flame Realm, if one is not careful, I am afraid that I will also fall completely." When the four Gorefiends found out that Ghost Face Soul Flame had used the means, the original cyan lava disappeared without a trace. , they entered a new space, at this time the Gorefiend said in a deep voice.

"So strong?" Xue Tian, ​​who was beside him, couldn't help but say.

"It's very strong...but we have him, it's all in vain." In this mysterious realm, the Gorefiend has no fear, and his pupils are also surrounded by his own Gorefiend's golden energy. silhouette.

"Gorefiend, here will be your best graveyard." After summoning the Holy Flame Domain, Ghost Face Soul Yan slowly turned his gaze and said word by word.

"Being able to use the Holy Flame Domain by the Holy Flame Spirit can be regarded as worthy of me..."

"But I don't believe this is so evil!" As soon as the voice fell, the dazzling blood on the Gorefiend became more and more solid, and then with a few bangs, a figure the size of a child slowly emerged from the Gorefiend's body. Out of the blood.

"Gorefiend, you really are despicable." After seeing this scene, the always calm Ghost Face Soul Flame couldn't help but burst into a drink, because with the power of the holy flame, he could clearly perceive that the bloodfiend's The appearance of a child is astonishingly formed by absorbing the blood of countless human beings.

And at the child's chest, a looming red light also appeared.

The Holy Flame Domain has the power to suppress and destroy the evil races outside the domain, but if it meets some children with pure hearts, I am afraid that it will be broken in an instant Human beings are indeed a group of very delicious creatures. "In the mouth of the little child, a rather strange voice sounded slowly.

"at this point……"

"Benyan announces with the spirit of ghost face and soul flame."

"Gorefiend, you will be suppressed by me!" As soon as the voice fell, the entire dark space suddenly became bright, and the blue flames that were incomparably coercive, like powerful weapons that slaughtered evil, flickered directly. stand up.

"Hahaha."

"Ghost face and soul flame, don't think that you can suppress me if you have a domain."

"I will give you back the shame I suffered back then!" When the Gorefiend made the child's voice fall, his palm suddenly stretched into his chest, and then without any hesitation, he squeezed it suddenly, a powerful beating blood The red heart slowly appeared.

"With the heart of a man."

"Destroy the domain." With a soft sentence, the child suddenly smiled brightly, and the next moment, his palm suddenly squeezed, and his heart was broken instantly.

And the heart just shattered, and suddenly a strong force spread suddenly, and with the Gorefiend doing this, the azure holy flame in the holy flame domain was like a small fire encountering a flood, and it was instantly wiped out.

"Ghost Face Soul Yan, now I'll see how you are doing..." After doing all this, although the Gorefiend weakened the child's body a lot, he still said with a smile.

When the Blood Demon Envoy and Ghost Face Soul Flame were at a stalemate, Xiao Yan and his party also slowly came to the outer periphery of the seal.