Chapter Vol 4 1928: The flame beast wakes up!

The latest website: "Heisha Longwolf..." The evil man wrapped in cyan water, showing his white teeth, a trace of madness that was close to a twisted smile, stared at the weak Heisha Longwolf, the voice seemed to be A vicious dog, constantly wanting to crush not a single muscle or a single bone on his body, he couldn't help imprisoning his soul, and he would never be able to turn over.

"Water and fire are two evils..." With the last bit of strength, the black evil dragon wolf forcibly supported his body, stood up, and protected the demon of light behind him, sneered, and stood up proudly as if he were dead.

"Do you know each other?" At this moment, the Demon of Light also smelled a cold killing intent from his dignified gaze. In addition to his strength in the late stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, he couldn't help frowning slightly.

"Water and fire are two evils. I accompanied a strong Red King and an army of foreign evil tribes to attack our demon world, and they were suppressed by the seal of the master."

"It's an old opponent... and it's my defeat." For a moment, a deafening and ferocious voice emerged from the mouth of the black dragon wolf.

"Ah, ah, don't mention the past again!"

"Old guy, this time, this king will see how you can escape!" The guy roared wildly after being told by the Heishan Longlang.

After the rest, the corners of the mouth of the Water Demon King wrapped in cyan water were sharp, and the icy water of evil kept overflowing all over his body.

"Strange... Those guys in the Soul Palace have already gone to pave the way for us to suppress the devil where the Red King is located, but there seems to be some terrifying aura here, something similar to the power of light?"

"Is it an illusion?"

"However, how could it be possible that Heishan Longlang's dignified Eight-star Fighting Immortal late-stage strength could be so seriously injured? What the **** is going on?" At this time, the Fire Demon King, who was covered in brown flames, stood quietly in the sky, and did not act rashly.

"Pfft." With a sound, a trace of light was completely concealed in the void of the Demon Suppression Prison. Obviously, an angel who has stepped into the reincarnation, trying to deceive the perception of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, is still easy.

She doesn't seem to be in a hurry, because she also wants to see the grievances between these people, not to mention that there are still some figures running towards here, adding a bit more color to the battle.

"This time, who can save you!"

"Let this king fall here!"

"Blood Curtain of Evil Water!"

"Die!" The Water Demon King roared, and the monstrous water curtain behind him directly pressed down. The extreme **** evil aura unconsciously burned and suppressed other powerhouses.

"Mistress, get out of the way, let me come!" In an instant, watching this incomparably evil and **** water curtain descend, the complexion of the black evil dragon wolf suddenly became gloomy, and the body was tensed at the same time, and the expression was abnormally solemn. The blood in the body boiled.

In the current situation, I am afraid there is only the last way to burn life, otherwise the two will be completely buried here today.

"You have protected me a lot, let me come next."

"Angel Feather Sword!" Instead, the demon of light protected the black dragon wolf behind him, and immediately the **** angel wings behind him waved, instantly turning into an extremely exquisite sacred sword on his slender jade hand. Staring coldly at the Water Demon King and the evil water curtain, the sacred sword in his hand made an extremely harsh humming sound.

"Die!" Seeing the two arguing so much, the corners of the water fiend king's mouth were insane. He didn't care why the Hei Fiend Dragon Wolf was like this, as long as the Hei Fiend Dragon Wolf was obliterated, revenge, and shame!

And just when the two were at a stalemate, the evil water curtain quietly approached them with a terrifying power that could be learned from the world!

"The Demon King!"

"Immortal golden body!"

"Immortal flames!" Three cold snorts swept out, and immediately centered on the two black evil dragons and wolves, and three incomparably strong defenses swept out.

First of all, there is the spirit-like appearance of a demon emperor, a giant figure that is full of thousands of feet, expelling all the evil aura from the whole world, he stands proudly, and looks at the oncoming evil water curtain, unmoved at all!

Then there is the second, the giant figure blessed by the bright golden light, which tightly protects every part of the body of the two demons of light!

Finally, the energy armor composed of immortal flames protects the flesh and blood of the two and even the skin inside!

"Two adults, go back!" At this time, the Demon King of Ten Thousand Demons appeared inside, supporting the Black Demon Dragon Wolf, and said respectfully.

The complete power of the Black Devil Dragon Wolf Eight Star Fighting Immortal is actually so seriously injured, what kind of power does it take to make it look like this?

But now is obviously not the time to think about these issues, the Wan Yaowang can only support them and slowly leave here.

"Boom!" A deafening roar sounded, and circles of energy ripples emerged, but the evil water curtain was like a series of water droplets, dripping heavily on the demon emperor's heavenly appearance!

"Kacha Kacha!" Without any hesitation, the spiritual quasi-immortal-level demon emperor's celestial appearance was directly torn by the evil water curtain and turned into a sky full of powder!

"Bang bang bang!" After the demon emperor's celestial appearance was broken, the power of the evil water curtain still did not weaken in any way. It was charging towards Xiao Yan's immortal golden body. The crazy and evil fluctuations contained in it were Xiao Yan's. This is the first time in Yan's life!

"Crack!" With a sound, the power of the Immortal Golden Body didn't last long, and it was completely destroyed by it. Obviously, the absolute distance in the power cannot be resisted by these external means.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan's eyes were very deep, and his body trembled immediately, and he directly took the Heisha Longwolves away from the cage floor.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the evil water curtain suddenly hit the area, and immediately countless rock crystals turned into powder, and a crack with a size of thousands of meters emerged, and the deadly breath of death in it was unquestionable.

"Xiao Yan?" Being rescued by Xiao Yan, the Black Evil Dragon Wolf and the Demon of Light exclaimed at the same time.

"Two, now is probably not the time to reminisce." Xiao Yan smiled bitterly, the flames in his eyes flickered, and a strange and boundless wave spread out!

The two white kings, and they are also two powerful men with the strength of the late eight-star fighting immortals at the same time, which makes Xiao Yan like a formidable enemy!

"Oh... Saint Flame Controller?"

"It seems that this time, a great harvest!" Seeing that Xiao Yan's attack was actually stopped by Xiao Yan's mid-term strength of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, the Water Demon King smiled slightly, and then looked around with his extremely evil eyes, and found that there was no other After the help, an even more terrifying icy cold suffocation permeated out.

"Let's die together." As soon as the Water Demon King finished speaking Bai Jing raised his palm and waved it towards the void where Xiao Yan and the four were.

"Bang bang bang!" The palm of his hand was just waved down, and Xiao Yan's four bodies were suddenly able to shrink, and the surrounding dim void space was distorted, and vaguely there were shadows of water and clay figurines emerging, that kind of like a pool The water-liquid clay figurine, which is generally extremely soft, just appeared, but Xiao Yan's pupils shrank violently, and a wave of death filled his heart!

"Crack!" With a sound, his hand picked up the knife and fell, and suddenly he was awe-inspiring, and roared away at Xiao Yan, but when he attacked Xiao Yan, he disappeared in the air, and seemed to be wiped out by a more mysterious power.

"You...seem to have something in your body!" Watching the water-liquid clay figurines go away with a devastating blow, they suddenly disappeared when they hit Xiao Yan's side, as if they were swallowed up by some mysterious creature. generally!

"What?" At this moment, the eyes of the Shui Fiend King, who were originally sneering at the corners of his mouth, trembled involuntarily, because at this time, there seemed to be a majestic behemoth in Xiao Yan's body, slowly waking up!

And its aura turned out to be more tyrannical than himself, and more importantly, the Water Demon King actually felt a real fear from that rare fluctuation!