Chapter 350: The secret of the Xuanling Emperor Pond!

"Cough, cough..." Faced with such a terrifying pressure, Xiao Yan suddenly knelt down on both knees. After all, the breath that the Golden Dragon King was exuding at this time had reached the level of a half-step fighting immortal. , this is not enough for Xiao Yan now.

"I've written down your business, don't worry."

"This king's words are hard to follow." The Golden Dragon King also slowly withdrew his breath and said.

Before he finished speaking, the passionate dragon roar echoed in the passage.

"This is…"

"The aura of the King of the Dragon Clan, the Golden Dragon King!" Even Yu Xuan recognized the aura of the Golden Dragon King at this time. After all, this Dragon Clan is a household name in the human world.

Just not to mention that their dragon clan has spent a lot of strong people in order to defend against foreign evil clans, this dragon clan can be trusted just a little bit, after all, the dragon clan is a arrogant group that is hard to follow.

"Hehe, the thoughts left by this remnant of my soul are also for these few things. Now that things are understood, it is also a big worry for me."

"You little guy came here to enter the Xuanling Emperor Pond, right?" After the Golden Dragon King agreed to Yuxi's request, he also stood there quietly, like a standing figure, and Yuxi also had no self-control. Instead of disturbing the uninteresting, he turned his attention to Xiao Yan next to him.

"Junior just wanted to use the formation stone of the predecessor to enter the Xuanling Emperor Pond." Xiao Yan did not hesitate and said to the fish.

Now that they have close cooperation, they will not embarrass him if they want to come to this fish show. Otherwise, this fish show alone is comparable to the strength of a human eight-star fighting emperor, and Xiao Yan may only be defeated and run away.

"The Xuanling Emperor Pond..."

"It's really a good thing..."

"However, outsiders only know that this is the Xuanling Emperor Pond, but they don't know that this Xuanling Emperor Pond was originally a forbidden place for our Tianmu fish family. Slowly, there was regret in his voice.

"What's going on?" Originally, Xiao Yan's heart hadn't calmed down because of the mother of the fairy bodhi tree and Sheng Yan, but now hearing Yu Xuan's words, his heart was fluctuating violently.

Yu Xuan's words clearly meant that he knew the Xuanling Emperor Pond very well!

Because Yu Xuan also said that this Xuanling Emperor Pond is the forbidden area of ​​their Tianmuyu clan, but it was later changed to Xuanling Emperor Pond after being invaded by the Xuanling royal family.

"Do you know what the Xuanling Emperor Pond is?" Yu Xuan also smiled, and then slowly stared at Xiao Yan.

"It is said that the Xuanling Emperor Pond is a very special river. The water in the river can greatly increase the speed of cultivation, and even has many mysterious effects, but there is no doubt that it can be called a six-star Dou Emperor powerhouse. It’s definitely not a nonsense.” Xiao Yan also said according to what Zhu Lao and himself had seen and heard.

"Hehe, these are certainly true, but they are just the tip of the iceberg of this Xuanling Emperor Pond."

"The real Xuanling Emperor Pond actually takes the responsibility of cultivating the younger generation as its own mission."

"The Xuanling Emperor Pond is divided into two layers. The first layer is soaking, so as to improve the cultivation speed of practitioners. Although it is very small, it also has its effect."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"As for the second floor, you can get baptism, so as to condense the prototype of the core!"

"It will pave the way for you to step into the six-star Dou Di strong in the future!" Yu Xuan laughed.

"The prototype of Douhe..." Xiao Yan's lips were also slightly dry.

The prototype of the Dou Nue means Xiao Yan is also clear about what it means. However, with the Dou Nu, it means that he has become a Dou Xian level powerhouse, and if the Dou Nu prototype is condensed earlier, it will undoubtedly be even bigger!

"And this Xuanling Imperial Pond, even the members of the Xuanling Imperial Family only know about it, not many. From ancient times to the present, only the Xuanling King has entered the second floor of the Xuanling Imperial Pond." Yu Xuan also said. He smiled slowly.

"Mysterious Spirit Emperor Pond still has so many fans..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but murmured.

After all, this Xuanling Imperial Pond is controlled by the Xuanling Imperial Family. Xiao Yan also knows very little about this information. Now it is much more convenient to have the guidance of this Yu Xuan.

"Senior, could it be that there is some secret between the first and second floors of the Xuanling Emperor Pond?"

"Otherwise, how could only one person enter for thousands of years?" Xiao Yan also found the problem and asked hurriedly.

"Hehe, the predecessor of this Xuanling Emperor Pond is a forbidden area for our Tianmu fish clan, so I know about it, I am afraid that no one in this world knows it better than me." Yu Xuan also said confidently.

"The Xuanling Emperor Pond is an extremely peculiar space. The flow of time inside is very slow. A month outside is enough to stay in it for a year, but it can't stay there for too long. After all, it will be rejected by the Xuanling Emperor Pond. "

"However, between the first and second floors of the Xuanling Imperial Pond, ordinary people only know that the first floor of the Xuanling Imperial Pond has various benefits, but no one knows the entrance to the second floor."

"So the rarity and entry conditions of this second floor are quite harsh." Yu Xuan also said slowly.

"Harsh?" Xiao Yan's complexion also became ugly. After all, he came to the Xuanling Emperor Pond for the mysterious effect on the second floor of the Xuanling Emperor Pond, which was enough to pave the way for the Six-Star Dou Emperor!

"Hehe, don't worry, you brat, since I have begged you, will naturally help you mercilessly about the secret of the Xuanling Emperor Pond." After Yu Xuan finished speaking, he also read Glancing at the Golden Dragon King next to him, he found that the most terrifying powerhouse at this time was also exuding a languid aura, but Yu Xuan was not suspicious. After all, this Golden Dragon King had a great reputation. Since he agreed For himself, Yu Xuan also felt relieved.

"Oh?" Xiao Yan was also overjoyed when he heard this. Obviously, since this Xuanling Emperor Pond is a forbidden place for the Tianmuyu clan, there is no one who knows better than this Yuxuan.

"This Xuanling Emperor Pond was originally a fairly ordinary river. Later, because a meteorite fell to the bottom, the Xuanling Emperor Pond was formed."

"It's strange to say that the mysterious power scattered by this meteorite slowly dispersed in the river, thus forming the current Xuanling Emperor Pond."

"The mysterious meteorite is located in the core area of ​​the second floor of the Xuanling Emperor Pond."

"And the benefits of cultivating on the second floor of the Xuanling Emperor Pond will undoubtedly be even greater." Yu Xuan also said slowly.

"A mysterious meteorite..."

"What is it, it actually exudes enough power to condense the prototype of the Dou Nue..." Xiao Yan was also shocked, because even Xiao Yan knew the horror of such a thing, so he was right. The Xuanling Emperor Pond's interest also grew.

"That meteorite, even I don't know what it is..."

"However, I have a way for you to get close to the meteorite to find out." Yu Xuan also smiled slowly.