Chapter 476: Enemy road is narrow!

"Damn bastard!"

"There must be something wrong, how could such a terrifying seven-colored swallowing python appear?" King Xuanling secretly regretted.

"Is this really a colorful sky swallowing python..."

"It is said that the real swallowing pythons are divided into ten colors. At ten colors, you can swallow the sun, moon, and stars with your mouth open, and you can kill the gods and gods when you open your eyes..." The medicine core on the side spoke slowly, with surprise in his voice But it is incessant.

"clam down."

"The colorful swallowing python... this is not like it." Qin Tian's eyes relaxed slightly and then opened his mouth to the crowd.

"It's not the colorful swallowing python, so what is this thing?" Xuanmo said with some fear. Obviously, this lifelike pattern alone gave them an invisible huge pressure!

"The seven-colored swallowing pythons are some of the most terrifying beasts in the world. If this is really the seven-colored swallowing pythons in front of you, I am afraid that at this time we will become the souls of their mouths." Qin Tian smiled. road.

"As for this thing, I'm afraid it is most likely the legendary snake dance." Qin Tian smiled.

"Dance of Snake Illusion?" Everyone was puzzled.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I don't know and don't blame you. After all, the Ten-Colored Sky-Swallowing Python was once destroyed by the Lord of the Demon Realm, so it is impossible for the Sky-Swallowing Python family to still exist in this world."

"And the thing in front of us is at best just a projection in the temple." Qin Tian smiled.

"Projection?"

"Then there really is a colorful sky-swallowing python in this temple?" The Xuanling King heard the words and said with great joy.

"Although I'm not sure, but there is definitely something that belongs to the Seven-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, otherwise the residual power of this Seven-Colored Sky Swallowing Python will not come out to stop us for no reason." Qin Tian smiled.

"The colorful swallowing python..." King Xuanling's eyes became extremely hot!

King Xuanling learned from some ancient scrolls that through the blood power of the Seven-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, the power of holy flame can be greatly reduced!

In the words of Sheng Yan, King Xuanling knows that what they imprisoned on the seventh floor of the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family is that terrifying holy flame!

At the beginning, it was at a huge cost to capture this holy flame, but after countless generations of efforts, it was impossible to truly devour the holy flame!

The power of holy flame is the most powerful force between heaven and earth. If you are not fully prepared, you may be instantly turned into ashes by its terrifying temperature and energy.

That's why King Xuanling desperately wanted to seize the opportunity to seize the seven-colored swallowing python, and then use its blood to subdue that holy flame!

If he possesses something like holy flame, King Xuanling has self-confidence, plus the background of the Xuanling royal family, I am afraid that it would be a fool's dream to rule Xuan for three days!

"Ha ha……"

"Colorful swallowing python..."

"Back then, just being a powerhouse with the blood of the Ten-Colored Sky-Swallowing Python severely damaged our founder of the Xuanling Royal Family!"

"But it's just colorful..."

"If there really is the power of the colorful swallowing python in this temple, I can't say it can take the opportunity to swallow the founder of the Xuanling royal family... After so many years, I am afraid that with his strength of fighting immortals, it is enough to die a hundred times. already."

"Susu!" King Xuanling laughed strangely.

"Humph!"

"King Xuanling, it's been a long time!" After the colorful pattern of swallowing pythons appeared on the wall of the Baize Temple, King Xuanling's group obviously slowed down, and then a terrifying figure instantly appeared in the temple.

"Snake?"

"I didn't expect that you have already broken through to the half-immortal..." A voice of shame resounded in the temple!

The person who spoke was really the uncle of King Xuanling, the head of the Dragon-loving Legion!

Do not move Ming Wang Qin Tian!

Xuan Santian is a well-deserved peak powerhouse of Dou Di!

Qin Tian has been in the Nine-Rank Nine-Star Dou Di for decades, but there is no breakthrough in the path of the Half-Immortal Fighting Immortal.

This also created Qin Tianhui's promise to King Xuanling to go to the Medusa family.

To tell the truth, Qin Tian would only choose the latter when it comes to the survival of the Xuanling royal family and the breakthrough of fighting immortals. After all, Qin Tian understands that when a person's strength reaches a certain level, he can shock the heroes!

"Today, no matter who is here!"

"This shrine, we've made it!" King Xuanling snorted coldly, and then the terrifying aura of the sky instantly radiated!

The fiery red grudge, accompanied by a force of life and death, directly attacked Shefu!

"Go!" Seeing this, Blue and White Snake was about to make a move, but was stopped by his master, Shefu.

"King Xuanling, I'll give you a chance, retreat immediately, my Medusa clan can let go of the past!" Shefu stopped King Xuanling's attack at will, and then slightly stepped forward with a snake-headed cane!

Beside Shefu at this time, Qinghua Snake, Xiaolu and Qingyan were extremely puzzled.

"Shefu, an old rival for so many years, is it useful to say this?" Qin Tian laughed loudly.

"Hey, stubborn." After Shefu finished speaking, he shook his head slightly, and then his body exuded a grudge, and an aura that made the world tremble slightly permeated the entire space outside the temple!

"It really is a half-immortal..."

"But even if you are a real Fighting Immortal, you can't stop us today!" There was a trace of resentment in King Xuanling's eyes, and he said viciously.

King Xuanling knew that no matter whether he succeeded or failed today, he would probably have a life-and-death feud with the Medusa family!

If they successfully obtained the swallowing python in the temple, it would be considered a success. If it fails, I am afraid that their dragon-loving army will lose a lot of power!

The Dragon Addiction Legion is the true core strength of the Xuanling Royal Family so far!

If it loses a little bit, I am afraid that the status of the Xuanling royal family will plummet!

"Noisy!" Shefu snorted coldly, and then the breath of the sky suddenly poured into the snake-headed cane in his hand.

"Shabu!" A huge amount of fighting qi was injected, the snake's head crutches turned green, and then the two pupils in the snake's head flashed with strange colors.

"You can't hold on, let's do it now!"

"If this snake waits until other strong men from the nine major tribes of the Medusa family come, I'm afraid our situation will be more fortunate!" King Xuanling also felt that there were some rather powerful forces in front of him. The breath is rushing towards him, and he hurriedly said.

"I originally wanted to catch up with you, but since I don't have time, let's come."

"Let me see how far apart your half-immortal's strength is from the peak strength of my Dou Di!" Qin Tian laughed out loud Then, five huge black and white energy **** appeared all over his body in an instant!

At the moment when these five black and white energy **** appeared, the space of this identity trembled slightly, and a force of life and death suddenly radiated from it!

"In that case, Xiaoqing, Xiaolu, the two of you will entertain the rest of them for me!" Shefu finished speaking, and then shouted loudly.

The next moment, on the snake-headed crutch in the hands of the old Snake Fu, a desolate aura emanated from the snake-head's bewitching pupils, and then a green fighting aura suddenly shot towards the wall of Bai Ze's temple!

"Shabu Shabu!" With the strange green fighting spirit bursting out from the snake-headed cane in Shefu's hand, Qin Tianbreakthrough felt a chill.

"Not good... Could it be!" Qin Tian was sweating coldly, and then his speed increased to the extreme, and he walked away against the strange green grudge!

The five black and white energy **** around also followed!

"Bang bang bang!" At the critical moment, Qin Tian still did not stop the strange green grudge!

Green Dou Qi smashed onto the colorful sky swallowing python projection on the wall of Bai Ze Temple!

Immediately, the colorful swallowing python seemed to come alive!

The next moment, with the Xuanling King and everyone stunned, the colorful swallowing python fell directly from the wall!

"Damn... this is trouble!" Qin Tian snorted coldly, then stared solemnly at the colorful swallowing python in front of him for the first time!

Ask for tickets!