Chapter Vol 4 1884: A sudden summons?

The Ten Thousand Demons Country is located in the Ten Thousand Demon Mountains, and the so-called Ten Thousand Demons Mountains is actually a gathering place for countless supernatural powers. , the Myriad Demon Nation, which enjoys a splendid and fierce reputation, stands in it.

The Ten Thousand Demon Nation's territory is nearly tens of thousands of miles away, under which there are countless power races and monsters, big and small, all crawling under the rule of the Ten Thousand Demon Nation. The powerhouses in the middle stage of Xingdouxian ruled all the supernatural beings in the ten thousand li radius of the Ten Thousand Demons Kingdom. For nearly a thousand years, the Ten Thousand Demons Kingdom also continued its prosperity.

"Is this the so-called Wan Yao Kingdom?"

"Sure enough." Xiao Yan and Die Qi just emerged from the cracks in time and space, and immediately landed on a plain, with the help of the towering terrain, they just had a panoramic view of the entire Myriad Demon Nation.

The outline of the huge city was slowly exposed from Xiao Yan's line of sight. The extremely rich energy of heaven and earth and the astonishing demon aura impacted Xiao Yan's mind. It seemed that this country of ten thousand demons was enough to be called a real powerhouse. gathering place.

The buildings of the Myriad Demons are quite strange. Most of them are cast with clothes and water. The cities occupy a hundred miles of territory, and the surrounding cities are surrounded by walls. In one of the cages, in terms of defensive power alone, I'm afraid it's not an exaggeration.

After the rest, the figures of Xiao Yan and the two stabilized, and suddenly a green shadow flickered down from the huge city wall, facing Xiao Yan and the two with a smile on their faces. This guy's aura was quite good. Moreover, there are obvious marks of the Ten Thousand Demon Nation on his body, and he is probably some strong man in charge of the Ten Thousand Demon Nation.

The visitor was an old man in green robes, and a soft aura permeated his brows, but there was also an extremely strong aura of oppression. Xiao Yan sensed it carefully and found that the strength of the visitor turned out to be Seven Star Dou. Fairy!

"A deacon of the guard team of the next Ten Thousand Demons, and two friends have come from afar. I don't know why they came to Ten Thousand Demons?" The old man in green robe walked up slightly and showed his favor to Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan. Since the time when people emerged from the cracks in time and space, it was destined that the identities of the two were not simple. There were only a handful of races that could build space-time cracks around the Wan Yao Nation. The scene was discovered by the old man in green robes. He used to resign to investigate. Otherwise, if it is an ordinary strong man, this old man will be too lazy to leave.

"Here." Listening to the voice of the green-robed old man, Die Qi's delicate fingers twitched, and a letter of recommendation floated gently towards him.

"Butterfly Valley?" He just came across the recommendation letter, opened it, and the green-robed old man's expression became strange, and he exclaimed.

Not to mention anything else, just the words outlined by the heart-pounding demonic energy on the recommendation letter made him tremble slightly, not to mention how terrifying the latter's strength is.

"Is there any problem?" Xiao Yan asked when he saw the green-robed old man's change.

"Don't dare, forgive me for being clumsy, the two adults, please come with me, and I will take you to see the Ten Thousand Demon King." After Shunxi, the green-robed old man's expression changed slightly, and he hurriedly said.

My darling, I can meet the guy recommended by the ancestors of Butterfly Valley, and my luck is too...

Who is the ancestor of Butterfly Valley?

This was the founding hero who founded the Wan Yao Kingdom together with the Wan Yao King back then. Even if he abdicated and retired, his status was by no means comparable to them, so there would be such a strong reaction.

"It's work." Xiao Yan was slightly overjoyed. It seemed that he didn't help Butterfly Valley in vain, and what Xiao Yan didn't expect was that the status of this Butterfly Valley ancestor did not seem to be low in the Myriad Demon Nation. In this case, The road ahead will be much smoother.

"Dong, dong, dong!" Just as Xiao Yandie prayed that the two of them followed the green-robed old man slowly towards the city of Ten Thousand Demons, an awe-inspiring Qiang flute sounded from the top of the city. The vast territory of the demon country can be heard, and the sound of the Qiang flute is quite rapid, as if there is something serious.

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan glanced slightly, and found several monsters wearing armor at the top of the city. Their fluffy fur and rough and serious expressions were a sign that something big would happen.

"This is... the king's summoning order?"

"What's going on?" At this time, the green-robed old man was also at a loss. The summoning order of the Ten Thousand Demon King is usually only issued when it is quite urgent. Now that I have not received any information, how can it be released for no reason? What about the summoning order?

"My lord, as soon as the king's summoning order comes out, all supernatural beings must go to the Ten Thousand Demons Square to gather. My lord, I'm sorry, but please come with me." There was a complicated look in the eyes of the green-robed old man. , and immediately took Xiao Yan and the two across the heavily guarded moat of the Myriad Demons and gathered towards the Myriad Demons Square.

Among the cities of Wan Yaoguo, the vast territory is full of dazzling buildings. Wan Yao Square, all kinds of downtown and luxurious buildings, heralds the prosperity here, and at this time, the area in the city is paved with cobblestones. On the majestic square of , there was a sea of ​​people, and the black crowd made it impossible to drain the water around here And at the end of the square, there was a slightly raised round platform, and there seemed to be a figure slowly forming on the round platform.

"what happened?"

"The summoning order issued by the king himself?"

"Could it be that the monster army of the other strong men attacked?"

"But the three powerhouses and the seven demon kings have already said that all battles are prohibited in the territory of the demon world and can only be carried out in the ancient battlefield. What the **** is going on?" Thousand Demons Square within a kilometer range , One after another, suspicious eyes stared at the slightly raised round platform, and the hearts of countless monsters were full of doubts.

"The Ten Thousand Demons Kingdom really lives up to its reputation." At this time, Xiao Yan Dieqi and the green-robed old man brought Xiao Yan to an open area near the Round Terrace in Ten Thousand Demons Square. Xiao Yan looked around and found that among the powerhouses here, six There are not a few monsters of Xingdouxian, and Qixingdouxian is also looming.

What's more, Xiao Yan found that among these people, it seems that there are not only human beings, but also some strange monsters that look like monsters, with fluff or scales all over their bodies. They did not choose to turn into humans, because For some special reasons, the downy and scales are their own weapons for some monsters, but those who can enter the Myriad Monster Kingdom are screened layer by layer, so no monsters will doubt the identity of other monsters.

"This is..." After a glance, Xiao Yan's eyes locked on the raised circular platform above the square, the void above the circular platform was squirming slightly, and a tyrannical demonic energy seemed to be constructing the void and slowly stepped out.

That kind of breath turned out to be the Eight Star Fighting Immortal!

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.