Chapter Vol 4 2228: The Great Elder wakes up!

"Desolate Spirit!"

"Holy Flame Sacred Pattern!"

"Accompany the master of this holy flame to kill the evil demon together!"

Xiao Yan's face was calm, his majestic voice descended from the sky like rolling furious thunder, and at the same time, the burning art in his body was running to the extreme, and layers of gorgeous flames covered his body.

It's just that Xiao Yan found out that the Fen Jue and Sheng Yan that he displayed this time were actually completely different from the previous ones.

After receiving the blessing of the reincarnation power of the two elders, Xiao Yan discovered many strange things after he performed the first realm of Fen Jue!

The many holy flames in his body and the purple holy flames in Xiao Yi's Reincarnation Seal converged in front of Xiao Yan without the control of the two, and after being tempered by the small flame cauldron, they turned into six mysterious ancient flame runes. , they quickly poured out of the body, and immediately they were all branded on the body of the wild spirit.

The flame runes of different colors, like the heaven and the earth can be burned and cracked, the power is indescribable, and it is worshipped!

The six ancient flame emblems turned into mysterious runes, suddenly burst out from Xiao Yan's small flame cauldron, and then injected into the body of the barren spirit. At that time, six kinds of lustrous flames continued to linger on the body of the barren spirit, beautiful and beautiful. Fabulous.

"This guy has actually mastered the cultivation of the power of holy flame to the highest level, the power of the holy flame coat of arms, the holy pattern!"

"If you want to rely on the fire of holy flame to temper it to form a holy pattern, this method requires at least the strength of reincarnation, and in the entire Great Thousand World, there are very few strong people who can do this."

"This Xiao Yan may have the appearance of a fighting **** in the future!!!"

Second Elder Ma Lin and Yao Laogui looked at Xiao Yan weakly, and the shock on their cheeks couldn't be further added.

There is a record in their elf clan. There was a great power who cultivated the holy flame to the extreme, and cooperated with the flame holy pattern in their body to win the world!

The most representative of them is the goddess Yaoji!

Although Yao Ji's strength has not reached the end of the Reincarnation Rank, but by virtue of the holy pattern on her body and the strange sorcery, she has almost stood at the top of the Reincarnation Rank in the Great Thousand World!

"Desolate Spirit, Saint Mark!"

Looking at the behemoth above his head, Xiao Yan sneered, his body burned with determination, his palms wriggled at the same time, and majestic energy poured into it. With these actions falling, the desolate spirit suddenly became restless, with an endless desolate aura. Along with the six flame runes, they interweave in the sky of the lair, forming a colorful flame holy net.

The flame holy net not only contains the desolate atmosphere of the desolate spirit, but also contains the power of ancient runes formed by six kinds of holy flames. It just appeared and immediately solidified the dark evil power around the demon shadow evil spirit. The terrifying power is actually It is to instantly evaporate the evil power in the lair.

"Holy pattern... six paths?"

"Although your strength is beyond the control of this seat, but with you, you can't obliterate this seat!"

"This time with the help of Desolate Spirit, you won't have such good luck next time!"

"The Fall of the Evil Spirit!"

Seeing such a terrifying blow, the demonic shadow evil spirit snorted coldly, and the body of the demonic shadow evil spirit swelled up. , the body is like a tide-like viscous evil force roaring out, resisting the terrible fluctuations of the desolate spirit.

In the end, the dying ghost actually disappeared into the golden coffin in an instant, and at the same time, the lair became quiet.

"Damn, almost."

After doing all this, Xiao Yan's body was like a deflated balloon and fell directly from the air, but the look on his cheeks was extremely ugly.

The Demon Shadow Evil Spirit just now is not the purest foreign evil race, it is just an evil creature condensed by countless evil thoughts. Now the gathering of the ancient ancient formation and the six holy patterns have not killed this guy, which makes the always cautious. Xiao Yan felt extremely uneasy.

At the same time, in the center of the lair, the Great Elder who had been sitting quietly since the beginning, suddenly sprayed out a mouthful of black demonic blood, and his breath returned to normal.

"Second brother, are you alright?"

Although the situation was not optimistic, Xiao Yi did not have time to talk to the Great Elder, but instead caught Xiao Yan.

"I'm fine, let's go down and have a look first."

Although Xiao Yan was weak, it was only some loss of strength caused by forcibly activating the holy pattern, and it was not a serious problem. When he sensed that the elder had made a move, the four hurriedly fell into the lair, and walked cautiously towards the center of the lair.

Without the existence of the evil ghosts, the ancient desert formation was also controlled by Xiao Yan. The current lair is quite quiet, and the four of them came to the center very easily.

"Great Elder!"

The second elder Ma Lin just came to the center of the lair, and he opened his mouth with a sullen look. Looking at the middle-aged woman, his voice was full of choking and self-blame.

"Hehe, Ma Lin, Yao Yao, thank you so much this time."

After Ma Lin exited, there was no movement in the entire lair, but after a few minutes, the quiet elder suddenly opened his eyes, like an ancient creature that had been sitting for countless years and got up quietly, accompanied by An extremely turbulent reincarnation aura tilted down like the coercion of the heavens and the earth, causing the cluttered aura that remained in the nest to dissipate instantly.

"Elder, what's going on?"

Yao Lao Gui, who was beside him, hurriedly asked.

You must know that the fire elves have not appeared in the clan since this incident. Even the high-level people like them do not know the secrets, but the elders who are stronger than the fire elves will be entangled by an evil thought. Living?

"Hehe, I'm greedy."

"The reason why our fire elves can't appear in the next patriarch is because the patriarch's token was brought into the coffin tomb by the previous patriarch. I entered here a long time ago, firstly to suppress this evil thought, and secondly to take back The patriarch's token in the coffin of the previous patriarch, but he was tricked by this evil thought, and he just said it."

The Great Elder has a figure of Yan Ting and is extremely beautiful, and looks like an average human being only about thirty years old. After all, for elves, even if they are a hundred years old and a thousand years old, they have some secret techniques that can maintain their youth.

"Who are these two?"

Speaking of which The Great Elder looked at Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi with a vigilant look. The two guys gave her a very strange feeling.

"Elder, this is the next king elected by our fire elves."

"And this one, although he is a human being, his strength should not be underestimated."

"My subordinates are worried about the safety of the elder, so they took the risk of taking the two into the elf's lair, and hope that the elder will atone for their sins!"

Hearing the voice of the Great Elder, Ma Lin and Yao Laogui hurriedly cupped their hands and said with fear in their voices.

"The reincarnation seal of Goddess Yaoji..."

"It's not bad for such a guy to be the king of our fire elves... Although his strength is a little weaker."

The first elder looked at Xiao Yi and said with satisfaction.

"what…"

"Wait, on your kid?"

"This is... the smell of holy flame?"

When the Great Elder's beautiful eyes saw Xiao Yan, there was a flash of surprise in his eyes. In his eyes, the amber flame was directly split into five kinds of flames!

Four kinds of flames burn violently, while one kind of flame is a little dim!

The Great Elder stared at Xiao Yan with beautiful eyes, and the five-colored flames in his eyes were extremely dazzling!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: