Chapter 152: Entrust!

"Master, don't worry, I won't let you down!" Xiao Yan also said imposingly.

Hearing this, the Golden Dragon King looked at Xiao Yan's scorching eyes, but also felt relieved and sipped his tea carefully.

Suddenly the body of the Golden Dragon King's soul state flickered violently!

Rather than saying that the Golden Dragon King was originally a body in a state of soul, it is better to say that a mark on the Golden Dragon King's finger flickered and dimmed!

Although Xiao Yan didn't know the body of the Golden Dragon King, he also knew from the passage that the Golden Dragon King's strength was definitely extraordinary, so the Golden Dragon King in the soul state did not have the shape of a dragon, but was just like ordinary people.

The Golden Dragon King's originally relieved eyes also shrank his pupils tightly, and then he stared at the light mark on his palm!

"This light mark..."

"I remember that it was an agreement between me and them before they were caught. As long as this light seal lights up, the Golden Dragon King can capture their specific location."

"Could it be that they escaped..." The Golden Dragon King also seemed to have seen something, and then said in a voice that could only be heard by himself.

Because the imprint on the Golden Dragon King's hand now is impressively possessed by the dragon clan, and can sense each other's light imprint at the specific location, but Xiao Yan doesn't know that.

"Is the position of the light seal constantly moving..."

"It seems that I will meet them later."

"But Xiao Yan, this kid has to be tight, otherwise this strength is..." After thinking about it, the Golden Dragon King regained his composure, but Xiao Yan could find that his master, who used to be listless in the past, is now in the eyes. There is actually a trace of excitement that is difficult for ordinary people to detect.

"Master, are you alright?" Xiao Yan obviously didn't know the light seal on his master's Golden Dragon King's hand, so he could only ask.

"It's alright, it's just that his power has recovered a little bit." The Golden Dragon King also made a random excuse to fool him.

"I will pay close attention to the matter of refining the body." Although Xiao Yan found out that his master, the Golden Dragon King, was different, he didn't have enough strength, and the master wouldn't talk about it, so he didn't make fun of himself.

"The matter of refining the body is not in a hurry."

"The most urgent task now is to find a way to cultivate spiritual power, so that you can start to learn the accomplishments of a battle formation master."

"One more thing is, since it's going to Xuantian three days, then we have to try to find that holy flame." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan was also overjoyed. The Holy Flame was undoubtedly more powerful than the strange fire in his body, and at the same time, it was more rare. If Xiao Yan were to find it alone, it would undoubtedly be like finding a needle in a haystack.

But fortunately, his master, the Golden Dragon King, knew about one of the holy flames, and that holy flame was located within Xuan Santian!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"After you pass the test and join the super sect, you will start working. Until then..." The Golden Dragon King looked at Xiao Yan with interest and smiled.

"Master, shall I join that super sect?"

"Is it still Burning Incense Pavilion?" Hearing that, Xiao Yan also asked. After all, these nine super sects are quite powerful, and for some reason, Xiao Yan can always feel that his master, the Golden Dragon King, must be with someone within the Xuantian three days. There is some inevitable relationship between denominations.

"Fenxiang Pavilion is a very special sect. It is different from other sects. Other sects mainly focus on cultivating fighting qi or puppet skills, but this Burning Incense Pavilion focuses on cultivation, supplemented by cultivation, and cultivation of mind. for this.”

"The disciples admitted by the Fenxiang Pavilion are divided into two types. One is the outer disciple, who learns qin, chess, calligraphy and painting, the Four Books and Five Classics, poetry and music; the second is the inner disciple, who learns fighting qi and fighting skills, and becomes a real powerhouse, slaying demons. In addition to the demons, the peace of the party is guaranteed. Therefore, the disciples of the Fenxiang Pavilion are not necessarily all cultivators, but the Fenxiang Pavilion is famous regardless of whether it is an inner or outer disciple." I mean, the Golden Dragon King.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan's eyes lit up, it was obvious that what his master Jinlong King said was much more detailed than what Wang Zhong said.

"But Shizu, what about slaying demons and eliminating demons?" Xiao Yan also asked in doubt.

"There are some connections in the seven realms, and even if someone manipulates them, they cannot cut off the connection in these seven realms."

"And among these seven worlds, the human world has the largest number. Therefore, the forces of the demon world, the ghost world, and the demon world are thinking about invading some planes in the human world to strengthen their own strength."

"So what I want to say is that there are some passages to the demon world, the ghost world, and the demon world in these Xuan three days. Although it was sealed by the strong together ten thousand years ago, the power of the seal is getting weaker and weaker now, so you have to be more careful. ." King Jinlong said.

"Yeah." Hearing this, Xiao Yan also became serious, obviously he had never dealt with so-called ghosts and demons.

The only entrance to the "Devil World" in Xuantian Santian is at the bottom of the "Wanshi River", which is very dangerous. The "Wanshi River" is full of monsters, all of which are very powerful monsters. The cultivation base is so high that it is not an exaggeration to say that it is shocking.

Since ancient times, some monsters in the demon world have broken into Xuantiantian several times, bringing endless blood to the upper plane of Xuantiantian, causing countless innocent deaths, and making the super powerhouses in Xuantian angry greatly. , they joined forces, and finally forcibly drove the devil of the devil world back, and sealed the passage between the devil world and Xuan Tiantian.

Therefore, the legend of the demon world's invasion of Xuan Santian has a history.

The legendary "ghost world" is said to have its entrance in the ghost town of Xidu, but it is very hidden. In the ghost realm, there are countless ghosts, resentful spirits overflowing, and the yin wind roars, which is very terrifying.

Ordinary people will undoubtedly die as soon as they enter the ghost realm, even if the ordinary Dou Di peak powerhouse enters, it is also more fortunate and less fortunate. It is the most vicious region in the world since ancient times.

And the "demon world" is the gathering place of all the monsters in the world. There are countless monsters and beasts with profound cultivation bases. To put it in layman's terms, the monsters reach a certain strength, but they are promoted to the demon world The demon world is also considered to be It is stable, rarely invades the human world, and generally does not communicate with the human world.

It is said that there are very few people who know about the entrance of this space, so it is extremely mysterious.

Among the seven realms, the human realm is the main one.

The six worlds other than the human world are actually six dimensions. In fact, they are only some specific dimensions. Compared to the human world, they are quite small.

And every space depends on the human world to exist, and is connected with the human world. In fact, they all belong to the human world.

It's just that there is an invisible barrier between them and the human world, which separates them and forms a unique space that is different from the human world.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan was also surprised.

The so-called extraterritorial evil race is this demon world.

"Master, some forces from the demon world and the ghost world dare to invade Xuantian Santian, so aren't they afraid of causing a three-world war?"

"No, you're wrong, the power of the demon world and the ghost world to invade the human world is only the mainstay, and the number of each world must be maintained on a balance, so this kind of invasion is also a way of survival of the fittest, so the control of the seven worlds And it didn't interfere much with it."

"The real power at the top of the Seven Realms checks and balances each other, so the Three Realms War is impossible." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also felt relieved when he heard the words, and then closed his eyes to recuperate. He was getting closer and closer to that Xuan Santian, and he had to return to his peak period to deal with it.

Ask for a ticket~