Chapter 662: war of words

"Since everyone is here, let's start."

"I wanted to see Xiao Yan who killed the twin ghost emperors for a long time. Is there such a hype from the outside world?" Ling Yun looked at the other four and Xiao Yan, and immediately spoke.

As for the wooden token that Xiao Yan had already taken into his pocket, Ling Yun did not worry too much. After all, there were five Xiao Yan and the others, so even Xiao Yan would not be able to fly with his wings attached. Go in and spit out viciously!

"Captain, the strength of these people..." The other women saw at first sight that among the four people around Xiao Yan, there were actually two five-star fighting emperors who had not yet surpassed the six-star fighting emperor.

Not to mention the five-star Dou Emperor, even if it is some ordinary six-star Dou Emperor early stage powerhouse, the other four in this women's team are not afraid at all.

"The strength of these people is not as normal as it seems, so don't underestimate your opponent."

"But this is a good opportunity for us." Ling Yun said slowly, and then said with a smile on the corner of his mouth.

"I don't think so." Xiao Yan slowly put away the wooden signs under his command. Since Mu Yingying and the others have already come here, there is no need to be polite to Ling Yun.

Although Lingyun's dignified strength in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor is not weak, Xiao Yan's own strength has also reached the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, and he is not afraid at all.

"Oh?"

"Then what do you mean?" Ling Yun opened his mouth slightly, although he had already heard that Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying were inscrutable, but Ling Yun didn't believe that these people were among the four mid-stage Six-Star Dou Emperor in their entire team. Go out with her, a late stage powerhouse of the Six-Star Dou Emperor.

"It's useless to talk more, let's fight." Mu Feng naturally knew that Ling Yun was deliberately delaying time. If the Dawning team appeared, Xiao Yan and their festival would inevitably lead to a fierce battle. At that time, the Dawning team would add this girl. Team, I'm afraid that time will be the real disaster!

"If that's the case, then come on!" Ling Yun didn't mean to delay the time. After all, with Ling Yun's arrogance and their four mid-level Six-Star Dou Emperor teammates, such terrifying strength was enough to kill many teams in seconds. Although Yan's team was not weak, Xiao Yan was the only one who made Lingyun feel the pressure.

"Leave Lingyun to me." Xiao Yan was the first to stand up, and then slowly opened his mouth, looking directly at Ling Yun, Ling Yun's body was slowly exuding an extremely fierce vitality.

Such terrifying fluctuations are stronger than the average six-star Dou Di in the late stage, so Xiao Yan did not dare to take it lightly.

"Captain..." Seeing Xiao Yan being so arrogant, the other four women immediately became slightly wary.

"It's okay, since someone else has already chosen it, I'll take it." A smile flickered on the corner of Ling Yun's mouth, and then his eyes fixed on Xiao Yan.

Even if the current Xiao Yan did not exude any power, Ling Yun faintly felt a sense of danger!

A woman's perception of danger comes from intuition, but a woman's intuition is very accurate, Ling Yun has always believed in it.

"Leave the rest to us." Mu Yingying walked to Xiao Yan's side and patted Xiao Yan's shoulder.

"Yes." Xiao Yan agreed softly.

"It seems that this should be a good show!" After Green Flute finished speaking, she slowly exuded terrifying power!

Although the strength of Lvdi and Mufeng is only the perfection of the five-star Dou Emperor, they are not too conceited compared to the ordinary six-star Dou Emperor in the early stage.

"The four of them will be handed over to you."

"Remember, don't kill him." Ling Yun whispered to the four teammates behind him, because Ling Yun seemed to know that he might not be able to deal with Xiao Yan, so he had no choice but to say.

"Okay!" The four middle-stage six-star Dou Di women behind Ling Yun heard the words. Although they didn't understand why their teammates would say such a word, they still nodded lightly.

"It seems that you have confidence in your teammates?" Xiao Yan looked at Ling Yun lazily. Although the two were on the opposite side of the enemy, he had to say that Ling Yun, regardless of talent, strength or even beauty, All are top choices.

"Even if your teammates are terrifying, it is obviously not realistic to rely on Lingxuan's mid-6-star Dou-Emperor stage and a 6-star Dou-Emarch early-stage teammate, and want to settle down in the hands of my four mid-6-star Dou-Emperor teammates." Ling Yunyao He shook his head and told the truth.

"Then why don't we take a gamble. If my teammate wins against your teammate, what will you do?" Xiao Yan asked with a smile.

"Hehe, this gamble doesn't mean anything to me, so I refuse." Ling Yun was naturally not another woman with **** and no brains, so he refused directly.

"What if I add the three wooden tokens in my hand?" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, three wooden tokens suddenly appeared in his hand. These three wooden tokens are the keys to enter the three mountain ranges behind him!

Three wooden plaques, one is indispensable!

"What about your conditions?" Ling Yun naturally knew that Xiao Yan had to use such a huge handwriting, and he must have his backing, so he said.

"I don't ask much, tell me the secrets you know about these three major mountain ranges." Xiao Yan said lightly.

However, when Ling Yun heard the words, his expression suddenly became ugly!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I don't know what you're talking about." Ling Yun's eyes changed, and he spoke immediately.

But at this time, Ling Yun's mind was extremely chaotic. The entire Fenxiang Pavilion knew of some secrets in the three major mountain ranges. However, Ling Yun was definitely one of them, but he didn't know how Xiao Yan knew about this news. .

"Are you surprised?"

"But I'm a second-rank emperor pharmacist, so I can naturally see some secrets in you." Xiao Yan said.

"A second-rank emperor alchemist?" As soon as these words came out, let alone the four women behind Ling Yun who were about to launch an attack and even Mu Yingying were stunned.

When did Xiao Yan break through to the second-rank Emperor Rank Alchemist?

The medicinal herbs that can refine the first-grade emperor-rank Tiandixuan three-level pills can be reused in the Burning Incense Pavilion, not to mention such a young emperor-rank second-grade pharmacist!

"A pharmacist of the second rank of the emperor?" Ling Yun was shocked when he heard the words, and then his face was full of disbelief.

This refining pharmacist is like a phoenix feather and water chestnut. Even if it is a high-level plane like Dou Di Continent, pharmacists must start from the first rank refining pharmacist, and the tenth rank and above will be the first rank of the emperor.

With such a rare profession, alchemists who can achieve certain achievements are extremely rare.

"That's right." Xiao Yan stared at Ling Yun with a smile on the corner of his mouth.

Although Xiao Yan did not lie about the title of the second-rank pharmacist of the emperor rank, Xinyan told Xiao Yan that Lingyun knew some secrets in Luoling Mountain. If it wasn't for Xinyan, how would Xiao Yan know about this time? thing!

"Humph!"

"Stop pretending to be a ghost!"

"Give it to me!" Ling Yun snorted coldly, suppressing the extremely tyrannical shock in his body, and then opened his mouth.

As soon as the words fell, the four women beside Ling Yun and the four strong men beside Xiao Yan directly fought together!

Xiao Yan and Ling Yun looked at each other tensely, as if they would strike in an instant!

The real battle is about to unfold slowly at this time!

Ask for tickets!