Chapter 356: The land of weird herbs!

"This isolated island is really strange..."

"Actually, it can permeate this huge Xuanling Emperor Pond." Xiao Yan was talking to himself as he walked. As for his master, the Golden Dragon King, he turned into a soul force and stood on his shoulders.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The two walked for a few minutes, and they also found that their vision had become wider.

"What do you think that is?" The Golden Dragon King also seemed to have discovered something, pointing to a place not far in front of him.

"That is……"

"Wooden Dragon Beard..."

"Huo Yuteng..." Xiao Yan's mouth also blurted out the familiar names!

As a high-level pharmacist, the names of these precious medicinal materials have long been memorized in his heart, so Xiao Yan also said when he first saw those plants with different colors not far away.

"It is rich in so many precious medicinal materials, this is a rare treasure." The Golden Dragon King also laughed slowly.

The next moment, the Golden Dragon King's dragon pupil also slowly swept around, and after finding nothing, Xiao Yan also let Xiao Yan pass.

After entering from the stone tablet in the forbidden area, he also followed the road that spreads like a snake.

In the forbidden area, the smoke is surrounded, and the line of sight is greatly reduced.

However, as Xiao Yan got closer, he also found that the distance of several hundred meters from the path had disappeared without a trace, and there was only a large meadow!

On the grass, there is a medicinal material rich area with an area of ​​only a few meters.

"Get rich, get rich..." Xiao Yan was also muttering in his mouth, and then his hands were not idle. He took out precious utensils such as jade bottles and shovels, and then squatted down slowly, carefully identifying the person in front of him. A land of rich medicinal herbs.

"It seems a little weird here..." The Golden Dragon King also kept looking around and said slowly.

Even with the power of the Golden Dragon King at the half-immortal level, he could not perceive any difference in this isolated island, but the only certainty was that this isolated island was where the meteorite was located!

The reason why the Xuanling Emperor Pond has such a strange power is largely due to the power of this meteorite.

"Take it and go quickly."

"It is not advisable to stay here for a long time." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

"En." Xiao Yan also knew that this place was not a place to stay for a long time, so he immediately squatted down, then held the jade shovel in his hand, and gently walked towards the precious medicinal herbs in the medicinal herb field.

With a slight movement of the jade shovel in his hand, he went towards the root of a precious medicinal herb!

These medicinal herbs are hard to come by in the outside world, so stay a line, leave a trace of the root of this medicinal herb, so that it has the ability to breed another precious medicinal herb.

With a slight movement of the jade shovel in his hand, he also headed towards the root of a precious medicinal herb. The next moment, the medicinal herb also fell off. Then Xiao Yan was also quick-witted, and immediately took the excellent jade bottle and was about to put it up.

"Shabu Shabu!" At the next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and then he suddenly noticed the change!

"Bang bang bang!" The crisp voice echoed on this isolated island like broken glass.

The broken place was the moment Xiao Yan used the jade shovel to remove the medicinal material!

Xiao Yan is also quite helpless about this. For these precious medicinal materials, they can only be removed by using a good jade ware, but to take down the medicinal material and put it in a good jade bottle, otherwise it will have a great effect on the medicinal power of the medicinal material. big impact.

But Xiao Yan also didn't expect that he had just carefully removed the medicinal material, but for some reason, the instant the medicinal material just fell off, it turned into a powder!

This is something Xiao Yan has never heard of before!

"What a pity..." Xiao Yan also shook his head, and without hesitation, he moved towards another medicinal herb without hesitation.

The jade shovel in his hand moved slightly, and in the next moment, the medicinal material also fell off.

"Bang bang bang!" The same voice echoed in this space again, and then the medicinal material was also turned into powder, without even a trace of power.

"This..." At this moment, Xiao Yan also realized that something was wrong, he stopped immediately, and then slowly looked at the medicine field with an area of ​​several meters in front of him.

"The first time may be occasional, the second time is impossible..." Xiao Yan shook his head, and the next moment, there was a trace of hesitation in his eyes.

"This place should also be very close to the core of the island, so be careful." After thinking about it, the Golden Dragon King didn't find the problem, and immediately said solemnly.

"Damn." Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and then put away his fine jade items.

Since the medicine in front of you can't be taken away...

Before the combination, it was also discovered that any kind of plants on this isolated island are without a trace of power, and what supports their growth?

The energy in the sea water of the Xuanling Emperor Pond is so strong, this isolated island has absorbed a lot of power, how come the plants on it don't have any power...

Where do these powers go?

These secrets are obviously the secrets on this isolated island. Even Yuxuan knows very little about this forbidden island.

"What is that..." The next moment, Xiao Yan also raised his head suddenly, and then stared at the two light spots in front of him!

Those two spots of light were actually transformed from the two medicinal herbs that I just picked!

Xiao Yan was also puzzled at first, he didn't notice that the two herbs turned into powder after they were separated from the ground, and the next moment there was a faint light spot left. Now that he came back to his senses, he also found this light spot.

"This light spot doesn't have any power, but I can feel a faint suction coming out..."

"That feeling, it seems that something in the deepest place is calling it..." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

"Let's go!" The Golden Dragon King also discovered this light spot Immediately, the breath was slightly diffused, and then he slowly walked towards the empty land path.

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan didn't hesitate either, the huge milky white flames slowly surrounded his body, and then the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire was also slightly held in his hand!

If something is wrong, it will take action!

This is how Xiao Yan and the Golden Dragon King slowly walked towards the core area of ​​the forbidden area.

It's just that with the departure of the two, the original extremely empty field of medicinal herbs slowly disappeared, and even the road and every grass and tree by the road disappeared without a trace.

"Damn it!" Xiaoshou also snorted coldly, and then he couldn't control Da Fatty next to him. As soon as his breath emerged, Zaidu attacked the silver dragon!

"Hoohoho!" The terrifying silver dragon's roar also filled this space.

In addition to the Xuanling Emperor Pond, the two Xiaoshou brothers and sisters were also devastated by the silver dragon, which was comparable to the level of the seven-star Dou Di of human beings.

"Brother, this silver dragon is probably not something my two can deal with..." Da Fatty also had scars of varying degrees all over his body, and then said to Xiaoshou.

"If we can't do it, we have to do it, otherwise we will have only one end..." Xiaoshou also said it with difficulty. The next moment, he didn't hesitate, and attacked in Dudu.

At the peak of the Nine Fish Play Dragon Formation, a void also slowly and eerily wriggled, and then an extremely sinister voice said slowly, "It's really two wastes..."

Ask for tickets!