Chapter Vol 4 2187: Dou Qi, Dou Di, meet each other

One month later, at the top of a lofty mountain range on the edge of Yuanhai Continent, the guy who was chasing Xiao Yan had given up. Although he was angry, he could only do it because of Xiao Yan's flexible avoidance.

"This guy has a very strange aura, and it sounds like it's from the Moon Palace?"

"Forget it, I finally got rid of this guy now."

"Now that Fen Jue has stepped into the first realm, plus all kinds of power, it seems that the time to step into the reincarnation must be accelerated."

Xiao Yan sat on top of a bluestone, and a luxurious golden scroll appeared on the palm of his hand, causing the void in front of him to erupt with an extremely terrifying space force.

Space Teleportation Scroll!

This is a good thing made by the reincarnation powerhouse of the endless fire domain. It can carry out short-distance space-time transmission, but the disadvantage is that it must have spatial coordinates.

Today's Xiao Yan can only rely on this kind of thing, from the ghost world and other places back to the Dou Di Continent, and cannot use it from the Dou Di Continent, it is one-way.

"Pfft!"

It is easy to jump into it, and the return journey is only a few hours.

Dou Di Continent.

In the Dou Di Continent, the Holy See war and the battles of the evil clans outside the Dou Qi Continent have caused great movement, which has also created the Dou Di Continent's current momentum. Behind it, countless new forces appear to be prosperous.

Under such long-lost voices, the strength of Doudi Continent increased exponentially. Even because of the extraordinary name of the sect master Xiao Yan, some strong men from other continents also came to seek refuge. After all, this is an identity that many eight-star and reincarnation powerhouses have to respect, and it is still so young, and the future achievements are limitless.

The sudden rise of a behemoth is naturally coveted by other planes, the endless fire domain, and the current situation is like this.

The Endless Fire Territory is different from the Holy See, because the Holy See had the Pope in the seat at the beginning, the super strength and the huge background of the kingdom of angels were both blessings, so that the superpowers on other continents even if they were eyeing them, did not dare to make the slightest move. But now it's different.

The new strength of the Endless Fire Territory, both in terms of background and combat power, is far inferior to the Holy See. On the bright side, there is no great power behind the Endless Fire Territory, and some continent powerhouses can't help but have feelings for this fertile continent. After thinking about it, he was just around the corner, quite like a storm was coming.

Although they are afraid of Soul Eater Realm, Demon Realm and other places, but those rumors are compared with this continent, and many mainland powerhouses still choose to believe the latter. After all, if the rumors are not seen with their own eyes, they are probably just rumors.

In the four continents of Doudi Continent, countless sect forces have been united under the tyrannical manipulation of the three women, and all the sects and powerhouses with unknown identities or evil intentions have been driven out. The true master of Doudi Continent.

Many high-level officials in the Endless Fire Territory are aware of this situation, so the reincarnations of the ancient races are not in retreat, and they show up from time to time, shocking the prying eyes of other continents.

Three days later, Xiao Yan successfully brought back the core of the plane, and then handed it over to Feng Wan'er and a few reincarnations. They have already started to upgrade the plane of Dou Qi Continent.

On the other hand, he found a secluded mountain retreat, and carefully understood the power of Fen Jue's first realm and the power of the lower body.

"Huhu."

On the quiet mountain peak, Xiao Yan sat on top of a basin, leisurely spitting out a trace of blue mist.

The azure mist was like a wisp of pure energy liquid, swept into Xiao Yan's body, and immediately the azure dragon scales on his skin were looming, and the power contained in them was fascinating.

"The power of Fen Jue's first realm is truly extraordinary."

"After the application, the foundation is more stable, and because of the foundation, the body becomes extremely fearful, and the power of the holy flame has evaporated to the peak, and a very mysterious flame cauldron is vaguely formed in front of the chest. He has an unprecedented increase in volatility, and I am afraid that it will not be a problem to cope with the eight-star consummation."

"Then the power of dragon transformation under Houba is also extremely fierce. I am afraid that I am able to face some worthy of entering the cycle of reincarnation, or some weak first-level orders."

Xiao Yan thought about it in his heart, the traces of amber flames and the cyan dragon shadow intertwined with each other, slowly flowing over his body.

However, Xiao Yan was still a little disappointed. After all, the water attribute has not been completely controlled, and now he is nothing but a wood thunder fire.

"Diyan Ring."

Zaidu murmured softly, and suddenly Xiao Yan's palm was burning with extremely bright holy flames, burning the Emperor Yan Ring.

Since Fen Jue has already surfaced, the secret of this Emperor Yan Ring is probably not far from being solved.

"Wong buzzing!"

The Emperor Flame Ring was burned, and it actually made a very pleasant sound, and immediately a pale yellow sheepskin scroll emerged.

"Fire attribute scroll?"

"Wait... the middle-level immortal art?"

Xiao Yan couldn't help but become surprised when he saw the appearance of this scroll.

"Whoa!"

Immediately, the clan lines on Xiao Yan's eyebrows also burst into a scorching aura, which immediately echoed with the Emperor Yan Ring.

"I'm afraid this thing has something to do with our disappearing Xiao clan and the predecessors of Tuoshe Gudi."

Putting away the fire attribute scroll, Xiao Yan couldn't help clenching his fists.

"Back then, after Senior Xiao Xuan was resurrected, he disappeared..."

"Besides that, there are the Ten Temples of Yama. It is said that they are going to restore their power."

"Wait for me."

Xiao Yan murmured, looking forward to the great world that only the strongest can set foot in.

Reincarnation!

Only when one's own strength steps into reincarnation can he be qualified to touch these things. This is what Xiao Yan is most worried about right now.

"This guy, he's calmed down a lot these days."

Not far from the mountain peak, two shadows appeared here. Seeing Xiao Yan's quiet appearance, Mu Yingying spoke first.

"Let's go."

"First tell him about the current endless fire domain and then make plans."

Xun'er smiled sweetly, and then swept over together.

"My two madams, why are you looking for me?"

"Do you miss being a husband?"

Xiao Yan got up, the worry on his face was instantly swept away, and he looked at Mu Yingying and Xun'er with a smile.

"You, think beautifully."

Mu Yingying laughed playfully.

"Brother Xiao Yan, the Endless Fire Territory is now on the right track. It's only a matter of time before the Dou Qi Continent plane is upgraded. After the upgrade is complete, the Dou Qi Continent can continue to practice."

Xun'er explained these things to the two of them one by one, looking like she was content.

Xiao Yan and the two daughters were chatting leisurely on the mountain peaks, but after a while, a splendid light of color came out from the headquarters of Endless Fire Territory.

"The signal from Sister Cailin?"

Mu Yingying was quite surprised when she looked at the aura of colorful scales spreading out from the sky in the distance.

Now the Endless Fire Territory is impregnable, and there are no evil races from outside the territory. Why is this?

"Let's go, Sister Cailin may have made a major discovery, let's go back."

Speaking of which, the three of them stepped into the air and returned to the Endless Fire Territory.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: