Chapter Vol 4 1048: shock!

"Do not……"

"Impossible..." The Gorefiend was hit so hard at this time, and an incredible look flashed in his pupils!

"Die!" The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth cracked open, and a wave of death radiated directly.

"Crash!" With Xiao Yan's increasing attack, the two Saint Flame Crystals on the left and right hands burst out with dazzling power, directly wrapping the Blood Demon Envoy to Tuantuan!

"Ah, ah, ah!" The next moment, the blood demon envoy felt a force of destruction from the heart directly from the two different-colored holy flames, and the heart-piercing screams were heard incessantly.

"Susu..." In just a few breaths, the body of the Gorefiend, even the blood-colored aura, was directly baked by the power of the two holy flame crystals, the Fire Heart Tianyan and the Ghost Face Soul Flame. For nothingness!

"Pfft..." The Gorefiend made half of his power completely wiped out, and the two Saint Flame Crystals on Xiao Yan's body also quieted down. As for the attack in the sky, it slowly dissipated.

The next moment, Xiao Yan was like a bird frightened, flying upside down from the sky to the ground.

"Damn..."

"Seven feet to break the sky, it's still a bit too reluctant, but fortunately it succeeded." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and then no matter what happened inside his body, his eyelids were extremely heavy, and he closed his eyes directly.

The reason why Xiao Yan was able to display the seven-foot-shattering sky just now was on the one hand with the power of the Soul Devouring Talisman, and on the other with the power of the Ghost-faced Soul Flame Saint Yanjing, otherwise Xiao Yan's current strength would not be able to fully display it seven feet out.

And after destroying half of the Gorefiend's power, Yin Tong's eyes also flickered with a hint of relief, and then the blue ghost-faced Soul Flame Saint Yanjing did not return to his body, but stayed on Xiao Yan's body.

"You succeeded." Just as Xiao Yan was in free fall, a figure of a beautiful figure burst out, and then slowly dragged Xiao Yan, a gentle voice resounded beside Xiao Yan.

"Don't be afraid... I will save him." Xiao Yan's body was too weak, so he didn't open his eyes, but he didn't need to think to know that it was Mu Yingying.

"Yep."

"Wait for your reply, we will leave here." Mu Yingying hugged Xiao Yan gently, the power of blue holy flames on her body continued to gather towards him, repairing the injured body.

"Fenxiang Pavilion this time, there is an amazing guy..." The other super sects were shocked when they saw this apocalyptic battle being resolved so easily by the young man in front of them.

And as the scene of the blood river fell, the outside world was also surging.

The headquarters of the Xuanling Royal Family.

"Bang bang bang!" A series of soul cards in the worship hall burst open in an instant, and the pupils of the guarding old man suddenly opened, and a wave of fear poured into his heart.

"Our disciples of the Xuanling royal family...the whole army was wiped out?" The old man's pupils were filled with an unbelievable taste.

This time, the guys in the leadership of the Xuanling royal family are from the four heavens. The strength of those four people is so strong that even some elders can surpass them.

"This matter must be told to King Xuanling as soon as possible!" The old man pondered for a while, and then walked directly towards the Xuanling Palace.

"Bang bang bang!" King Xuanling, who was resting with his eyes closed in the Xuanling Palace, suddenly made a chewing sound.

"King Xuanling...what are you doing?" But the gorefiend who was awakened by the chewing sound floated directly out of his source power and shouted angrily at King Xuanling.

"Blood Demon... Now, do you still lie to me?"

"Don't think I don't know, the evil race from outside the territory can come to our Xuantian Santian."

"The reason why you refused to come is nothing but your own problem."

"Originally, I contacted you to let you come to Xuan Santian to help me unify this place, but I miscalculated."

"Rather than letting others rule, it's better to be comfortable yourself... And your current state is not too bad, right?" King Xuanling's evil voice slowly emanated.

"King Xuanling, what do you mean!" Hearing the words, the source power of the Gorefiend also vaguely realized that something was wrong, and immediately said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The reason why you are so heartbroken, there should be something from you there."

"Although what you did was very covert, I still found out."

"Now you only have the source power of half of the power of the Gorefiend, and the other half of your power is suppressed in the Bloody River Suppression." King Xuanling said with a smile.

"You!" Hearing the words of the source power, the Gorefiend was startled and hurriedly fled.

Because the other half of himself was completely wiped out just now, although he was surprised, he really felt it, and now he is extremely weak at this time.

"Don't worry, what you want to do is also what I want to do."

"Although the price of this sect competition is quite high, it's not too much of a loss to have you as compensation." King Xuanling smiled slightly, then opened his **** mouth, and directly swallowed the Gorefiend in.

"No..." Seeing the power of the source, the Gorefiend found that there were circles of black evil runes emerging from King Xuanling's body. If he was swallowed by such power, I'm afraid he would completely become the nourishment of King Xuanling...

"Pfft." The Xuanling King naturally ignored these things and swallowed them directly. At this time, the power in his body was also skyrocketing in an instant. As for the source power of the Gorefiend, it was completely integrated in his body. !

"Gore fiend, you've counted everything, but you haven't counted your own fate in the end."

"From now on, I will help you expand the power of your blood demon clan." King Xuanling felt that the power in his body had vaguely reached the perfection of one-star fighting ~ couldn't help it. laughed.

"Dong dong dong!" In the next moment, there was a knock on the door.

"Come in." King Xuanling said solemnly.

"My king..."

"Our Xuanling royal family disciples were in the sect competition...the whole army was wiped out..."

"The soul cards are all broken." The old man who just guarded the soul cards said respectfully.

"It's interesting now..."

"Although the losses were heavy, if they were not completely wiped out, I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to devour the Gorefiend so easily..." King Xuanling smiled disapprovingly.

"My king..." The old man seemed to be unaware that King Xuanling's smile was of all kinds, so he wondered.

"My disciples of the Xuanling royal family are not so easy to kill. According to my guess, this is probably related to the Burning Incense Pavilion."

"Take that guy to Blood River Town."

"This time, at all costs, I must bring that kid Xiao Yan back to me!" King Xuanling shouted angrily, his pupils filled with killing intent!

This kid Xiao Yan is undoubtedly the most annoying to King Xuanling. Not only did he destroy his good deeds several times, but he even killed his most important prince, and now he has completely killed all the disciples of Emperor Xuanling in the sect competition. Hatred, not too big.

"Yes!" The old man nodded happily upon hearing this. He naturally knew that that guy had witnessed all the scenes where the Third Prince Xuanmu was killed!

.. m.