Chapter 477: The 8 leaders of Medusa have gathered!

"嘁偁嘁!" The colorful swallowing python fell off the wall of the Bai Ze Temple abruptly!

Then it was full of life, like a living creature!

That tens of meters of body just broke away from the shackles of the wall, and grew rapidly!

In the next moment, it actually increased to nearly a few hundred meters in length!

At this time, the space protecting the Temple of Medusa was completely destroyed by the huge body of the Seven-Colored Sky Swallowing Python!

Above the desert, a huge gap emerged!

Under the gap, King Xuanling's group and Shefu's group were in a tense confrontation.

"Xiao Yan?"

"What's wrong?" In a dark desert opposite the Temple of Medusa.

This is the outskirts of the desert area full of countless legends.

The sand here is different from that in the desert of death.

It was Mu Yingying who spoke. She received a lot of care from Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi along the way, which made Mu Yingying blushed.

"What is that?" Xiao Yan's huge soul power had already sensed some other powers, but because the distance was too far, Xiao Yan didn't pay too much attention!

However, at this time, a huge creature suddenly appeared several kilometers away from Xiao Yan and the others, making Xiao Yan feel a sense of trepidation!

"That's..." Xiao Yi on the side murmured slightly, but what those eyes just saw were just a few huge three-colored bodies with green, yellow and green!

Each of these three or three bodies of green, yellow and green is hundreds of meters in size!

Every color brought great pressure to Xiao Yan and the others!

There is even a faint wave of death permeating my heart.

"damn it……"

"This should be the ancient alien beast in the Medusa family, the swallowing python." Tang Tang opened his mouth slightly, and then said angrily.

"Someone should have come to challenge the pressure of the Medusa family, and even this kind of guardian beast was summoned." Tang Tang said after calming down.

"Captain, what should we do now?" The man with a scar on the side said slowly.

"Now..."

"Why don't you step into the muddy water in the past?" After Tang Tang finished speaking, she stared at Xiao Yan with a fiery look, with a hint of questioning.

"Treading muddy water?"

Hearing this, Xiao Yan frowned. It was obvious that the huge creature just now had no strength that he, a small five-star Dou Emperor early stage person, could resist.

"The strength of this swallowing python is the worst and stronger than you, the head of the regiment. Will we pass by like this?" Lone Wolf on the side said after thinking.

"I know, but now it's the enemy and we are dark, so it's good for us."

"Besides, there are people attacking the Medusa family now. I'm afraid it is extremely unwise for us to go to the desert area at this time." Tang Tang's analysis is straightforward.

"That's right. If you want me to enter the desert area at this time, I will be the first to disapprove."

"That thing in the desert area is too precious, we should wait until the battle of the Medusa clan is over, or we are sneaking in quietly." The coyote said.

"What is there in this desert area that can make these people so jealous?" Xiao Yan turned his forehead slightly, staring at the desert area that was so close at hand.

In the desert area at this time, the sand is all gray, as if it contains other energies. In the deeper part, there seems to be some extremely obscure aura.

"Then let's go, this place is full of crises, let's wait and see."

"Otherwise, if we enter the desert area now, it will be more fortunate than fortune." Lone Wolf said, with a rare solemnity in his voice.

"Go!" After everyone thought about it, they left the entrance of the desert area and headed towards the naked temple!

"That's... Xuanling King?" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, what breakthrough came to his realization!

Then his eyes rolled quickly, and a dark figure wrapped in a strange black grudge appeared beside Xuanling King!

This person is the mysterious demon who intercepted Xiao Yan and the others in the Nine Fish Playing Dragon Formation!

An eight-star Dou Di Perfection level powerhouse!

"Humph!"

"This time, I will definitely let you pay back all your previous hatred!" Xiao Yan murmured in his heart, with a fierce light in his eyes, and whispered to the mysterious demon in the sky.

Mu Yingying seemed to have noticed Xiao Yan's strangeness, and immediately gave him her attention.

"It's alright." Xiao Yan calmed down the anger in his body, and then he was relieved.

"Let's go, let's see what's going on between the Xuanling royal family and the Medusa family." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his aura soared, and then a huge soul force covered everyone!

When everyone saw this, they glanced at each other slightly, and then walked in the direction of the temple!

A huge gap exposed in the desert.

Under the gap, the location of the temple slowly appeared. Besides, there were many strong people in this huge gap!

"damn it!"

"This colorful swallowing python is actually real?" King Xuanling's heart sank, and he immediately became vigilant.

Seven-colored swallowing python, this is an ancient alien beast that is comparable to some of the peak Dou Di peak powerhouses. It is far from being a strong Dou Di who can handle it alone. At this moment, Xuanling King feels a lot of pressure.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Humph!"

"Qin Tian, ​​I don't know how you will get out of trouble this time!"

"When the leaders of the nine major tribes of Medusa gather together, it will be the day of your destruction!"

"This time, you will be in the desert of death forever!" Shefu held a snake-headed crutch and said arrogantly!

"嘁偁嘁!" The seven-colored swallowing python just appeared, the figure was a strange movement, and then came directly to Qingyan's side, looking like a flattering.

"Hello." Seeing this, Qingyan was not afraid, but a strange color flashed in one of his pupils, and then a strange light appeared around Qingyan.

After this strange light appeared, the colorful swallowing python seemed to like Qingyan quite a bit let Qingyan gently stroke his forehead.

"Big Snake, hit them!" Qingyan's lips moved slightly, and then said to the Seven Colors Swallowing Heaven Python.

As soon as the voice fell, the seven-colored swallowing python changed its weak aura before, and its aura suddenly soared, and then a peak of Dou Emperor, the strength of the nine-turn nine-star Dou Emperor showed!

"A half-immortal, a nine-rank nine-star Dou emperor, a first-rank nine-star Dou emperor, and a fifth-rank nine-star Dou emperor, it's so tricky." Seeing this, King Xuanling muttered to himself. The huge lineup of the human race, even their luxurious lineup, can't help but struggle a little!

"Don't wait any longer!"

"Go!"

"Uncle Huang, I'll leave this snake to you!"

"As for this colorful swallowing python, Ye Mo, Xuan Ming and I will deal with it, and the others will do their best to deal with the blue-and-white snake and the green snake!" King Xuanling analyzed in a logical way.

"It's exactly what I want!" Shefu heard the words, and on his wrinkled face, there was a burst of fiery enthusiasm!

"Since that's the case, let's show you the strength of the real Medusa family!"

"Medusa's dignity is unquestionable!" After Shefu finished speaking, a shocking breath emerged instantly!

Following Shefu's shot, the seven-colored swallowing pythons and the blue-and-white snakes on the side did not stop. They directly stimulated the fighting spirit in their bodies, and then looked at the Xuanling King and everyone in front of them coldly.

Ask for tickets!

Three shifts today