Chapter Vol 4 1419: Tianming Mountains!

"Crash." The brutal sound of running water emerged, and the purgatory formation was withdrawn by Xiao Yan. Xiao Yan's figure just now emerged on the sea water.

"Xiao Yan, are you alright?"

"Where's that guy?" Seeing Xiao Yan appearing safely, Yun Qi asked anxiously.

"Run." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly and said, if it wasn't for the last moment when the voice emerged, Xiao Yan would have enough conceit to arrest him.

"Forget it, since we ran away, let's go to Tianming Villa first." Yun Qi and several others also said.

"By the way, when I was fighting with them just now, did you hear any strange noises?" Xiao Yan still had some doubts about this and asked.

"Strange sound?"

"No, you and them entered the different space, we are calm here, nothing happened." Yun Qiwu looked at Xiao Yan's suspicious look, and said very sincerely.

"Forget it, let's go." After speaking, he also returned to the boat and headed towards Tianming Villa.

"That thing just now..." As the battle was resolved, Du Tianhong and Du Qifei also returned to normal, but Du Tianhong was still brooding.

The voice just now, I am afraid that apart from Xiao Yan, this group of people heard it by themselves. It is clearly transmitted from the bottom of the sea, and according to the induction, it is probably tens of thousands of meters below the sea.

The sea area is no better than other places. A few thousand meters is a restricted area for human beings. The interval of tens of thousands of meters is probably as strong as Du Tianhong without any measures.

"There are a lot of strong people in the Hidden Soul Society, and Tianming Villa does not care about it."

"I hope I think too much." After speaking, he also covered everyone and headed towards Tianming Mountain Villa.

At the same time, the thin man who had just dissipated was in the sea water, riding a soul-eating whale and heading towards the bottom, but his heart was terrified. The reason was the strange voice just now.

"Put bang bang." After a while, it landed to a certain level, and a human suddenly appeared.

"Baihun...I didn't expect you to fail this time." One of the women with a thin face and yellow skin said, her voice full of irony.

Bai Hun is the man who just fought Xiao Yan.

"Leng Yan, you should ignore my business, otherwise..." Bai Hun snorted coldly.

"You should have heard the roar just now..."

"My lord is looking for you for something." Leng Yan continued.

"Let's go." The next moment, White Soul took the Soul Eating Whale directly towards the depths of the sea.

"That lord has been quiet for hundreds of years, why is this suddenly happening today..."

"That lord is a guy that even lord Haishou fears, I hope this guy is okay..."

"But this time, the powerhouses that our Hidden Soul Society sent to kill all came back empty-handed. It seems that the powerhouses who participated in the Four Continents Competition seems to be the most grand one in history..." After Leng Yan finished speaking, he also rode A soul-eating whale, going everywhere.

At the same time, without the obstruction of the Hidden Soul Society, everyone easily broke through the sea of ​​dust and came to the periphery of Tianming Villa.

The sea of ​​​​dust was huge, but the huge mountain range that appeared in Xiao Yan's eyes at this time was also huge to the sky, the rolling forest vegetation, the sound of a soul beast, and the rich energy of heaven and earth, all of which were ferocious. Here are the four continents. The core intestine belt of the competition, the Tianming Mountains!

"Crash." The boat that everyone was riding on was already ragged at this time, but fortunately, they still arrived at Tianming Villa in the end.

"Is this the Tianming Villa..." Just after getting off the boat, Xiao Yan's pupils looked around in a circle, creating an impressive creation. The layout of the Tianming Villa is probably more than several times larger than that of the Forge Thunder Valley.

"Are you shocked?"

"Don't worry, the things that will surprise you are still to come." Duo Tianhong also laughed at this time.

"Let's go, look for someone first." In an instant, Duan Qifei also leaned over and said.

"Let's go." Everyone nodded, then counted the number of people, and after confirming that it was correct, they set foot in the mountains.

Tianming Mountain Villa is located in the Tianming Mountains.

The Tianming Mountains are a rare treasure in all the Yinhuntians. The Tianming Mountains are vast, and the energy of the heavens and the earth is sufficient. The most important thing is that this is the residence of the Lord of the Hidden Souls.

The master of the plane, this is the strongest person who controls a plane, but the origin of the master of the plane is quite harsh, only the upper plane can be born, similar to the lower plane of Dou Qi Continent, it will not have.

"Guru." With a sound, everyone started to move, but Xiao Yan created it. At this time, the Tianming Mountain Range was surrounded by a sea of ​​dust, and its appearance was like a sphere. At this time, Xiao Yan was Everyone is stepping on the ground and heading towards the top of the mountain.

Because Tianming Mountain Villa stands on the top of Tianming Mountains.

"Everyone...but the people who participated in the Four Continents Competition." Not long after Xiao Yan and the others left, a team of dozens of people suddenly appeared, and then they became warm and hospitable to Xiao Yan and the others. .

These dozens of people are dressed in simple clothes, and the strength of the leader is only among the four-star Fighting Immortals, but Xiao Yan is a surprising creation. Among them, there is a woman who is seriously injured. The woman is unconscious and seems to be suffering. Very serious injuries in general.

"We..." Duo Qifei had just moved forward to prepare to speak, but was directly pushed down by Du Tianhong.

"Yes, we are a small power above Beizhou. We came here this time to observe the grandness of the competition in the four continents." After a while, Duo Tianhong grinned and smiled at the group of people in front of him. It was the palm of the back who was madly sending a signal to Xiao Yan and the others.

"This guy..." Dozens of people above Dongzhou naturally sensed this scene and felt ridiculous, but they also cooperated with Duan Tianhong.

"Is it Beizhou?"

"We also happen to be from Beizhou, why don't we go together." After a while, the middle-aged man headed by the dozens of people laughed, and there was a boldness in his voice.

"If that's the case, then it's better to be respectful than to obey." Duo Tianhong also laughed.

"Forging Valley Master, what are you doing..." Xiao Yan and everyone were puzzled.

"Hey...you don't know something."

"Yinhuntian's four continents competition, all powers can participate."

"Except for the overlords on the East Continent, the other three continents did not set up competitions to screen disciples. Since they did not pay attention to it, they all went to their own places. Only the top of the East Continent was due to forging knives. Thunder Valley's submissive status, so Duo Tianhong's authority is full of responses."

"Therefore, we set up competitions and screened the strong to participate, so as to save unnecessary trouble, and secondly, we can increase the odds of winning..."

"By the way, there is one more point, not all the powerhouses on the four continents of Yinhuntian know each other, except for the four overlords who rule over the four continents, who are similar to the leader of this small power, I don't know Du Tianhong." Soul Eater's voice sounded slowly.

"Originally, there is still this kind of ambiguity." Xiao Yan nodded immediately after hearing this.

"There is still a lot of distance between the top of the mountain range. It seems that there are still many levels to enter this Tianming Villa." After a while, Xiao's brutal soul force suddenly spread out, but it was a surprising creation, even if it was a Xiao Yan's current soul strength is not able to give an unobstructed view of the Tianming Mountains, and even here, there is still a considerable gap between the top of the Tianming Mountains. The latest chapter of the novel Fight Breaks the Sky God's Yan Emperor Chapter 1419 Chapter Tianming Mountains Chapter! URL: https://