Chapter 289: The layout of Xuan 3 days, 9 mountains and 1 city!

Xuantian San, a building located on the most fertile land in Xuanling Continent.

Here, there are countless capable people and strange people and treasures from heaven and earth, and it is the iconic place of Xuanling Continent.

It seems that countless powerhouses are born every day, and many sects are born or destroyed, but without exception, the status of these nine super sects has not been shaken for nearly a thousand years.

The nine super sects have always been deeply rooted in the nine mountains like Optimus Prime.

No matter how talented people appear, they can't shake the status of the nine super sects in the slightest. After all, the nine super sects have been standing in Xuantian for nearly a thousand years, and their respective backgrounds are also very terrifying, far from some Nobodies are comparable.

Within three days of Xuan, the pattern was also very clear.

In general, it is nine mountains and one city.

Nine Mountains is naturally the mountain range with the strongest emperor energy in the Xuantian three days. All nine super sects have used special means to protect them, so that the great powers of their respective sects have established sects in the mountains, and this was born. There are now nine super sects.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The places where the nine super sects are located are all on the top of the nine mountains with the most powerful emperor qi. They are looking for fighting qi. For the strong fighting emperor, it can already be regarded as the brilliance of the firefly. As for this emperor qi, it is really suitable. The power absorbed by the Dou Di strong!

But having said that, it is unknown whether cultivating in it can increase the speed of the cultivator...

However, it is also a basis and manifestation of the strength of the nine super sects.

The nine mountains are Huashan, Taishan, Songshan, Hanshan, Tianshan, Wanhuashan, Danshan, Yinshan and Duanshan!

"The Burning Incense Pavilion is located deep above Mount Hua. Mount Hua is the top of the Nine Mountains. The Emperor Qi is also extremely strong, and it can also be ranked first among the Nine Mountains."

"It's just that I don't know why, the emperor's qi in Mount Neihua has declined extremely in the past 100 years, and now it has become the tail of the Nine Mountains..."

"However, although it is the tail of the Nine Mountains, it is much richer than the Emperor Qi of other places in Xuan Santian, so there are many disciples who have joined the Burning Incense Pavilion."

"It is rumored that there are rock-solid stones everywhere in Huashan. The stones contain a lot of fire attribute energy. After absorbing it, it will have a lot of benefits for my body. Therefore, this is a problem for the burning incense pavilion. It is also a good news for the disciples of the Lord, after all, these stones seem to be naturally able to absorb fire attribute energy for storage.”

"Wanhua Pavilion is located in the Wanhua Mountain. This is the most beautiful mountain range among the nine mountains. It is a mountain range that is very suitable for girls.

"Among the Wanhua Mountains, the countless flowers and huge rivers are the most famous, but the seemingly beautiful flowers may also contain highly poisonous poisons. Just like human beings, not every gentleman can write on his face, but Rely on yourself to find out.”

"When it comes to rivers, the women of Wanhua Pavilion are all very good in water. After all, they live in a water town, and it is rumored that the base camp of Wanhua Pavilion is built in a spring with the most beautiful scenery in Wanhua Mountain."

"What's more, there are rumors that not only the scenery in Wanhua Mountain is extremely beautiful, but even the disciples in Wanhua Pavilion are all beautiful.

"The Ancient Desolate Hall is located in the Songshan Mountain."

"The Ancient Desolate Hall is mainly based on body-refining techniques, so every day you can see its sect disciples going back and forth between the top of the mountain and the foot of the mountain. It is called for exercise, and only their own people know what the purpose is. already."

"Purgatory Hall, for this sect that is highly praised for dealing with demons and ghosts, it is also located on the top of Hanshan."

"Hanshan, a mysterious mountain range surrounded by clouds and smoke all day long, but some insiders know that there seem to be very few people left behind in this sect. After all, the cultivation method of this sect is quite special, and they don't seem to be going out. Hunting and killing creatures from the demon world or the ghost world."

"However, every time Purgatory Hall kills a powerful opponent in the Demon and Ghost Realm, it will announce it to the world, so it has won praises from countless people over the years."

"Solomon, very few people know anything about this rather mysterious sect. They only know that it is located above Yin Mountain."

"Yin Mountain, a mountain range that is not peaceful, once someone steps into it, there will be a bizarre disappearance. Solomon is also under pressure, and he has dispatched a lot of strength to search for it, but to no avail. They are also quite helpless, after all. They disappeared in their own sect, and it is not easy to shirk responsibility."

"This also made Solomon's reputation not very good. After all, how could he disappear for no reason?"

"Even if someone else broke in by mistake, it wouldn't kill him. The most important thing is to remind him. So other sects are also wary of Solomon. After all, if this kind of thing is not tricky, no one will believe it."

"The puppet mansion is located on the top of Mount Tai. The people of the puppet mansion are quite unique in fighting. They do not use fighting qi, but use fighting qi or some special power to control the puppets to fight, so they are called possessing the power of supernatural craftsmanship. Not too much."

"Taishan is a mountain range with majestic peaks. This is the place with the highest altitude and the widest sight. At the top of Mount Tai, the entire Xuantian Santian can be seen."

"Dan Valley, located in Dan Mountain, is the most peculiar mountain among the nine mountains."

"Danshan doesn't know because of some inexplicable power, the quality of the medicinal materials grown here will be better than anywhere else, and the maturity time will be greatly shortened. Countless people in Dan Valley have not discovered the secret, but Danshan has always been a A holy place in the hearts of Dangu people."

"After all, most of the Pill Valleys are pharmacists. No matter how powerful you are in refining medicine, it would be quite helpless if UUkanshu www.uukanshu.com did not have medicinal materials. That's why it is difficult for a clever woman to cook without rice."

"The Palace of Heartfelt Love is located in Broken Mountain."

"Broken Mountain, Broken Mountain, the so-called Broken Mountain actually came from a place in the mountain range called Wangduan Cliff. Those who join the Palace of Heartfelt Love must cut off the seven emotions and six desires."

"If you don't cut off your emotions and desires, you won't be able to jump off the cliff of forgetfulness."

"The Forgotten Cliff is divided into two parts from the top of the Broken Mountain. If you don't jump over it, then the terrifying abyss is also..."

"Wanjianmen is located in the Tianshan Mountains."

"Tianshan is an extremely huge metal mountain, which is why Wanjianmen has been the leader of the nine super sects for a long time. After all, the supreme sword is intended to cooperate with the well-known magic weapon, and the strength of this Wanjianmen is well-deserved. number one."

"And the so-called one city, naturally, the Xuanling royal family invested a lot of manpower and material resources in order to prevent the invasion of the Medusa family, and built a black Great Wall that stretches for hundreds of miles!"

"Just to defend against the **** Medusa family!"

The grievances between the Xuanling royal family and Medusa have also continued for many generations, so that now, whether it is the Xuanling royal family or the Medusa lineage, they are regarded as thorns in the eyes!

Ask for a monthly pass!

Ask for tickets!

Here, I dedicate a chapter to introducing Nine Mountains and One City to pave the way for the future, and it will definitely not be for everyone!

There is a big connection between nine mountains and one city.