Chapter 534: Does that solve it?

"Human, no matter what, today is also a mortal situation. If you are willing to sacrifice your body, this will probably consider to spare your life..."

"If you join our blood demon clan, you will be immortal, how about that?" Seeing that Xiao Yan had not moved, the blood demon general did not think that this human was too frightened to move, but he was wary of this human being. , so Wei Wei said.

"Oh?"

"The Gorefiends...it doesn't seem to have much interest." Xiao Yan said calmly.

"Susu, don't know what's good or bad...otherwise." Seeing that the Gorefiend was unable to coerce and lure him, his voice suddenly increased.

"Let's do it, it just so happens that I want to meet the legendary alien race." Xiao Yan was covered in flames, like a darling in the fire.

"Humph!"

"Then you can die!" Gorefiend suddenly drank it!

The reason why the Gorefiend didn't attack immediately was because Xiao Yan's attack contained flames just now, although the flames did not cause much substantial damage to it!

But that flame awakened the fear in its body!

The Gorefiend will clearly remember that there is an extremely terrifying flame in this desert mountain range...

If the flames were touched by oneself, I am afraid it would disappear in an instant!

That's why you are polite to Xiao Yan.

"Let's do it." Xiao Yan said nonchalantly, then raised his palm slightly, and a dazzling twenty-three-color strange fire burst out suddenly!

"Shabu!" With a sound, the flame beam shot directly at the Gorefiend and blasted away!

"Tips for carving insects!" The Gorefiend said disdainfully, and then the black energy around his body wriggled strangely, like a pool of extremely scarlet blood, extremely strange!

"Susu..." The terrifying black energy directly devoured Xiao Yan's flame beam, and then the volume swelled, and it was only one meter away from Xiao Yan.

"As expected of a blood demon general." Xiao Yan murmured in a low voice. Although he learned from his master Jin Longwang and Long Yi that the power of this extraterritorial evil clan is extraordinary, but now after the real insight, I know that this extraterritorial evil clan really is Very difficult!

"Boy, let you taste the pain of this evil body forging... rustling." A gloomy voice came from the Gorefiend's mouth, like the death of the **** of death, and it was particularly harsh in Xiao Yan's mind.

"Alas, it really is the absolute difference in strength..." Xiao Yan sighed slowly.

Although his own flames containing twenty-three kinds of different fires have very little suppression on this extraterritorial evil clan, it is real and effective, but because Xiao Yan's strength is too different from that of the blood demon general, it is not reflected. come out.

"Go to hell!" The Gorefiend shouted loudly, and then the speed of the strange black energy skyrocketed, shooting towards Xiao Yan who was one meter away!

If attacked by such a terrifying evil force, I am afraid it will be a snake punishment, and without any precautions, it is enough to make it impossible to eat!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boy, you can't fall like this." Seeing this, Snake Punishment couldn't do anything. Now, he can only continue to maintain the seal barrier and isolate the blood demon general's retreat.

"Isn't it too early to be happy?" Xiao Yan finished speaking, but the corners of his mouth laughed strangely. The next moment, the yang and just flames on Xiao Yan's body suddenly disappeared, and it was replaced by a stream of blood demons. The strange aura of the same evil power!

That breath, like an abyss demon, is frightening!

"Damn it!" The Gorefiend drank abruptly, and then the huge evil power directly submerged into Xiao Yan's body!

It's just that this evil force did not cause any damage. After submerging into Xiao Yan's body, it slowly moved towards the palm of his hand!

"How is that possible!" The Gorefiend was shocked!

The evil power on its body, but the one who gave it to him, was able to deal with these seven-star and eight-star fighting emperors. How could it be so easily absorbed by humans with the strength of these five-star fighting emperors?

You must know that this is the power of evil. If ordinary people get a little bit of it, I am afraid it will be very troublesome in the future, not to mention that Xiao Yan has absorbed so much!

This is extremely appalling!

At least in the Gorefiend's memory, it was something that had never happened before. Immediately, the Gorefiend stopped his movements and stared at Xiao Yan in front of him!

I don't know why, but a sense of fear emerged from the Gorefiend's heart, as if he encountered a strong man who could instantly kill him!

"Illusion!"

"It must be an illusion!" The Gorefiend pretended to be calm, but his heart was already in chaos!

"Gore Demon General, it's time to end. What you took away from the Great Thousand Worlds will be returned sooner or later." After Xiao Yan absorbed the evil power that belonged to the Gore Demon General, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly changed. It was black, and then a heavy voice that was not Xiao Yan came out of Xiao Yan's mouth.

"How is it possible... Haven't you already fallen..."

"Master of Soul Eater!" At the next moment, the Gorefiend suddenly thought of something and exclaimed suddenly.

"Die." A dull voice emanated from Xiao Yan.

Immediately above Xiao Yan's palm, a mysterious rune composed of countless mysterious runes and surrounded by mysterious black energy slowly spun!

With the rotation of the Soul Eater Talisman, a huge suction force suddenly appeared in Xiao Yan's palm!

"It's not dead yet!" Xiao Yan suddenly recovered, and then he didn't care what happened just now, he just vaguely remembered that he seemed lost for a moment, and suddenly drank it!

"Ah ah ah!"

"Master of Soul Eater, you will definitely not die!"

"Master Blood Familiar will avenge me!" A voice resounded in the pavilion with unwilling anger.

"Shabu Shabu!" In a short moment the entire body of the Gorefiend general, even the scum that was swallowed by the Soul Eater Talisman in Xiao Yan's palm was not left!

"Dead?" The Snake Punishment on the side was stunned, and immediately made a slight voice.

Snake Punishment is comparable to that of a human eight-star Dou Di, so he knows the tyranny of this Gorefiend, otherwise how could he have been in a stalemate for so long!

Unexpectedly, this Gorefiend, who used to exist in front of him like an insurmountable chasm, is so vulnerable in Xiao Yan's hands!

"Yes." Xiao Yan responded calmly, and then sensed the Soul Eater Talisman in his hand.

However, it was a strange discovery that since the Soul Eater devoured the Gorefiend, the evil power became stronger, and the obscure and mysterious runes on the Soul Eater also slowly recovered some energy, and then dimmed. Xiao Yan calmed down in the palm of his hand.

"What happened just now?" Xiao Yan asked Long Yi after finishing all this.

"Nothing happened just now." Long Yi said calmly after hearing this.

"There are some things that you don't know the need yet... I just didn't think that this Soul Eater Talisman is actually the thing of the Soul Eater Lord." Long Yi spoke slowly.

"Little brother, thank you!" When the Gorefiend disappeared, the shackles that bound the serpent punishment also split instantly, and the strength of the serpent punishment also skyrocketed. In just a few breaths, it was vaguely achieved. It has reached a level comparable to the perfection of a human eight-star Dou Di!

"Don't move!" Just when Snake was about to get up, Xiao Yan suddenly said.

Ask for tickets!