Chapter Vol 2 787: Enter Moonlight Island!

"I'll give it a try." Seeing that everyone was looking at her, Yueru said slightly.

"Don't be nervous, try it first, if it doesn't work, then think of a solution." Seeing that Yueru seemed a little nervous, Xiao Yan immediately comforted her.

"Yes." Yue Ru heard the words, her nervousness was dissipated by Xiao Yan's sudden concern.

"Get up!" After a while, a dazzling mysterious rune slowly appeared on Yueru's forehead, and with the appearance of this mysterious rune, something seemed to slowly emerge from the sea area beneath Xiao Yan's feet.

"There's something under our feet?" Qin Xin immediately found something emerging from their feet, she immediately became suspicious, and then became vigilant.

"Don't panic, that thing should be a tool to send us into the island." Xiao Yan naturally possessed a powerful soul power, and he discovered the secret in an instant, and immediately opened his mouth.

"Boom boom boom!" As Yueru moved the mysterious rune on her forehead, a prismatic thing slowly rose up under everyone's feet.

"It's actually a flying sea beast. This is a kind of marine monster that carries people." After a while, a huge back directly lifted Xiao Yan and the others out of the sea and slowly lifted into the air. The direction was towards the three major islands. And go.

"Looks like it was successful." Yue Ru said immediately when she saw their figures slowly rising.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan and the others were sitting on the huge sea monster at this time. The sea monster didn't say a word and just flew into the air. Obviously, the purpose was to send Xiao Yan and the others to the three islands of the ruins.

"Life and death fire, here I come."

"I just don't know if I can keep the last few things from the resurrected ancestor Xiao Xuan in the ruins." Xiao Yan stared at the three islands that were getting closer and closer, and said slowly.

The resurrection of the ancestor Xiao Xuan has always been a major event in Xiao Yan's mind. After all, on the Dou Qi Continent, the ancestor Xiao Xuan has helped him tremendously. It is unceremonious to say that without the help of the ancestor Xiao Xuan, I am afraid not. There is today's Yan Emperor Xiao Yan.

Moreover, Xiao Yan was also quite curious about the secrets of the Xiao family. In addition, the blood of Dou Di started from his ancestor Xiao Xuan, so he wanted to know what his ancestors should know.

Furthermore, Xiao Yan made an agreement with that mysterious woman in the ruins, and the one-hundred-year agreement reached Dou Xian, and that guy seems to be the guardian of their Xiao clan. Xiao Yan now has too many mysteries to figure out, so Had to speed up the plan to resurrect his ancestors.

As Xiao Yan and his party took off into the sky, they immediately attracted the attention of countless people.

"Look!"

"what is that?"

"That's... a group of people?" The fact that Xiao Yan and the others blatantly entered the island with sea monsters was naturally seen by the later powerhouses.

"This bastard!" Seeing this, Qi Haoran couldn't help but curse.

This Xiao Yan is really abominable. He not only fooled them at the iron gate of the ruins, but now he is the first to enter the three islands, and he will definitely gain more things than them.

"Brother, what should I do now?" Qi Haoqing's face sank. He also knew that the current situation was extremely unfavorable for them.

"This sea area is extremely strange, be careful."

"As for Xiao Yan's words, King Xuanling said that it would be better for this person not to have a vengeance. If he did, he would kill him."

"Xiao Yan, no matter what you get in the ruins, I will let you spit it out in the end!" Qi Haoran's sensible voice echoed slowly.

"Go, go to the bottom of the three islands first. Since Xiao Yan and the others entered from where, then the entrance to the islands must be where." Qi Haoran did not hesitate in the next moment, and directly led Qi Haoqing towards Xiao Yan and the others. Feel free to go.

"Xiao Yan is too perverted, isn't he?" Feng Hong and Du Chun were immersed in the sea water.

Although this water is extremely special, for the two of them, it is like playing at home, so they don't feel any discomfort.

"Is this Xiao Yan a disciple of the Fenxiang Pavilion Rendian?"

"It seems that this guy does have some ability." Feng Hong said immediately upon seeing this.

"Senior brother, Xiao Yan is the one who killed the twin ghost emperors in the previous plundering competition. Do you think he is not bad?" Du Chun said with a smirk.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"You seem to know him very well?" Feng Hong was a little surprised when he heard the words.

"Of course, Xiao Yan is my opponent. Sooner or later, I will defeat him with physical techniques from the front!" Du Chun smiled slowly, his voice full of unshakable faith.

"Work hard!" When Feng Hong saw this, he didn't say much, just said to himself, a foolish junior brother.

Although Xiao Yan's strength is not strong, the pressure on Feng Hong is not inferior to that of some seven-star fighting emperors, so even Feng Hong has no certainty about Xiao Yan's victory.

However, Feng Hong is a senior brother. Naturally, it will not attack Du Chun.

"However, what Xiao Yan did before was a little too extreme."

"I am afraid that some of the disciples in the super sect now have a deep resentment against Xiao Yan. If so, the rumors and competition at the end will probably be very troublesome." Feng Hong said immediately.

"Resent?" Du Chun suddenly became suspicious when he heard this.

"You will naturally understand these things in the future."

"These resentful people, only Solomon's Gunny, plus the Qi family brothers of the Xuanling royal family, and Wang Xie of the Wanpomen are the most prominent."

"These people are people who must report their flaws. Xiao Yan let them eat such a big hole in Tiemen Mountain. I'm afraid these guys will join forces to deal with him."

"Although Xiao Yan is now together with the people from Wanhua Pavilion, if the guys from these three forces are united, I'm afraid no one can match." Feng Hong said.

"Now it's troublesome Du Chun heard the words, he stopped laughing, but looked at Xiao Yan and the others walking farther and farther away.

"This **** Xiao Yan actually brushed us."

"When the time comes to enter the island, don't let me meet you, otherwise you will feel better!" Wang Xie stared fiercely at Xiao Yan and the others.

"It seems that what the sect master said is not wrong. This Xiao Yan seems to be a great enemy."

"But there are two idiots from the Xuanling Royal Family and the Wandu Sect. Let me see if I can unite them."

"If we can unite, we will photograph this confidant first. As for the fighting spirit behind, we will have our own way." Gunny said with a wicked smile.

"I don't know why, just before I entered myself, the master actually sent a voice transmission to me and asked us to help Xiao Yan and the others." Wu Po suddenly said, the second daughter of the Poison Sect Wu Po and Lin Chu.

"Help Xiao Yan?"

"Our relationship with them has not always been..." Lin Zhu suddenly became puzzled when she heard the words.

"I know, but only the master knows about the sound transmission, and there can be no other people..." Wuduye shook his head slowly.

"Let's take one step at a time."

"It's better to go to the island first." The next moment, Wudu shook his head and headed towards the island.

When Lin Zhu saw this, she didn't say much and followed.

So far, countless sect disciples have gone to the three major islands, and I don't know what interesting stories will happen to the ruins this time.

Ask for tickets!