Chapter Vol 4 1994: Xiao Yan was fishing, but the fool took the bait?

"It seems that the danger that your ancient clan suffered is probably more terrifying than I imagined." Xiao Yan slowly supported Gu Qingkong and shook his head.

"Brother Xiao Yan, what do you say?" Seeing this, Gu Qingkong immediately burst into tears and couldn't help thanking him.

"Take back the source of your soul, I will help you, because helping you is equivalent to helping myself."

"I have a holy flame, and I am very sensitive to evil auras. In your ancient world, I am afraid there is a strong evil aura mixed with it. That kind of aura is a bit like the smell of evil people from outside the realm." Xiao Yan frowned. Some of the information I know is said.

"Extraterritorial Evil Race?"

"But this is clearly the Douyun Continent, where ancient races and powerhouses from the Holy See are lined up. Even if ten courageous powers are given to the powerhouses of foreigners, they can't infiltrate our ancient world under the eyes of so many powerhouses." Gu Qingkong But it is undeniable shaking his head.

"You said earlier that the ancient clan chiefs and many elders have changed their temperament after returning from a certain trip. I am afraid that at that time, they will no longer be themselves." Xiao Yan boldly guessed.

"How could it be possible... Among the patriarchs and elders, there are people in the late stage of the Eight-star Dou Xian and even the perfect powerhouse."

"So...that the power of the extraterrestrial evil race powerhouse is likely to touch the reincarnation?" Gu Qingkong only felt that his mind was empty, and a shock came.

"I don't know and I can't be sure, these are just my guesses and inferences."

"By the way, what about the supreme elders of your ancient clan?" Xiao Yan asked in the next moment.

"I don't know, we have never seen the Supreme Elder in our clan, and he hasn't shown up for tens of thousands of years." Gu Qingkong shook his head.

"I hope things won't go to the worst." Xiao Yan clenched his fists tightly, gritted his teeth, and said, if even the elders of the Supreme Being fell, I am afraid that this time it is really dead.

"Also, what happened to your ancient holy land?" Seeing that things were already in the air, Xiao Yan asked.

"After the Holy Land of the Ancient Clan was opened, the Holy Maiden entered it, and no one was able to enter it, not even gathering three keys. It seemed that someone had sealed it from the interior of the Holy Land, and the Holy Land could only go out but not enter." Gu Qingkong shook his head and said. .

"If that's the case, then please take care of Steward Gu to lead the way." After a while, Xiao Yan nodded slowly.

"It's not possible now, we have to wait until midnight, because according to my observations these days, only at that time will there be a time gap that will not be discovered." Gu Qingkong said.

"Okay, everything is up to you." Xiao Yan nodded, ready to go, this trip to the ancient prison was destined to be extraordinary.

As the sun sets, countless stars hang in the starry sky, and the lights of thousands of houses will dazzle the huge ancient world.

"It's time, let's go." The breeze blew across the face, and two figures in black shirts were bathed in the cold wind, one after the other, facing the boulder square.

"Wait a minute, I didn't expect the two of them to suppress their strength to the level of a six-star fighting immortal." Xiao Yan whispered.

"This is?" Gu Qingkong asked in confusion.

"Secret." Xiao Yan pretended to be profound.

...

"Tear la la!" At this time, there was nothing on the boulder square, and even a trace of yin wind was blowing, making people tremble.

"This is the entrance to the ancient prison. I saw those guys enter with my own eyes, but Gu Li and I have studied it several times and have not been able to decipher the secrets." Gu Qingkong looked around vigilantly, and indeed no one pointed his finger at the second one. The uplifted plot in the center of the pillar.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded, his figure floated in the air like a ghost, and immediately went to investigate.

"Hey!" Just when Xiao Yan was approaching the bulge in the center of the two stone pillars, a spooky black wind burst out.

"Be careful!" Gu Qingkong's expression was solemn, he guarded Xiao Yan, and stared vigilantly at a hidden dark void in the boulder square.

"As I said, I always feel that something is wrong. It turns out that someone is staring at me."

"Two little fellows of six-star fighting immortals, I have to, you are really daring." In a leisurely time, a strange figure wriggling in black aura stepped out of the darkness step by step in a very contemptuous tone. That kind of breath turned out to be mixed with the surrounding night, but it gave the two of them an extremely terrifying oppression.

"Eight-star fighting immortals..." Xiao Yan sensed a little, that is, he knew the true identity of this guy.

"Xiao Yan, our whereabouts may have been exposed, you go first." Gu Qingkong shook his head helplessly, facing Xiao Yan behind him.

"An eight-star fighting immortal in the early stage came just in time."

"Acacia Flame Territory!" Xiao Yan ignored it, snorted coldly, the surrounding scorching pink flames completely enveloped the plaza, and his aura instantly soared.

Preemptive strike, the power of the field!

With the increase of the Acacia Flame Domain, Xiao Yan's strength has clearly reached the true Seven Star Fighting Immortal perfection, but it is obviously not suitable to weaken the enemy by one level, and it has become only a slight increase in himself. Characteristics of silk strength.

"Oh, it's actually a hidden strength, and the Seven Star Fighting Immortal is complete?"

"And holy flame?"

"Interesting and interesting." Looking at the strange Acacia power contained in the pink flames around, the black figure sneered, and his voice was filled with ecstasy.

"Hot Explosion Technique!" Xiao Yan didn't have any extra explanation. With the increase of his Explosion Technique and Acacia Flame Domain, his speed and strength skyrocketed, and he directly attacked the black qi figure.

For a time, Xiao Yan's hands, feet, and every joint turned into the sharpest and most deadly weapon to attack the black figure, and the pink flames along the way were suffocating.

"What a terrifying attack power." Gu Qingkong stood blankly at the side, looking at Xiao Yan's attacking angle like a poisonous snake, he couldn't help but click his tongue secretly.

The training and cultivation that this guy has received is probably comparable to that of other people!

Every move and attack is perfect without wasting any power, and there are very few strong people who can achieve this level.

"Black bite!" After a short while, with Xiao Yan's high-intensity continuous attack, the black qi figure at the initial stage of Eight Star Dou Xian snorted coldly, and a huge black qi ghost face emerged directly from his chest. , and immediately whistled away at Xiao Yan.

"Squeak." Seeing this, Xiao Yan wrapped the amber rock soul fire in his palm and grabbed the evil ghost face with one palm.

"Kacha!" After a while, he suddenly squeezed hard, and the seemingly tyrannical evil ghost face shattered directly, and even countless evil black qi, without any room to escape, was directly purified by Xiao Yan.

"I've encountered a difficult guy, so it seems that I can only retreat first." Seeing this, the black qi figure immediately had the intention of retreating.

"Want to run?" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, waved his hand, and the majestic power of holy flame slanted away.

"Crash!" Not long after, the black figure of the eight-star Dou Xian early stage was directly bound by Xiao Yan in the Acacia Flame Domain, unable to move.

"This...this is?"

"Gu Yang, the lord of Gu Yang City?" It happened that the amber-colored holy flame chains just took off the black qi figure's head, and suddenly a very familiar face from Gu Qingkong was displayed in front of him without reservation.

At this moment, a touch of incomparable shock filled Gu Qingkong's brain, washed his cognition, and subverted everything he had done in the past!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: