Chapter Vol 4 1483: Immortal rank 5th grade young pill!

"Master, she is..." With the departure of the Thunder Lord's former team, in this space, only Du Qifei and Xiao Yan were left in a coma after being tortured by the reincarnation rune.

"It should be fine, it's just that the guy just stimulated the power of the reincarnation rune in advance, so it will cause some load to some extent, just rest for a while." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"Master, I want to know the information about that guy." The next moment, Xiao Yan asked the Soul Eater with a firm gaze.

"He is very strong. Maybe he was suppressed here for some special reasons. The strength of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal is not his limit, and he also has a high status among the Thunder Lord's subordinates." Lord of Soul Eater Seriously.

"He will regret it." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he didn't look into it, but his expression became fierce.

"Maybe, but I believe that you will be stronger than him in the future." The Lord of Soul Eater smiled.

"Master, thank you." Xiao Yan's eyes were rather strange, and then a steady stream of gentle fighting qi continued to nourish Du Qifei.

"Let's go, it's business to enter the Pill Hall to collect treasures. As for his words, it will be a long time in Japan." After a while, seeing Du Qifei's complexion recover a little rosy, the Master of Soul Eater smiled.

"I'm afraid this girl will not wake up for a while, so let's take her in." Xiao Yan shook his head, then took off the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, and gently carried it behind his back.

"The entrance to this alchemy hall..." With Du Qifei on his back, Xiao Yan suddenly walked slowly to the front of the alchemy hall. The special material on the alchemy hall made Xiao Yan's heart sink.

"The secret is probably in the place where the stone statue was just now, go take a look." Seeing that Xiao Yan didn't find the entrance to the Pill Hall for a while, the Soul Eater said.

"It's really weird here!" Before the voice of the Soul Eater could fall, Xiao Yan slowly came to the position of the stone statue.

Looking around, the original position of the stone statue stood directly opposite to a certain position in the Pill Hall, and at this time, with the disappearance of the stone statue, a deep pit of about a few feet appeared in the place where the stone statue was located.

"Open it for me!" After a while, Xiao Yan's expression became dark, and with a loud shout accompanied by bright fighting qi fluctuations, he attacked the deep pit in an instant.

"Weng buzzing!" At this time, following Xiao Yan's actions, a strange beam of light in the deep pit suddenly roared towards the wall of the Pill Hall with the momentum of lightning.

At that time, the alchemy hall with a special shape like the word "mouth" was injected with such a strange power, and it suddenly became trembling, and a trace of terrifying aura containing the coercion of heaven and earth fell straight down from the alchemy hall.

"It seems to have succeeded." A rare smile appeared at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth when he noticed this scene.

"Boom!" In an instant, the Pill Hall shook violently, and then facing the wall where the stone statue was, a golden giant gate suddenly appeared. It seems to contain endless coercion.

"Go!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, then turned into a flame and rushed into the Pill Hall first, but when he passed through the golden gate, there was a heart-pounding fluctuation on the golden giant gate. Xiao Yan suffered a lot.

"Hey, the treasure in this Pill Palace is not obtained by you alone..." It's just that Xiao Yan didn't notice that there was an extremely vague and obscure aura behind him, and he entered the Pill with him unexpectedly. in the temple.

"Grumbling..."

"Someone is coming?" At this time, on a disc in the Pill Hall, there was a little boy who slowly looked at the golden giant gate, and said in a milky voice, and after speaking, he entered In the treasure chest above the stone seat.

"This...is this the Pill Palace?" In an instant, Xiao Yan also crossed the golden giant gate and entered the Pill Palace, but the scenery in front of him surprised Xiao Yan.

At this time, the Pill Hall was like a circular inner wall, with a splendid lustre all around, which was quite dazzling, like the treasure house of princes and nobles.

The inside of the Pill Hall is actually made of special metal materials. Even Xiao Yan's soul power cannot penetrate this solid wall. In addition, the entire inside of the Pill Hall is like a special shape like a gourd. shudder.

"There are quite a few treasures in this Pill Hall, but now I'm still looking for the Immortal Rank Five-Rank Pill Pill Young Pill." Xiao Yan looked at it, and beams of light with different luster slowly and quietly stood on the wall. , You don't have to think about it, you know that there must be some high-level medicinal herbs.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan still carried Du Qifei towards the inside of the Pill Hall.

"This guy..." After walking a few steps, he suddenly came to the inside of the Pill Hall, and scenes of shocking scenery also appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

If Xiao Yan was surprised by the splendid round gourd-shaped scene just now, the scene inside the Pill Hall at this time shocked Xiao Yan even more.

Inside the Pill Hall, it is an independent space. There are no other fancy decorations here. Only a huge disc comes into view At the center of the disc, a stone seat stands slowly. It was quite simple, but even at an extreme distance, Xiao Yan could detect subtle fluctuations, as if the disc was an extremely tyrannical seal formation.

"This disc seems to..." Xiao Yan stood outside the disc with Du Qifei on his back, his eyes kept glancing away at it, and he muttered.

"Above the disc, there is an extremely tyrannical force of confinement, and this ban does not isolate humans, but it seems to have a kind of isolation medicine?"

"Could it be that the young pill is hidden in it?" After a while, Xiao Yan's tyrannical soul power returned.

"There is something on the stone seat." The Lord of Soul Eater also said.

"Treasure chest?" Xiao Yan heard the words, looked around, and immediately saw that there was a treasure chest on the stone seat. The treasure chest was dimly lit, but it was extremely large, and it was more than enough to hold an adult.

"Is there a fifth-grade immortal rank baby pill in there?" Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering, his heart became hot.

As we all know, medicinal pills can be transformed into human beings with a lot of wisdom if they reach the emperor rank, not to mention the divine pills that are as high as the fifth-grade immortal rank.

"Do it!" In an instant, Xiao Yan gently put Du Qifei aside, set up layers of defense, and then walked away towards the disc with the fierce flame fighting spirit in the sky.

"Woooo..."

"My alchemy hall, it's been a long time that no human has entered." Just when Xiao Yan stepped on the disc, the treasure chest on the stone seat shattered, and a young boy slowly stretched his body and smiled. road.

"Samsung Dou Xian's perfection level strength..." Xiao Yan looked at the child in front of him vigilantly, his eyes were uncertain, obviously he could smell a wave of death from all over his body.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: