Chapter Vol 2 767: remains

"Do it!" The five strong men looked at each other and immediately understood the rigor of the matter, then put aside their grievances and worked hard to join hands.

The place where the five people are located is an extremely flat piece of flat land in the wild land. If you use the naked eye, you can't see any difference.

As soon as the words of the five people fell, the dazzling power of life force suddenly burst out from the whole body!

The five powerhouses present, the weakest one has also reached the level of the Nine Star Dou Emperor, so he is quite familiar with the use of the power of life and death.

"strangeness……"

"Why is this entrance so mysterious?"

"What the **** is the master of the ruins doing?" Zhu Jin snorted slightly, obviously unable to figure out why the owner of the ruins wanted to bring the ruins to life, so why did he hide the entrance so much and block the news of the ruins So strict, this is obviously not in line with common sense.

"I didn't find it." After a while, the five of them all said in unison, and their voices were full of doubts.

"Chen Xin, you are a pharmacist. Try it with your soul power. My perception will not be wrong. The ruins are here, but why can't you find them." Jiujianxian did not find the entrance, but the ancient breath It really emanated from here, and immediately faced Chen Xindao.

"En." Chen Xin murmured, and then without hesitation, suddenly burst out with dazzling soul power, and swept away the flat ground.

I don’t know if I don’t sweep it, I’m shocked when I sweep it!

The soul power of the dust heart just poured out, and the temperature of this space suddenly rose suddenly!

The next moment, countless gray flames burst out in all directions, madly roaring away at Chen Xin, and its momentum is strong, I am afraid that it must be the strongest!

"Not good!" Chen Xin called out secretly for the first time because of the extraordinary perception of soul power.

However, before Chen Xin and other powerhouses could take action, the seemingly ordinary stone sword behind Jiujianxian suddenly came out, instantly severing the gray flame!

"Thank you Jiujianxian!" Seeing this, Chen Xin withdrew her soul power and said to Jiujianxian.

The dazzling gray flame just now was caused by the soul power of Chen Xin.

When the other powerhouses saw this, they were all slightly startled.

"It doesn't matter." Jiujianxian said, and then stared at the gray flame in the air that was easily cut in half by himself.

"Entrance?" The other people didn't understand why Jiujianxian did this at first, but when the mother's gray flame slowly dissipated, the energy in this space shook violently!

"It's coming out!" Zhu Jin shouted, and then looked around vigilantly to prevent any special situation from happening.

"Ha ha."

"The owner of this relic is really a big hand. He hides the entrance of the relic with the power of flame. No wonder it is so hard to find."

"Although this flame is not a holy flame, the power of the flame tempered by the fighting immortals is no trivial matter." Jiujianxian said.

"So this is the entrance." King Xuanling naturally didn't care about a few people.

"Entrance!" After a while, a void appeared on the flat ground.

The void presents a vortex shape, without a stone gate, but the ancient aura that faintly exudes, but it is telling that this is the entrance to the ruins!

"Is this the entrance to the ruins?" Huang Li stared at the invisible vortex with some difficulty, and hesitated for a while.

Just relying on perception, Huang Li knew that the ruins were full of danger.

"What do you guys think?" Jiujianxian took out a jug from nowhere, took a few sips, and then spoke to a few people around him.

Now that the entrance has been found, no one knows about what is in the ruins, so Jiujianxian asked, and he dragged these people into the ruins to investigate.

Although the seal in the ruins is extremely tyrannical now, with the strength of several of them, there will not be too much problem to enter in a short time.

"I agree." Zhu Jin heard the words and was the first to agree. After all, the reason for this trip was to investigate the truth of the ruins. They have all come here, and they can't give up halfway.

"I agree too." After a while, Huang Li reluctantly said something.

Since I came here today, I must be in the same mood.

"Me too."

"Agreed." After a few minutes, Chen Xin and Xuanling King both said.

"If that's the case, then let's go." Jiujianxian finished speaking, without hesitation, the jug was instantly put away, the silver stone sword behind him was slightly held in his hand, and he said something to everyone.

"Let's go!" Everyone agreed immediately, and together with Jiujianxian, they turned into a stream of light, went towards the vortex at the entrance of the ruins, and disappeared into the flat ground.

"Boom boom boom!" The five of them had just entered the vortex, and suddenly an overwhelming gray flame burst out from the whirlpool. This gray flame was extremely strange, giving them a very cold feeling, but fortunately there was a wine sword Immortal opened the way ahead, and these gray flames were instantly cut off by him!

"It seems that this is the real entrance. There is a blindfold on the one outside." After a while, the five people came to a rather empty space.

Here, there is no decoration there is only an extremely ancient iron gate!

Above the iron gate, a capitalized gossip stands on it.

"Gossip..." Seeing this, Jiujianxian muttered a few words.

"I have a way to decipher this thing, so the four of you will go in for a while, and I will protect the law here." After a few breaths, the Pill King Chen Xin suddenly spoke.

"Do you have a solution?" When Huang Li heard the words, he was naturally puzzled.

This gossip technique is quite amazing. If one is not careful, I am afraid that several of them will...

"I used to refine medicine pills, and someone just happened to tell me how to crack this thing." Chen Xin smiled slowly, and then stopped talking.

Wei Wei sat cross-legged on the ground, and then a force of life and death suddenly emerged, and at this moment, Chen Wei was still muttering something.

"That's the only way." Zhu Jin said, after all, if you can't crack this thing right now, I'm afraid you won't be able to enter, and Chen Xin is a person, and the four people here believe that he won't do anything that hurts the world.

"Gossip yin and yang!"

"Respect me!"

"Open!" After a while, Chen Xin's dazzling power of life and death suddenly burst out on the iron gate, and with Chen Xin's spell, the iron gate actually cracked a little bit!

"Let's go!" The four of them were overjoyed when they saw this, looked at each other and rushed in!

"I hope you guys are lucky." Chen Xin closed her eyes slightly after doing all this, obviously trying to maintain the cracked gap.

The four of them had just entered the ruins, and suddenly felt a sense of repulsion in the sky, as if the ruins did not allow their strong powers to enter, but the four were not vegetarians, and they showed their skills and then dispersed. , apparently to investigate intelligence.

...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: