Chapter Vol 4 1491: Gather!

"The thing in the coffin...is the corpse of Tianwangzang?" Hearing Xiao Yan's shocking and heavy voice, Duo Qifei immediately gritted his teeth and said, because the black coffin was pierced by the black flame sword. , an extremely tyrannical wave of terror emerged quietly.

Duo Qifei, who has the rune of reincarnation, although Xiao Yan's body is not as sensitive to the aura of foreign evil races, his sense of smell is not much inferior to that of Xiao Yan, so he can detect some auras that other people can't detect.

Everyone held their breath and stared at the amazing scene on the mountain peak in the center of the altar.

"If I expected it right, the corpse placed in this coffin is the corpse of the Heavenly King." Listening to Duo Qifei's opening, Xiao Yan also nodded lightly, and then everyone still did not move away from the white jade stone pillar. Sitting quietly on the white jade pillar, Xiao Yan spoke slowly.

"It is said that Tianwangzang was seriously injured before his fall, but the black flame giant sword has an unspeakable evil aura. What is going on?" Looking at the shocking scene, Liu Qing couldn't help it. She lost her voice. With her light-attribute aura, she was able to sense the extremely evil aura above the black flame giant sword. This aura might not be weaker than the 'Earth' level powerhouses among the foreign evil races.

"That giant sword surrounded by black flames... what is it?" Suddenly, the sisters of the Yu family were also shocked, and couldn't help but say.

"It's an alien race."

"And looking at this breath, it should not be an ordinary foreign evil clan. I am afraid that the black flame giant sword pierced through the coffin is the power of the extremely powerful guy in the foreign evil clan."

"If the corpse of the Heavenly King Zang is placed in the coffin, then the black flame giant swords incarnate into the extremely evil black flame giant swords to suppress the coffin, it makes sense." After a while, Yuan Yan said with a gloomy face, obviously That kind of extreme evil aura, even if they were far apart, made Yuan Yan quite uncomfortable.

"Yep."

"This mausoleum is the core of the ruins, and in the coffin, there are the corpses of the Heavenly King Zang... As for the Black Flame Great Sword, it is an 'Earth' level extraterrestrial evil clan powerhouse." After a while, Xiao Yan took a deep breath. , said that with the keen sense of smell of other figures, they would find out sooner or later, so there was no need for Xiao Yan to hide it.

"what?"

"Earth-level powerhouses from outside the territory?" Hearing Xiao Yan's voice, the other girls suddenly lost their voices. Earth-level powerhouses, for them, are likely to die.

"go!"

"Let's go now!"

"Get out of here!" The next moment, Yuan Yan looked at Xiao Yan with a very serious face and said word by word.

Yuan Yan knew that Xiao Yan was hiding a lot of things, and he could vaguely perceive it. Xiao Yan and the others were probably coming for this tomb, but...

The 'Earth'-level extraterritorial evil clan powerhouse is an unparalleled powerhouse that is comparable to the human five-star fighting immortal powerhouse. No matter how many Samsung Fighting Immortals are, there is no difference between them and sending them to death.

"We can't go... We promised Senior Fascinated Old Ghost to solve this foreign evil clan, and now, I'm afraid we are the only ones who can solve it." Seeing Yuan Yan so serious, Xiao Yan thought for a while, then smiled. , there was a firm look in his voice.

"You will take them to death together like this." Yuan Yan seemed to have known Xiao Yan's decision for a long time, without any surprise, but said indifferently, Xiao Yan is not afraid of having Holy Flame, but the strength of other strong people is too weak.

"Don't worry, although this guy is tyrannical, he has been suppressed by Tianwangzang for many years, and his strength has already disappeared, and we also have some means to deal with him." Duo Qifei heard the words and walked over to Xiao Yan and smiled. road.

"Everyone, I'm afraid the trip to the Heavenly King's Relics will end here." After a while, Xiao Yan said to the girls with a hint of apology on his face.

"Forget it, let's go first."

"It just so happens that the other disciples above Dongzhou have also entered the Demon Suppression Prison, and they need a leader to lead the team."

"I'll leave it to you here." At this time, Mu Ge, Yun Qi and the Yu family sisters all looked at each other and said.

They knew that their strength was weak, and staying here would only add trouble to Xiao Yan and the others.

"The disciples of Dongzhou, I'll leave it to you." Xiao Yan nodded, and then his hands quickly changed, and the power of space containing a hidden aura suddenly emerged.

"Isn't this place forbidding the power of space... how could it be?" Seeing that Xiao Yan seemed to be prepared, he immediately asked madrigal.

"This is the core of the mausoleum, and we didn't set foot on the altar, so the power of space can be used temporarily."

"Everyone, let's go." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a space fluctuation appeared above the white jade beam.

"Farewell...Xiao Yan, take care." Seeing Xiao Yan's expression so solemn, Yun Qi immediately, Mu Ge and the Yu family sisters stepped into the space passage one after another and disappeared.

"Next, I'm afraid it will be the real decisive battle of the mausoleum." After a few breaths, only Xiao Yan, Du Qifei, Liu Qing and the Yuan family sisters were left on the white jade pillar, Xiao Yan said. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Let's go, sooner or later we'll have to do it." After a little contemplation, everyone also left the white jade pillar, and then stepped on the smooth ground and walked towards the altar.

This space is isolated by the black mist of evil aura, and the ground is filled with strange and smooth existences, and in the space, countless sacred auras emerge, and even in this space, there is no evil aura, just The black flame giant sword above the peak in the center of the altar exudes heart-pounding fluctuations.

"There is energy isolation on the edge of the altar..." Qiqi's novel was first published on the Internet

"If we step into it, we have only two paths of life and death." After walking slowly, he suddenly came to the edge of the altar. Looking at the mysterious lines on the ground of the altar full of ancient flavors, Yuan Yan's voice was very solemn.

"Let's go."

"There is an 'Earth' level outsider evil clan powerhouse in this area, and everyone gets it and kills him." In an instant, Xiao Yan said with a hearty smile, and then everyone suddenly stepped into it.

"Weng Om Om!" Just as Xiao Yan and the others stepped on the edge of the altar, a great deed like a superior person suddenly appeared from the ancient lines on the ground of the altar, making everyone uneasy.

However, although the coercion is extraordinary, it is fortunate that this breath is extremely gloomy and sacred, as gloomy as a ghost, but it is full of a touch of unusual sacred breath.

"How can there be a sacred atmosphere here...Is it an illusion?" And just stepping on the altar, everyone did not move rashly. Xiao Yan and Yuan Yan both stared at the ancient patterns on the altar floor, seeming to understand the secrets, Liu Yan said. Qing murmured.

"Hello, Xiao Yan!" At the same time, under the black mist, white jade stone pillars slowly emerged. Ghost Shadow Valley, Wanshun Palace and many other powerhouses also came to the top of the tomb at the same time, even the hidden The three guys from the Soul Society also came here secretly.

The real good show is about to emerge.