Chapter Vol 4 1339: Thunder means!

"Senior sister, this way." Hua Fei said to Yun Qi, outsiders didn't know, but Hua Fei knew.

He and Yun Qi's master are currently the president and vice president of the Alchemist Association, and Tan Chen, the vice president of his master, is quite friendly and manages the affairs of the association, but its president is committed to accompany Yun Qi. He has been raised to be the next successor, so he has strict requirements on him, and he doesn't care about many things in the association, so naturally he has a preference for Yun Qi.

"There are only ten people here?" The next moment, looking at the two wooden boxes, the eyes of the dozens of people present narrowed, because at the right wooden box, only the soul of the fairyland can reach. There were only ten figures.

"The soul power of the ten people on the right has reached the fairyland, so they will directly compete for the top five. As for the seventy-six people whose soul power is not as good as the fairyland, is it controversial?" Lei He Looking at the people who were divided into two levels, they started slowly.

"No problem." When these figures heard the words, they immediately cast envious glances at the ten people next to them. After all, at such an age, one can reach the soul of fairyland, and his future achievements are limitless.

"Hey, isn't this the famous Yun Qi from the Alchemist Association?"

"As soon as I see it today, the soul power of such a source is really the strongest of our younger generation." Not long after, a seemingly harmless man among the ten people glanced at the cloud under the veil Pray, the exit said, under the eyes, a subtle fluctuation that was difficult for ordinary people to detect slowly emerged.

"People of the Shu family, keep your mouth shut, otherwise the disaster will come out of your mouth." Hua Fei casually glanced at the guy who came out, and found that this guy's soul power is at best a half-step fairyland, a soul of this level. Strength, undoubtedly can not confront them head-on.

"Are you the guy who defeated Pastoral in the first stage... I don't see any strength."

"However, the battle of soul power is not like a fight like fighting. If you lose, you should admit defeat as soon as possible, or you will lose your face as a champion of the first stage." The man couldn't help but turn his anger on Xiao Yan.

"Senior, it should be in accordance with the rules to do something here, right?" Xiao Yan ignored the provocation of the Shu family man, and just looked at Lei He in the field.

"As long as you have enough power, then the rules can naturally be tilted against you, but remember, this is a soul test, and other powers are not good." Lei He said slightly, he also wanted to see this win the first stage champion, What kind of accomplishments are there on the soul power of the guy who defeated the favored son of the pastoral song?

After all, this guy was personally instructed by the owner of the valley to take care of one or two.

"In that case."

"Huangquan Tianwu!" At the next moment, a soul attack containing dazzling soul fluctuations suddenly emerged from Xiao Yan's body, and then roared away directly at the Shu family man. The strength of its attack was far more than The general fairyland soul powerhouse.

"Sure enough, he is a guy who has stepped into the realm of 'Tai Xu'." Yun Qi's face hidden under the veil couldn't help but tremble. Xiao Yan's tyrannical soul attack made her feel terrified.

"Spiritual Palace?"

"How is that possible?" And the man from the Shu family who was trying to provoke Xiao Yan just now had an extremely ugly expression on his face, and a steady stream of soul power emerged, ready to defend against him.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, Xiao Yan's soul power had reached the 'Void' realm after all, while the soul power of this Shu family man had only reached the half-step fairyland, and the gap between the two was too obvious.

"Crash!" The soul attack formed by Huang Quan's anger, impartially, easily broke through the defense of the Shu family man, and then hit his head heavily!

"Ah ah ah!" A scream suddenly echoed in this huge arena.

"It really deserves it..."

"This guy is doing this on the basis of his mere half-step fairyland soul power, and he deserves it..." Seeing the Shu family man in the arena like this, he couldn't help but look at each other in dismay. It was not unreasonable that Xiao Yan could defeat the pastoral song.

"It's much quieter now... Anyone who doesn't agree, let's go together." Xiao Yan also helplessly shrugged, and then spoke to the other contestants present, his voice filled with an air of arrogance.

"This guy is really arrogant, but his strength and soul power are far from what we can match, let's forget it." The arena was quiet for a while, and all the figures who were present suddenly drew lots and prepared to start. Tested.

"First of all, there will be a top five competition. After the top five [] competition, there will be a competition between the top five and the top ten."

"In the first match of the top five, Xiao Yan played against Leng Hanyan." Lei He's voice slowly filled the arena.

"Two, if you are ready, please enter." Seeing the figures of Xiao Yan and Leng Hanyan taking a step forward at the same time, Lei He said immediately.

"Crash!" The two clasped their fists together, and then jumped into the arena. This is the real home of the soul power contest.

"Leicheng Lengjia Lenghanyan, please enlighten me!" The two of them stood in the air. Opposite Xiao Yan was a woman wearing a gray skirt. The woman's figure was quite shapely But the eyebrows The hidden terrifying fighting intent is as cold as a poisonous snake!

"Xiao Yan, please enlighten me!" Xiao Yan sneered and said the same.

"Soul of the Spirit Python!" The next moment, Leng Hanyan directly mobilized the soul power in the soul realm within his body, and then formed a giant python with a size of hundreds of meters in front of it!

The python carried an extremely fierce aura, and his eyes were fixed on Xiao Yan. There was no doubt that he would be seriously injured in an instant if he was hit by such a tyrannical attack.

"Soul power is the same as fighting qi. What's more, you have already condensed the spiritual palace in your soul realm. You only need to mobilize the soul power to condense it into a thing. Therefore, you can use the soul power to fight. One step." Just when Xiao Yan was in a hurry, the voice of Soul Eater slowly sounded.

Xiao Yan's current soul power is naturally extremely terrifying. I am afraid that in the entire arena, just in terms of the majestic level of soul power, Xiao Yan is enough to rank in the top three, but the tyranny of soul power does not mean that Xiao Yan can use it freely.

Xiao Yan's use of soul power is only to use soul power for exploration and memory acquisition, and even soul attack. As for the means of soul power to transform, there is very little contact.

"do not care."

"Soul Fire Tiger!" The next moment, Xiao Yan also followed Leng Hanyan as he painted a gourd, but Xiao Yan really condensed a soul fire tiger with red flames all over his body!

This soul fire tiger composed of soul power just appeared, and immediately brought an extremely unbelievable look to the people present.