Chapter Vol 4 1875: 10 great weapons and the legend of the demon emperor!

"Squeak." Xiao Yan was easily sent into the room, only to realize that the room was actually a separate space, with only a human being bound in mid-air, and some daily retro-looking tables and chairs. Just like a simple and classical wooden house.

"Brother, save me!" As Xiao Yan entered here, the man who was surrounded by chains and locked in the middle of the wooden house couldn't help but rejoiced.

"Wait a minute, you said you know the ten major weapons in the demon world?" Xiao Yan walked over to him slightly, and he could smell a heavy and ancient smell from the iron chains, but the identity of this man should not be wrong.

The difference between humans and monsters is that after being seriously injured, monsters will transform into their own bodies, while humans will not. Of course, the kind of supernatural powers that have survived the catastrophe and transformed into human beings are also similar to humans.

"Hey, let me down and I'll tell you." The man also pretended to be mysterious at this time. With his discerning eyes, he seemed to smell some strange breath from Xiao Yan.

"Even the preciousness of an artifact is extremely hot. You are a five-star fighting immortal, how would you know?"

"In my opinion, you are probably trying to deceive me, right?" Xiao Yan slowly came to the bound man's side, and said with a smile.

"Hey, he is really a shrewd boy, but you are a human being. Although you have a treasure that hides your fighting spirit and demonic energy, if you encounter a big demon in the demon world, I am afraid you will have nothing to hide."

"And with the many grievances between the demon world and the human world, I dare to conclude that you will definitely be divided into five horses by the many strong men here!" The man in the **** state smiled strangely, and seemed to see some details of Xiao Yan.

"Oh... there are two times, but just relying on this, but..." Xiao Yan still shook his head, so he lightly sat on the table and chair beside him, regardless of what the man did.

"Damn, it seems that this guy doesn't cry without seeing the coffin, so he must be genuine." The bound man scolded secretly, then coughed a few times, trying to raise his voice.

"You came to the demon world, I'm afraid your intentions are not right?" The **** man changed his tone this time.

"Speaking of business, don't waste my time." Xiao Yan was too lazy to pay attention to this guy. If he was doing this, Xiao Yan would immediately turn around and leave.

"Do you know the Lord of the Demon Realm, the Demon Emperor?" The man said in a serious tone.

"I'm here for him, tell me what you know." Xiao Yan looked at the man with energy.

"A long time ago, the demon world was still torn apart, with countless forces fighting openly and secretly, but the center of the demon world sat and watched with their detached status. For a time, the demon world was troubled by internal and external troubles, internal struggles, and the outside world was eroded by the human world. It was miserable."

"When the demon world was in dire straits, a young spirit quickly resolved the internal struggle in the demon world with the momentum of thunder. It is said that the absolute crushing of strength made all the realms of the demon world obey him."

"At that time, it was still before the first World War, and the name of the Demon Emperor was resounding throughout the Great Thousand World for this reason."

"After unifying the demon world, the demon emperor was noticed by the powerhouses in the center of the demon world. In order to find out the details of the demon emperor, the center of the demon world dispatched three reincarnation powerhouses to test the demon emperor, but there was no return."

"The three reincarnation powerhouses even have the most powerful ones who have set foot in the triple reincarnation realm, and they all fell into the hands of the demon emperor. It is said that the demon emperor had just stepped into reincarnation at that time, and he did not even have the first realm, but it can be obliterated. Three reincarnations."

"Do you know the reason?" The **** man said this time, subverting Xiao Yan's cognition, making Xiao Yan listen intently.

"This demon emperor is so powerful?" Xiao Yan heard the words, only to feel a shocking ripple in his heart. Even if the difference in the realm of reincarnation is one level, the power contained in it is also very different. The demon emperor was able to obliterate three people with his own power. Reincarnation, and even more stepping into the triple reincarnation realm?

"The demon emperor's name is Tianhen, and no one knows what his body is, and no one knows where he was born."

"He is gifted with extraordinary talent, and his power is extremely domineering. Soon after he unified the demon world, he entered the most mysterious Demon Fate Cave in the demon world by himself. When he came out, he had a **** spear in his hand."

"The blood-colored spear is called the Sky Splitting Demon Spear, and it is the third-ranked artifact among the ten major weapons in the demon world."

"It was with the blessing of the divine weapon that he wiped out the three reincarnation powerhouses."

"And the powerhouses in the center of the demon world can only let them grow. Since then, the demon emperor took his troops and left the demon world to attack the other six worlds."

"At that time, in the entire six realms, the three realms of ghosts, demons and Buddha were defeated by the demon emperor, but in the end, for some unknown reason, the demon emperor retreated when he was about to win."

"And the demon emperor has just retreated, and the evil race from outside the territory has attacked. The first war between heaven and earth has begun. The demon world has not lost much because of the existence of the demon emperor."

"After the end of the First World War, our Great Thousand World paid an extremely painful price to expel the evil races from outside the Territory. The seven worlds also formulated a rule that they would not interfere with each other and cultivate their own health, so the Great Thousand World became peaceful." The man explained this information in a succinct manner, and his eyebrows danced word by word, as if he had seen it with his own eyes.

"The demon emperor is indeed a generation of arrogance... but why was it suppressed by the seal later?"

"Since the Demon Emperor was the supreme power before the first World War, he should have a reincarnation of the third level, if he is less powerful, how could he be sealed by the master of the ghost realm, the powerhouse of the three realms of the devil realm and the Buddha realm? ?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"Hey...this is going to start from the other side."

"The first battle of heaven and earth, with the power of the demon emperor and the protection of the center of the demon world, the demon world suffered very little loss, and after thousands of years of cultivation, the power of the demon emperor reached a new state of shackles. In order to break through this level, in In addition, he is brooding about the human world, and decided to seal his own cultivation power into the human world, to understand the human world's seven emotions and six desires, and to learn the unique insights of human beings on fighting skills."

"It was also at that time that the demon emperor met the unforgettable woman in his life."

"That woman is a member of the Holy See. She hid her identity and entered the same sect in Douyun Continent to study with the Demon Emperor, and developed a strong love for each other. The sect ordered by the Holy See, and the demon emperor at that time was kindly shaken by the countless cares in this sect decided to protect the sect."

"The two fought each other. In fact, they were in love with each other. Unfortunately, the Holy See woman thought that if this sect was obliterated, the Holy See would untangle her soul, and she could be with the Demon Emperor forever."

"It's a pity that all of this was seen by the powerhouses of the three realms. After the war, when the demon emperor returned to the demon realm with his seriously injured body, the powerhouses from the three realms brought their respective artifacts in the three realms and went straight to the demon emperor. In the bedroom, I tried to take revenge on Xue Ren, but in the end, I found out that the demon emperor had an immortal body, so he sealed it down for thousands of years."

"On the other hand, the Holy See woman completely reported the obliteration of the sect to the top of the Holy See, but what she received was the Holy See's killing order. At that time, she knew that she was only a chess piece used by the Holy See to clear obstacles."

"And this Vatican woman has a very high status in the Vatican. At that time, when the demon emperor was sealed, it was rumored that in order to prevent the lawless people from taking the opportunity to make trouble, it can only be said that the demon emperor fell."

"Love and hate, this Holy See woman has also completely stepped into the evil way, joined the foreign evil clan, and turned into the demon of light in the mouth of the human beings in the world."

"This is the origin of the demon emperor Tianhen and the demon of light."