Chapter Vol 4 1071: Xuanling Invitation Order!

"Since this is the case, then we will go back to the Burning Incense Pavilion first, and two days later, we will fight Xuanling Mountain decisively."

"All grievances and grievances will end here." Mu Xuzi looked at Xiao Yan, his heart was full of relief, and he smiled.

"Snake King, send them out."

"We also have to start preparing."

"It's a big deal, don't be sloppy." Shefu raised his snake-shaped scepter slightly and said quite heavily.

"Okay." The Snake King also knew that this was the territory of the Medusa clan after all, and having one's own **** would save a lot of trouble, otherwise, he would encounter some unsightly things.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan and Mu Xuzi looked at each other and immediately followed, followed by Long Yi and Xiao Yi.

"Charm Blue."

"With you as the team leader of the eight major tribes, we will begin to rectify it. The powerhouses in the clan whose strength exceeds that of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor will all gather."

"I'm afraid it will be a real death battle after the two."

"Mobal, you lead the strong snake people to go out to find Queen Medusa. The matter is very important. You must let the Queen personally command it, and this battle has the possibility of victory."

"..." Orders came out of Shefu's mouth in an orderly manner.

"By the way, what about Mu Yingying's girl?" Mu Xuzi asked just after leaving the Crystal Palace.

"Ah...this..." Long Yi and Xiao Yi looked at each other and said hesitantly.

"I chased out at the time and was dumped by her." Xiao Yi also said shyly.

"Forget it, let her be quiet." Xiao Yan also knew that experiencing this kind of thing for a while was also a devastating blow to her.

After speaking, the five of them walked directly towards the Burning Incense Pavilion.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Pfft." After a while, the Snake King also left them and returned to the Medusa clan, and Xiao Yan and the four also returned to the outside of the Burning Incense Pavilion, and after taking a step forward, they stepped into the Burning Heaven Territory.

"Little guy, welcome home." At this time, Mu Xuzi said with a kind smile on the corner of his mouth.

"Well, go home." When Xiao Yan heard this, his heart couldn't help feeling warm. Although he had retired from the sect, in the final analysis, he was also a member of the Burning Incense Pavilion.

"Hey, hey, look."

"Those people in the sky are a little familiar, and there is Uncle Mu Xuzi next to him."

"That man is actually carrying a heavy ruler... Could it be Senior Brother Xiao Yan?" There were people coming and going in the Fenxiang Pavilion, and some disciples with good eyesight looked at the scene in the high sky of Fen Tianyu and couldn't help it. said.

"Xiao Yan and the others are back." At this time, a series of familiar figures jumped directly into the sky of Burning Heaven Domain.

"Eldest brother..."

"Junior Sister Lingxuan..." Familiar names emerged from Xiao Yan's mouth.

"Junior brother, welcome back." Mu Tian took the brunt of the brunt, took a step forward, and then extended his palm to Xiao Yan.

"Senior Brother!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan shook it without hesitation, and then laughed.

"Hey, you guy, your strength should not be underestimated."

"Wait, this is..." The next moment, Mu Feng, who was beside him, hurried forward and said to Xiao Yan.

"This is my sworn eldest brother." Xiao Yan did not shy away and said directly.

Long Yi is the most powerful and the eldest brother, Xiao Yan's wise mind and mind are the second brother, while Xiao Yi is the quiet third brother, actually the third brother.

"This strength is a bit terrifying." Mu Feng couldn't help laughing when he heard this.

"Let's go, go down first."

"Your deeds have spread in the sect. I believe that many brothers and sisters will be very happy to see you." Mu Xuzi said.

"Wait, there are guests here." Just as Mu Xuzi's voice fell, the space outside the Burning Heaven Territory suddenly trembled, and then circles of invisible evil aura slowly brewed out.

"There are enemies!"

"Alert!" And Mu Xuzi's strength had already broken through to the Nine-Star Dou Emperor. He just discovered this abnormality and couldn't help but say with a heavy expression.

Because even with the strength of his Nine Star Dou Emperor, he could smell a hint of fear from the evil aura in front of him.

"Susu."

"Fenxiang Pavilion's guy, is this how you welcome old friends?" And in the shaking space, an old man appeared in the next moment.

Looking at the gray hair, he looks old, but his spirit is extremely spiritual. As for his body, there are traces of evil blood around him, which makes people look quite disgusted at first glance.

"A nine-star Dou Di with Rank 6 strength..." Seeing this, Xiao Yi took a slight step forward.

"Old Zhuo?" But Mu Xuzi was surprised when he saw this figure appear.

"Old Chaos?" Xiao Yan and his disciples were all surprised when they heard the words.

"This guy is the deputy head of the Wolf Eagle Legion."

"But it's not right to be an upright person. He is one of the few people in the Xuanling royal family who can make friends." The next moment, Mu Xuzi said.

"The fluctuations in his body are the aura of the evil clan outside the realm." At this time, Xiao Yan's pupils exuded a hint of khaki, and the holy flame in the body sent out an extremely disgusting feeling towards the old man. If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's suppression, the inner The holy flame is about to burst out and devour it.

"This guy, what are you doing here?" And the disciples were also a little confused.

"What, Mu Xuzi, your pavilion master is not here?" The voice of the old man was full of a playful evil spirit, standing outside the Burning Heaven Territory and scanning a circle of Mu Xuzi everyone said the pavilion owner is not there , what's the matter? "Mu Xuzi also has the same imposing manner as the old man, and said.

"Thanks to the righteousness of our king, we have already captured all the evil races from outside the territory that endangered our Xuantian Santian, but the power of our king alone is not enough to completely obliterate them."

"Two days later, our Xuanling royal family will hold the Demon Extermination Ceremony in Xuanling Mountain. At that time, I hope that your pavilion masters can participate together and make a modest contribution to the tranquility of Xuan three days."

"Next!" The voice of the old man was very low, and at the end of his words, a golden token with mysterious characters was projected directly at Mu Xuzi.

"Mysterious Spirit Invitation Order?" Mu Xuzi easily caught the token, but found that it had mysterious powers on it.

The invitation order for Xuanling is almost the highest standard token of the Xuanling royal family. Being invited by this token is enough to show the status of Burning Incense Pavilion.

"Would you like to keep him?" Looking at this arrogant and domineering old man, Long Yi lowered his voice and asked Xiao Yan.

"Not for the time being." Xiao Yan shook his head and said, although there are deep grievances between the Xuanling Royal Family and the Fenxiang Pavilion, but others are only here to send invitations, even if they stop them, I am afraid it will not help.

"There are other sect invitations to send, so I won't tell you the old times." After doing all this, the old man flashed directly, and then disappeared here, leaving only the Fenxiang Pavilion as a high-level executive.

"This is a conspiracy." Seeing the figure of the old man disappear slowly, after a while, Xiao Yan raised his forehead and said heavily.