Chapter Vol 4 1211: booty

"Captain Yu is really a good trick." Xiao Yan jumped down from not far away and said to Yu Yifeng.

"With the strength of our team, the tenth and ninth floors should not be difficult."

"The purpose of our trip should be the eighth floor." Yu Yifeng smiled slowly.

"Gulu!" While the two were talking, the energy at the center of the explosion slowly dissipated, but at the center of the explosion, the figure of the Frost Ancient Ape had disappeared, leaving only a wriggling dark mouth.

"That's..." Xiao Yan stared at the dark mouth and couldn't help but say.

Through perception, I found that the dark mouth turned out to be the exit of this space.

"That's the exit."

"The Frost Ancient Ape was obliterated by me. This is the tenth floor and it is considered a successful challenge."

"Go and call everyone, and then leave together."

"Then collect the spoils, and you'll be on the ninth floor." After Yu Yifeng finished speaking, he also headed for the place where the large army was.

"Captain, the two of them have been gone for so long and haven't come back, will they..."

"No, Land Monkey, you are agile, you can go and see." Among the remaining people, no matter in terms of strength or temperament, Razer is undoubtedly the most majestic, Razer said slowly.

"Okay." The land monkey didn't delay when he heard the words, got up and headed towards the place where Yu Yifeng and the two disappeared.

"Who?" And the land monkey just walked a few steps, and suddenly shouted at the front, because an extremely tyrannical wave was slowly attacking in front of him.

"My own person." After being drank by the land monkey like this, a hearty voice also appeared.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Captain!" After a while, two familiar figures also slowly entered the eyes of the land monkey, and the land monkey exclaimed.

"The guardian of the tenth floor has been dealt with, let's go." Yu Yifeng said to the people behind him.

"Have you solved it..." When Liu Qing heard the words, her beautiful eyes flickered slightly.

However, the rest of the Eagle Eye team were not too surprised. After all, this is only the tenth floor. The guardians are basically two-star fighting immortals. For Jade Legacy Feng, three-star fighting immortal strength, it is naturally simple.

"Go." Everyone nodded, and then headed towards the dark mouth above the ocean, where it was the teleportation point to leave the guardian space.

"Guru." With a sound, the entire group left here, and the dark mouth closed instantly.

"This Ice and Fire Island is really strange." Yu Xiaoye said.

The group had just left the strange space on the tenth floor, and suddenly appeared in the passageway that used to be radiant, and they didn't know where to go.

"I am afraid that there is a dangerous place connected to this Ice and Fire Island. The guardian of the tenth floor of Ice and Fire Island appeared from that dangerous place."

"And every time you defeat a layer of guardians, you will be given a treasure with a certain challenge..."

"These kinds of things also create the mystery of Icefire Island... But if you want to investigate clearly, I'm afraid you have to enter the first floor..." Yu Yifeng said slowly.

"The first floor?" Xiao Yan frowned when he heard the words, obviously when Yu Yifeng talked about the first floor, he clearly noticed a trace of fear on the latter's face.

"What kind of powerful creatures are there in the first layer?"

"Furthermore, this Ice and Fire Island is probably not as simple as it seems." Xiao Yan thought slightly in his heart.

"Forget it."

"Not to mention the first floor of Ice and Fire Island, even any guardian in the first three floors can easily tear all of you."

"So you can guess the strength of the villains imprisoned on the first three floors."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Their power is enough to command the world, even if you use the power of the Holy Flame Fen Jue or even the power of the clan mark, I'm afraid it is not their opponent."

"Of course, if you lead out the Ten Temple Yama in your clan's pattern, that's another story." At the end of the sentence, the Master of Soul Eater seemed to think it was inappropriate and said Zaidu.

"The first three floors..."

"Those guardians and imprisoned villains, shouldn't they be stronger than your predecessors, right?" Xiao Yan laughed immediately after hearing this.

"Boy, don't underestimate my Soul Eater."

"If I return to the peak, these guys are not worthy of my shoes." The Lord of Soul Eater hurriedly explained.

"The spoils of war are ahead." Just as the Lord of Soul Eater landed, the voice of Yu Yifeng came from the front.

When everyone heard the words, they followed them slowly, then turned around a few corners, and a golden treasure box appeared in front of everyone in an instant.

"Is this the trophy..." Xiao Yan said slightly.

"Shuiyue, you go open." And Yu Yifeng didn't want to waste time and said directly.

Their Yu family is not low on the Eastern Continent of the Ghost Realm, but this time they went to the Ice and Fire Island to rescue a certain layer of imprisoned wicked people. The big man above directly named them. Even if their Yu family has a good relationship with the Holy See, I am afraid they will not. People can keep them.

Everything is up to you!

"Good." Shuiyue agreed, and then quickly walked towards the golden treasure chest.

"Squeak." Shuiyue came to the treasure chest without expending any extra strength. She gently touched the treasure box with her palms, and then lifted her hands gently, and the treasure box was opened immediately.

"What good things are there?" The land monkey on the side couldn't help but ask.

The last time they were not fully prepared, just by defeating the guardians on the tenth floor, they got the ground dragon blood crystal and other items.

"A scroll?" Shuiyue did not have any joy, frowned, staring at the sheepskin scroll standing quietly inside the treasure chest, not knowing what to do for a while.

"Scroll?" Xiao Yan didn't have many plans at first, after all, he was only a thug at best, and naturally there was no need to fight with these people, but after Shuiyue said this, he immediately became interested.

"Scroll?" Everyone heard the words and walked up slowly, trying to find out.

"It's really a scroll... But the aura on this scroll is too ~ Could it be incomplete?" Razer's eyes were vicious, and he naturally revealed the secret at a glance.

"I don't think so, this scroll is a bit like a fighting technique..." Yu Yifeng was also at a loss for a while, obviously based on his experience, he didn't know what it was.

"This thing is a fire attribute fighting skill, why don't you give it to me." And Xiao Yan also laughed heartily from the side.

"Fire-type fighting skills?" When everyone heard the words, they fell silent for a while.

"Okay, I'll give you this." Yu Yifeng, after checking it three times, found that there was nothing special about the scroll, so he laughed.

"Since that's the case, then I'm welcome." Seeing this, Xiao Yan gently wrapped the sheepskin scroll in flames, and then carefully put it into his collection ring.

After doing all this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but laugh his teeth out.

What kind of fire attribute fighting skill is this sheepskin scroll, this is clearly a wood attribute defensive fighting skill!

Xiao Yan now has all the means of attacking, but he lacks the means of defense. Obtaining this thing in this way is tantamount to adding wings to a tiger!

The reason why this wood attribute fighting skill scroll is bleak is because only when it is stimulated by the power of wood attribute fighting immortals can it radiate its light to the greatest extent!

It takes time to master this wood attribute fighting skill. Xiao Yan, who has fire and wood attributes, is tantamount to being invincible in the same rank!

End of this chapter