Chapter Vol 4 1433: Pay and trade!

"Earth Demon Bear?" Hearing the words, Mu Ge twisted and closed the ice mausoleum in mid-air, leaving the rock giant without any vitality, and immediately looked down.

"Hoohoho!" Seeing that the two humans were staring at him so strangely, the Earth Demon Bear let out a strange roar, followed by a deafening sound that made Xiao Yan's scalp tingle.

"It's actually still an Earth Demon Bear at the pinnacle of the Three Star Fighting Immortal Consummation..." Xiao Yan said solemnly, looking at the thick muscles and tyrannical star patterns on the Earth Demon Bear's body.

The Earth Demon Bear is a special soul beast that controls the earth element. It is famous for its strength, but its control over the earth element is frightening.

The power and attributes of elements are different, but if you have to say it, no one knows the specific gap between the two, but Xiao Yan knows that the power of elements is more powerful than attributes!

The Earth Demon Bear is extremely large in size, with a full body of 100 feet, a short tail, short and thick limbs, huge soles, and star patterns lingering all over its body, making it extremely domineering.

"Run!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan said without any hesitation, and said a sentence directly to the pastoral song, and then the two of them's speed skyrocketed, and they fled to the second place in the primeval forest.

"Hey, two little devils want to escape? But it's not that easy..." The Earth Demon Bear's voice just fell, and he immediately trampled on the ground. Suddenly, ground waves emerged from the soil like a tide, and quickly attacked the two. go.

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan turned his head abruptly when he noticed such a ferocious blow from the Earth Demon Bear, and then the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler, filled with the power of dazzling flames, suddenly slashed at it.

"Let's all stay." The Earth Demon Bear didn't move his full strength, the corner of his mouth was filled with a playful voice, and he spoke slowly.

"Boom!" Among the two ground waves, suddenly emerged from the soil, and then easily bound Xiao Yan and the two figures in an instant, and immediately grabbed back in front of the Earth Demon Bear.

"This guy... is too strong." Mu Ge couldn't help but a trace of horror emerged when he saw the Earth Demon Bear who was close at hand.

"Strange... This guy's body doesn't seem to be quite right..." Xiao Yan was only a few meters away from the Earth Demon Bear. Although he was firmly bound by the earth-wave soil, with the strength of his soul, he was shocked to discover the inside of the Earth Demon Bear. Something is not right.

That kind of wrong seems to come from some kind of special power. It seems that there is an extremely huge power hidden in the body of the Earth Demon Bear, and the Earth Demon Bear is doing its best to suppress it.

"You stepped into my territory without authorization, I am afraid today is a situation of dying." The Earth Demon Bear smiled as he looked at the two helpless humans in front of him.

This ground wave is the signature method of the Earth Demon Bear, but it contains its unique understanding of the earth element, which is beyond the ability of ordinary people to decipher.

"You guys are really too strong." Xiao Yan was distracted, and tried his best to recall what the power in the Earth Demon Bear was.

However, Xiao Yan still has a little bit of certainty about the Earth Demon Bear. Of course, that is under the condition of using the fighting spirit and the Great Heaven Seed. After all, as the strength increases, Xiao Yan uses the fighting spirit more and more. Go up one floor.

"What should I do now..." Seeing Xiao Yan constantly dealing with the Earth Demon Bear, Mu Ge used his soul power in a deep voice.

"It's okay... It's up to me." Xiao Yan replied gently, although this Earth Demon Bear is extremely powerful, the strange power in its body seems to be the way to break the game.

"Smooth-talking humans..."

"It's better to die!" With a cold snort, the Earth Demon Bear was no longer talking nonsense. On the huge bear paw, full of mysterious star patterns, it contained the terrifying power of destroying the dry and the rotten, and took a photo of Xiao Yan and the two!

The Earth Demon Bear, known for his strength, would be seriously injured if he was shot with such a palm.

"Hehe... If you kill us, I'm afraid that the power in your body will not be able to resist you alone, and you will inevitably end up falling." Facing such a fierce attack by the Earth Demon Bear, Xiao Yan's eyes slowly closed, and then Said very quietly.

"What?" The palm of the Earth Demon Bear's action just now froze in the air, and then an unbelievable look appeared in the beast's pupil!

"Am I right?" Seeing that the Earth Demon Bear suddenly stopped attacking, Xiao Yan slowly opened his eyes with a confident look.

"how do you know?"

"Impossible... The mere two-star Dou Xian's perfect strength... How could it be possible to find that thing in my body?" The next moment, the Earth Demon Bear looked stunned, and then kept shaking his head.

"That thing in your body is a deadly threat to you, but we humans are different... and we all have the existence of the Great Heavenly Seed."

"So... the two of us can help you get through this difficult time." Suddenly, a shocking laughter emerged from Xiao Yan's mouth.

"You two human beings step into my territory, and you will definitely die. Although you are right now, but you humans are so cunning, how can I trust you?" The Earth Demon Bear frowned as he looked at Xiao Yan's confident appearance. road.

"This is simple, you can plant a soul imprint in the two of us. If we break our promise, life and death will only be yours in a split second." Xiao Yan said.

"Also..." The Earth Demon Bear heard the words, nodded slowly, and then stimulated the dazzling soul power to plant a soul imprint on the body of the two.

It is a pity that the Earth Demon Bear did not know that it was calculated by Xiao Yan, and its soul power was too weak. In front of Xiao Yan, a fairyland soul power strong, the soul imprint was just born, and it was instantly wiped clean.

"Don't worry now?" Seeing that the Earth Demon Bear completed the soul imprint, Xiao Yan also quietly erased the soul imprint so that he could not find it, and immediately said.

"Don't worry now, come with me." The Earth Demon Bear said with a smile, if he could remove that thing in his body, it would be the best relief for him.

"There is no free lunch in the world..." The Earth Demon Bear just walked, and the figures of Xiao Yan and Mu Ge immediately stopped without any movement!

"you!"

"I'm furious!"

"I'm going to kill you!" The Earth Demon Bear was immediately furious when he heard the words, waving his hands and attacking the two of them.

"Okay Don't waste your time, if you drag it on, I'm afraid it's only you who will suffer." Seeing the violently undulating energy in the Earth Demon Bear, Xiao Yan said.

"You are cruel!"

"If you can help me through the difficulties, I will give you the Earth Holy Spring to practice!" In an instant, the Earth Demon Bear gritted his teeth and said viciously.

"The Holy Spring of the Earth?"

"Deal!" Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded slowly, and then a dazzling flame emerged, which suddenly removed the restraint of the ground wave.

The holy spring of the earth, this is a rare real treasure in the Tianming Mountains, because of its existence, it can give cultivators a great opportunity...

With it, Xiao Yan is only one step away from the Three Star Fighting Immortal!

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!