Chapter Vol 4 962: A chance encounter

"..." The silence lasted for a few minutes, and then Xiao Yan barely got up, looked at the place where the Golden Dragon King's uncle disappeared, and muttered.

"The uncle and the ancestors kept silent about the affairs of the Xiao family, probably because they were afraid that I would get involved in some trouble."

"But as far as I know, the disappearance of the Xiao clan must be related to the center of the human world, and the center of the human world is the existence of the strongest human beings!"

"I need strength!" Xiao Yan's pupils became firm again!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

He needs strength!

We need the power to protect the color scales!

It is necessary to find Xun'er to find Zhu Kun and their power to save their Xiao clan!

"You can't make a big fat man in one bite, so now I'd better deal with the next sect competition!"

"Then go to Xun'er and Immortal Saint Yan!"

"After that, maybe we can go to the powerful place that guarded our Xiao clan to get something back." Xiao Yan clenched his fists and said directly.

Having an idea in his heart, he got up immediately, instead of staying here, he headed out to the exit of the Forest of Death.

"etc……"

"This is the outermost part of the Xuanling Continent, how can I go back..." Suddenly, Xiao Yan seemed to think of something, and smiled bitterly.

"By the way, I heard from the deputy hall master earlier that there is a seal around the forest of death that seals the entrance to the ghost realm. Where there is a teleportation array, you can go back to the Burning Incense Pavilion with this."

"There are still a few days before the sect competition will be fully opened. I hope it will be in time." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he straightened his breath and headed towards the entrance to the seal of the ghost world.

Luoyan Town.

A small town lingering in the forest of death at the outermost edge of the Xuanling Continent. The population of this small town is only a few hundred people, but what ordinary people do not know is that this is actually a resident of the Burning Incense Pavilion, because it is here It is very close to a certain seal in the ghost realm, and it is also the only way to go to the sealed land at the entrance of the ghost realm. Therefore, the Fenxiang Pavilion has set up a teleportation array here. First, it is to facilitate the experience of sect disciples, and secondly, it is also to restrict the guardianship of the ghost world. Xuan three days.

"This town seems to be desolate." Xiao Yan did not rashly walk in the air, but chose to walk on foot. After all, no one knew whether there were any taboos in this town.

At this time, Xiao Yan was still thousands of miles away from the town. He only knew it by his soul perception, but there seemed to be some other aura not far from the town.

"Humph."

"Run, are you running?"

"I told you a long time ago that if you provoke our Xuanling royal family, you all have to die." Not far from Xiao Yan, two sturdy men slowly surrounded a wounded man, and then said in a strange tone. .

"A group of vermin horses." The man seemed to be seriously injured, but he still insisted.

"Captain, don't talk nonsense with him, solve him as soon as possible, and then go back to meet the third prince."

"This time, the sect competition must be a little more lively, so before coming out, my king also gave an order to kill these seven people in one go." Another big man also laughed.

Xiao Yan glanced at him, and didn't mean to go rashly. After all, Xiao Yan didn't have enough to eat, although dealing with the two powerhouses in the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor was naturally no problem.

However, the next scene surprised Xiao Yan.

"Merely in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, you are not the opponents of the two of us in the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, not to mention that you are so seriously injured."

"Don't worry, I'm still reluctant to kill you now."

"Accept the sanctions!" After the sturdy man at the head finished speaking, the huge axe in his hand suddenly lifted, and the steady stream of life force directly poured out, pointing at the injured man in front of him.

"Bastard!" The man gritted his teeth, and then his eyes closed slightly.

"Go to hell!" The sturdy man raised his giant axe, and a red glow roared towards the injured man. The strength of its attack was so strong that it might be able to hit the man in an instant.

"Fengtian Jue!" At this moment, the man's pupils turned red, and a murderous intent permeated the air. The strength of the middle stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor was undoubtedly demonstrated, and as the voice fell, the space around him was suddenly filled with an abnormality. Blazing energy fluctuations.

"Crash!" The dazzling second attack hit directly, and then a fiery heat wave slowly dispersed.

"Kid, die!" Seeing that the second force had just hit, the figure of the sturdy man at the head flashed, the giant axe in his hand was directly raised, and the next time he turned around, he came to the injured man's side, and slashed out with an axe. .

A seemingly simple axe actually contains extremely powerful life force, this level of life force is enough to seriously injure an injured man!

"Not good!" The injured man had just realized that something was wrong, and when he was about to mobilize his energy for defense, he felt a sense of weakness in his body. Obviously, he had used too much energy to escape from the pursuit.

The giant axe filled with the smell of death kept expanding in the pupils of the injured man. In just a few breaths, it came to the injured man. Just one step forward, the injured man would be chopped into pieces in an instant. Two and a half!

A sense of powerlessness appeared in the injured man's pupils, as if a trace of madness appeared.

"Bang bang bang!" Just when the injured man was at a loss, an attack hit the sturdy man's giant axe with good precision.

"Who?" Seeing this, the sturdy big man couldn't help being vigilant, and then glanced around.

"Don't look for it, it's the one who took your life." A rather handsome figure slowly appeared in front of the three of them and said with a smile.

The smiles were extremely bright But the two sturdy men felt a shocking killing intent from the smiles.

"Little brother?" The injured man reluctantly opened his eyes and then spoke up.

"Don't talk, you are seriously injured."

"This is a healing medicine." Xiao Yan glanced at the injured man, then said softly, and after speaking, he threw out a few medicinal pills.

Hearing the words, the injured man didn't hesitate and swallowed the medicinal pill directly. After all, at this time, a dead horse could only be used as a living horse doctor.

"This medicine pill..."

"It's so strong..." Just after swallowing the medicinal pill, the medicinal pill turned into pure medicinal power, constantly nourishing the inside of his severely injured body.

"Seven Star Dou Di came out to be embarrassed in the early days. Your parents never taught you to do everything within your means?"

"Captain, let me come and kill this ignorant boy." The other sturdy man was startled at first, and then laughed.

"This guy, it's not that simple." The sturdy captain said vigilantly.

The tyrannical strength of his attack just now was no less than that of some late stage Seven Star Dou Emperor attacks. It was definitely no accident that such a tyrannical attack was resisted by a guy in the early stage of Seven Star Dou Emperor.

"When did the dog of the Xuanling royal family become so mad?" Xiao Yan finished speaking, and gently took off the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire from behind, and then said with a gloomy voice.

A monstrous killing intent spread out!

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . . Mobile version reading website: m.