Chapter Vol 4 1290: Stage 1, individual competition!

"Shabu Shabu!" After the three figures of Xiao Yan sank into the door of space, after a few breaths, they suddenly came to the Thunder Realm.

"Tsk tsk, the level of defense of this Thunder Realm, I'm afraid even a four-star Fighting Immortal powerhouse can't break through..." In the gate of space, looking at the Thunder Realm getting closer, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say.

Xiao Yan saw that not far from the gate of space, a circular space slowly enlarged in his pupils, and outside the circular space, countless tyrannical thunder powers were constantly surrounding him, and those thunders actually let him There is a vague feeling of trepidation!

"Is that the Thunder Realm..." Seeing this, Yu Wei on the side also murmured slightly. Don't look at the size of the Thunder Realm at this time, but as the distance approaches, you can immediately find that the area of ​​this Thunder Realm, It was as huge as half of the Eastern Continent!

You must know that Dongzhou has a vast terrain, and this Thunder Realm can actually have half of the Dongzhou area.

"Contestants, please enter the Thunder World from here!"

"Don't rush in, otherwise the power of thunder outside the Thunder Realm will be enough to obliterate any two-star Dou Xian powerhouse." Just as many powerhouses continued to go towards the Thunder Realm without knowing the entrance, there was a shock in the Thunder Realm. The terrifying power of the human heart was slowly released, shaking the hearts of every contestant.

"A four-star fighting immortal powerhouse... This sword-forging Thunder Valley is really a crouching tiger, hiding a dragon." Xiao Yan heard the words, and in a split second, he guessed the strength of the speaker, and couldn't help saying.

"Cut, what is this?"

"If nothing happened to your Xiao clan, and you came to Dou Di Continent from the lower realm, I'm afraid you will jump up in fright when you see your race." The Lord of Soul Eater couldn't bear to see Xiao Yan's appearance. Live smiling.

"Come this way." Naturally, the two Yu Ran Ran daughters didn't know what Xiao Yan was thinking, so they directly pulled Xiao Yan and walked towards the entrance of the Thunder Realm.

"Weng buzzing!" After taking a few breaths, Xiao Yan's three figures slowly came to the entrance of the Thunder Realm, and found that there was a gap in the huge Thunder Realm, and the gap was already protected by dozens of heavily guarded guards. Wake up, these bodyguards, the weakest, actually possess the terrifying strength of a three-star fighting immortal.

"This is the elite unit of Thunder Valley, so it's not surprising to have this strength." Yu Ran Ran said.

"Line up, come one by one." Under the shock of these powerhouses, a thousand-thousand-long line of dragons suddenly stood up in the void.

"Xiao Yan, Yu Ran Ran, Yu Wei!"

"Information confirmation." After about to check and verify the information carefully, the three of Xiao Yan were put into the Thunder Realm.

"Forged Blade Thunder Valley has a deep grievance with the alien race. Because its valley owner once used the power of one person to obliterate an alien race, so the vigilance is naturally so strict."

"After all, there have been some evil people who pretended to be contestants to enter the Thunder Realm. If it hadn't been discovered in time by the sword-forging Thunder Valley experts, I'm afraid this Thunder Realm would have been destroyed." Yu Ran Ran explained.

"So it is." Xiao Yan was relieved when he heard the words, no wonder the inspection was so strict.

"Let's go." After the three of them finished speaking, they immediately passed through the light curtain and slowly entered the Thunder Realm.

"Weng Om!" Just after passing through the entrance of the light curtain, a dazzling white light suddenly appeared, making the two girls unable to open their eyes.

"Welcome all the contestants to the Thunder Realm." The next moment, the dazzling white light dissipated, and a huge square of thousands of meters slowly appeared. At this time, everyone who entered the Thunder Realm was all Each stands on the square.

"Is this the Thunder Realm... the strong fluctuations of Dou Qi, and the stability of this space, I am afraid that the average four-star Dou Xian powerhouse can't break it." Many powerhouses just opened their eyes and said immediately.

"One Star Fighting Immortals...Two Star Fighting Immortals..." And Xiao Yan naturally didn't have time to pay attention to this. As soon as his dazzling soul power was released, many of the powerhouses in this square were immediately discerned by him.

But there is one thing that makes Xiao Yan quite strange, that is, there are thousands of people here, but it is far from tens of thousands. It is just that the thousands of people on the square are basically the younger generation, and the lowest strength is also one. Star Dou Xian!

Everyone listened to the voice and looked up, and suddenly found a burly man full of smiles, standing below zero, smiling at them in a downward attitude.

The master of the forged knife Thunder Valley is also the most powerful person on the entire Eastern Continent today!

Seeing this famous ruthless man appear here, everyone immediately held their breath, because that kind of aura alone was enough to make them surrender.

"This is Leijie Square, and it is also the test site for the first stage of the competition."

"Because there are too many people in this competition, this first stage of competition is divided into three theaters."

"You are here, it's one of the war zones." Forged Knife Thunder Valley smiled slowly, but the lightning flowed on the silver armor, and the silver-gold cloak was messy in the wind, and an aura of hegemony slowly permeated out.

"I don't know, sir, how will the first stage of the competition be conducted?" Among the crowd, there are some daring people with two-star fighting spirits, and they respectfully asked the master of the Thunder Valley Valley.

"The first stage of the competition is really an individual competition."

"At this time, a one-on-one method is adopted, and the decision is made by drawing lots."

"The top three places in each of the three war zones will be selected, and they will be promoted at the same time Forge Sword Thunder Valley smiled slowly.

"What?" As soon as the voice of the master of the sword-forging Thunder Valley fell, the entire square suddenly caused a lot of commotion. This kind of personal promotion is undoubtedly extremely difficult for some auxiliary cultivators among them. .

Three war zones, each war zone decides the top three, but each war zone has thousands of people, and it is not so easy to get the top three places from thousands of people.

"Nine?"

"Where's the other one?" Xiao Yan also had a strange thought flashing in his heart, but he didn't ask.

"The first stage of the competition has already begun. If you are ready, you can just come up and draw lots." The Master of Forge Thunder Valley said with a smile.

After speaking, dozens of guards around him slowly placed wooden boxes one by one in the center of the square. Obviously, the information of everyone in the battle was recorded in the wooden boxes. The battle was conducted by drawing lots.

There are thousands of people here, and many of them are quite powerful, but the strongest is only a two-star Dou Xian, and there is still a long way to go from a three-star Dou Xian.

"I didn't expect this first stage to be so exciting!"

"Individual promotion, I like it!"

"This kind of competition is specially designed for our violent cultivators, hehe." A cheerful voice slowly emerged.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Is it a personal promotion? Well, soul power and many means of fighting soul should also be honed." Xiao Yan also said with relief.