Chapter Vol 4 2058: Ice Essence Fire Spirit Fruit!

The latest website: "Two auction items have been auctioned in succession. I believe that everyone is looking forward to the auction of our medicine family more and more, right?"

"However, this item to be auctioned next is a bit special." After Shun's breath, as the auction of Phoenix Nirvana Pill ended, Yaoyun suddenly opened his mouth, and there was a rare fiery fluctuation in his voice.

"What exactly will this third auction item be?" Immediately, after the embellishment of the two auction items, the ancient five clans, including those who are only second only to the ancient races and the younger generation, have a strong interest. Obviously, the next auction has a fatal attraction for them.

"Phoenix Nirvana Pill was obtained by Xiyue Sect... Is it a late eight-star Dou Xian Shen Xi?" Xiao Yan murmured slightly, and there was also a bold idea in his mind.

In any case, this medicinal pill must be obtained, even if it provokes the entire Xiyue Sect for it.

"Everyone, please see."

"This is the third treasure in this auction."

"Dong dong dong!" This time, Yaoyun patted his palm lightly, and the ground under his feet suddenly cracked, and a milky white light group slowly emerged, completely filling the entire field.

"Severe cold and scorching hot breath?" With the appearance of the light group, even before its full appearance was revealed, countless people in the first three rows of powerhouses, including Xiao Yan, shrank their pupils tightly and couldn't help losing their voices.

"This is a medicinal material. To outsiders, it is extremely common. Perhaps very few people know its name, but I believe that many alchemists present should know it."

"It's the elixir, the ice essence and fire spirit fruit." A short voice slowly poured out of Yaoyun's red lips, but for a while it stirred up a storm.

"what!"

"Ice marrow fire fruit?"

"The legendary elixir?"

"How is that possible?" In an instant, countless strong men couldn't help but take a deep breath, their minds violently rolling over because of Yaoyun's words.

Immortal herbs and immortal medicines belong to the same category of medicinal materials, but medicinal materials of this level already possess the wisdom that is not inferior to human beings, and the medicinal materials themselves are a peerless treasure that cannot be measured by value.

Most importantly, this immortal herbal medicine is an essential medicinal material for refining the eighth-grade holy rank and above.

The holy-rank pharmacist has reached the level of perfection, and the medicinal materials needed have naturally reached a level that is unimaginable for ordinary powerhouses. Even the holy-rank medicinal herbs have unpredictable terrifying powers.

"Squeak." After a short breath, the light around the light group slowly dimmed, and an ice body that was pierced by a sliver of ice picks emerged, and inside it was a red fruit engraved with countless mysterious lines.

The red fruit is like a mass of mud, but even with the isolation of the auction table and the obstruction of the elixir, countless rich life breaths and an extremely large force slowly pour out, indicating the supreme value of this elixir, and even After staring at it for a long time, the excess energy turned into a pink beast dancing around its medicinal materials, which is extremely mysterious!

"This thing is a good thing."

"Elder, it seems that we must make a move."

"The medicinal materials that the clan has prepared now are almost the same. With this immortal medicine, we can ask the clan chief of the medicinal clan to refine the holy elixir and add a strategic foundation to our race." In the front row, two people The figure in black said softly.

The two belonged to the soul clan.

The elder looked indifferent, and there were countless wrinkles on his cheeks, but there was a murderous intention in his gloomy eyes. There was a rather young man beside him. The worms in the worms can't see the light of day.

The second elder of the Soul Clan, Hun Xuzi, the late stage strength of the Eight-Star Dou Xian, and the late-stage Soul Mu, the late-stage strength of the Seven Star Dou Xian who came to participate in the grand ceremony, is a high-level pharmacist.

"This thing, I believe those old guys in the clan will also like it very much, but asking the chief of the medicine clan to refine the holy pills, excluding the huge payment required, the medicinal herbs and prescriptions are a bit painful." Xuzi's dark eyes swept away at the other old men. Once the other elders made a move, he would also do it without hesitation.

"Old Shen, this thing can't be missed..." At the Xiyue Sect, Shen Hong said with a frenzied expression. Although he could not refine holy pills yet, he was confident enough, at least for more than a hundred years. For thousands of years, he can definitely step into the holy rank, so it is also very good to collect medicinal materials in advance.

"Don't worry, this thing is a hot potato, we will wait and see how it changes." The old monster Shen Xi seemed to have gathered a lot of his arrogance because he had just won the Phoenix Nirvana Pill, so he was not ready to take action this time.

"Senior Shi Chen, this thing... do you think we need to take action?" In the direction of the Stone Clan, a man with a simple face couldn't help but said to the old man with his eyes closed in front of him. The old man's body was as deep as a mountain. An unfathomable terrifying aura emerged, terrifying.

"Well, look at me." The old man Shi Chen opened his eyes, and an unfathomable and profound aura emerged like a vast ocean.

The Great Emperor Shi Chen of the Stone Clan, the late eight-star fighting immortal, is said to have a very high status among the Stone Clan, and he has learned extremely well, and his strength is enough to rank in the top five of the Stone Clan. Seven Star Fighting Immortal late stage!

On the other side, in the location of the Spiritual Race, there is an old woman and a lonely and proud shadow.

"Teacher, it seems it's time for us to act." The woman in the back whispered, leaning gently beside the old man.

"I know the little baby." After hearing this, the spirit clan elder returned to the auction table.

Lingxi, the old Lingxi, the strength of the eight-star fighting immortal in the late stage, and the mastery of Lingxi fighting skills, even in the face of some ordinary eight-star fighting immortals, they are not afraid at all. Shangling Zixi, the late stage strength of Seven Star Fighting Immortals!

Thunder Clan.

"Lord Thunder King We must not miss this thing." The descendant of the Thunder Clan said slightly.

"En." The voice fell, and the deep eyes of the old Lei Clan were locked on the auction table.

Lei Clan, Thunder King Lei Qianren, Eight Star Dou Xian late stage strength, known as one of the most powerful Thunder attribute attacking people in the clan, can be said to be the real representative of Lei Clan, plus Lei Luochen, Seven Star Dou Xian late stage strength .

The last one was the Huo Clan who had just harmed Xiao Yan and the others.

Ancestor Huoyun, the strength of the eight-star fighting immortal in the late stage, the strength is extremely terrifying. Yan Xuan.

At this moment, the ancient five clans, plus some arrogant people, also took the most intense bidding for this peerless elixir. For a time, the atmosphere of the entire auction hall was like ignited explosives. just burn!

full book