Chapter Vol 4 1554: The embarrassed cliff guard!

"There... should be the purpose of our trip."

"The Mansion of Ten Thousand Fire Sect." After a short while, the two of Xiao Yan stepped on the endless rocks and slowly came to a fairly flat open space below the top of the Yan Furnace Cliff.

"Let's go, enter the sect." After a while, Xiao Gui said with a smile, obviously they have come to the bottom of the cliff, and it is only a matter of time before entering the Ten Thousand Fire Sect.

The Ten Thousand Fire Sect stands on the top of a huge cliff, and the huge mansion is located on the cliff, which symbolizes its good heritage, and the tyrannical atmosphere emanating from it is suffocating.

"Wait first..." When Xiao Yan saw this, he smiled undeniably. Obviously, he could sense that there seemed to be some hidden aura from the edge of the cliff in front of the two, so he grabbed Xiao Gui. .

"Big brother..." Xiao Gui said suspiciously.

"You see that there are some strange-shaped cliffs all around. Why is this cliff so huge, and there are no rocks within tens of meters around it?"

"And you can see that this cliff is round as a whole, and there is no road to enter the top of the cliff at all. With the forbidden air, we can't easily enter."

"Myriad Fire Sect's mansion is located on the top of the cliff. If we want to enter it from the ground, I am afraid there is some secret." Xiao Yan glanced around.

"But we came here on the orders of the headmaster of the Spiritual Academy. Even if the Ten Thousand Fire Sect is very courageous, I'm afraid they wouldn't dare to stop us like this..." Xiao Gui heard that, and immediately realized the seriousness of the matter, his eyes kept on Yanluya glanced around.

"It seems that we haven't taken up the post for a long time. The powerhouse of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect has some small opinions." Xiao Yan also glanced around. They are already in the core area of ​​Yanluya, and they have entered the Ten Thousand Fire Sect. The key is probably also among the largest cliffs in this Flame Furnace Cliff.

"Boom!"

"Kacha Kacha!" In an instant, small cracks appeared in the cliff in front of Xiao Yan and the two of them, and a figure suddenly emerged from the inside of the cliff out of thin air.

The man revealed an extremely violent aura all over his body, like a violent soul beast, but his age and strength were similar to Xiao Gui. Obviously, this guy should be the cliff guard who guards Yanluya.

"Why did the two of you trespass into our Ten Thousand Fire Sect's territory without authorization?" The young man just appeared, his fingers suddenly bent, and pointed at Xiao Yan, his tyrannical aura was undoubtedly on display!

In the Central Territory, there are many sects, and they are constantly competing with each other, so they have also divided their own territories. If there is no peer manual to rush into it, I am afraid that it will be counterattacked.

"No." Looking at the young man who didn't know why he could be suspended in mid-air on the cliff, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, the stone tablet slowly emerged in his hand, and suddenly shot him away.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the stone tablet with the word fire slowly appeared in the young man's hand, and the guy frowned suddenly, wondering.

"This is... the access stone of our Wan Huo Sect?"

"However, I remember this token, but the Lord Sect Master sent it to the Lingyuan, and let the token brought by the strong man who manages our Ten Thousand Fire Sect, how could it be in their hands?" After a while, the young man stared at Xiao vigilantly. The two flames.

After a short while, with the strength of his three-star Dou Xian perfection, he also discovered the two guys in front of him. One of them is similar in strength to himself, but the leader's strength is only in the late three-star Dou Xian, which makes the young man quite puzzled. After all, in Tingfeng Pavilion, which is not far from their sect, there is a disciple of the four-star Dou Xian early stage to manage. Their Myriad Fire Sect’s strength is similar to Tingfeng Pavilion. If you are dissatisfied, you shouldn't send two three-star fighting immortals here.

"You two!"

"Where did this stone card come from?" At that time, the young man's eyes narrowed, and then he stared at the two on the ground with a fierce look. Obviously, after thinking about it, he felt that these two guys were impersonating!

"The two of us were sent by the Spiritual Academy to assist your Sect Master in managing the Ten Thousand Fire Sect." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"What nonsense!"

"A mere three-star fighting immortal, also trying to pretend to be the manager of the Spiritual Academy?"

"Wait until I capture you and hand it over to the Lingyuan, and see how you can quibble!" As soon as the voice fell, green flames appeared on the young man, and a burst of dazzling flames slowly came out, even in the flames of Yanluya. Against the background, it looks very bright.

"Brother, get out of the way." Just as Xiao Yan was about to make a move, Xiao Gui took the lead.

"Boom!" The overwhelming ghost energy emerged from Xiao Gui's body, and then wrapped around his body. Without any hesitation, his entire body turned into a black bow and shot at the young man. Its power is strong. , I am afraid that the three-star Dou Xian perfection powerhouse can only eat and walk around!

"Ghost energy?" The young man couldn't help exclaiming when he saw this, but the green flames on his body also burst into a terrifying high temperature, and then tried to resist Xiao Gui's attack.

"Bang bang bang!" The energy beams they turned into just collided, and their bodies instantly flew away. Xiao Gui's figure returned to Xiao Yan as if nothing was wrong. As for the young man, he was facing the side in an extremely embarrassed manner The cliff fell away, knocking down several cliffs in a row before it calmed down.

"Brother, am I going to be a little too ruthless?" Xiao Gui couldn't help but said, looking at the extremely embarrassed young man who was hit by himself in such a tragic state.

"You've done a good job The Myriad Fire Sect has a lot of opinions on us. We should teach them a lesson, otherwise we won't be able to look down on them, so how can we talk about management." Xiao Yan said with satisfaction.

The strength of this young man is the same as that of Xiao Gui, but the concentration of ghost energy on Xiao Gui's body far exceeds that of a powerhouse of the same level. In addition, the young man underestimates the enemy, so he has suffered such a disastrous defeat.

"Hey, eldest brother, you also said that you don't know how to manage, but this trick of yours is really second." Xiao Gui also secretly rejoiced when he heard the words.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan smiled knowingly. It seems that on the Dou Qi Continent, although there are many people who have been in charge of being in charge, but somehow, he also knows a little about management.

"Bang bang bang!" Several small cliffs around Yanluya were directly smashed by the young man, the rocks were broken, and a deafening voice sounded, and the young man's breath and figure also seemed extremely embarrassed.

"Lead the way."

"Otherwise, if I make a move, it will not be so simple." After a while, Xiao Yan's voice suddenly appeared in the ears of the young man. Even in this voice, there was a strange power that shook the soul. The young man heard the words and immediately He was shocked, he did not doubt the authenticity of this matter at all!

"Yes... yes!" The embarrassed man hurriedly climbed up from the ground, and did not dare to defy Xiao Yan and the two. After all, how could he know that this seemingly harmless guy with a smile on his face might be the two of them? The most terrifying of them all.