Chapter Vol 4 1905: A must-lose game?

The latest website: Tianyuan battlefield, at this time, an extremely dangerous atmosphere has permeated out. In the depths, the power emanating from the black army of monsters is probably enough to make a strong person in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortal feel fearful.

"Kacha Kacha!" With a sound, above the sky, the cracks in the void squirmed, and monsters with clear eyes emerged from the cracks in the void, and these figures were the remaining five hundred monsters and nine wolf generals.

"Lord Wolf General...Is this the so-called doomsday?" For a time, five hundred figures were arranged in the void one after another, looking at the huge army below, unable to see the end at a glance, some monsters smiled slowly, There was no fear in his voice, instead there was a hint of relief.

The terrifying phalanx formed by an army of monsters of the order of 100,000 completely wraps the entire depths of the Tianyuan battlefield. I am afraid that on the barren land, there are several monsters standing on every meter and six. Among the monsters, there are many flower monsters. Snake monsters and many suspicious monsters, they are waiting in full force, without any slack, the degree of concentration is probably no less than the real corpse pile.

At this moment, this area is filled with colorful demonic energy rising into the sky, and the dust is billowing, corroding this world without any anger!

As early as in the space channel, they understood today's situation, but they didn't expect it to be so fast.

The space passage that Xiao Yan gave them was just a condensed form of his own space shuttle handprint, which could be entered for a short period of time to take refuge, but during the refuge, no space movement could be performed, etc.

"Nine adults..." At this moment, the eyes of five hundred monsters were scarlet, obviously the meaning of the words was obvious. Looking at the army of 100,000 monsters that blocked all retreats below, I couldn't help but scalp tingling!

"kill!"

"I swear to defend our country of ten thousand demons and Lord Heisha Longlang!" After a while, Xuan Yuan's eyes shrank tightly, and his deafening voice was released.

"Hahaha!"

"A group of defeated generals!"

"Let Ben be able to completely obliterate you in the future!" With a cold snort, a cat-shaped monster with a burly body and a rancid aura from his body jumped out.

"The Scale Demon Legion, these guys will be handed over to you, enjoy!" At this time, the evil eye demon king sat on the top of the tent slightly, and snorted coldly, these little shrimps obviously need to be done by themselves or the demon handsome.

"All dead!" After receiving the approval of the evil-eyed demon king, the cat demon general with a rancid smell on his body shook his head, and a terrifying roar broke out. The roar alone made these guys shudder.

A harsh roar emerged, and immediately behind the cat demon general, thousands of scale demons flashed colorful scales, and countless roars emerged, like violent primitive beasts attacking the mysterious ape and others above the void.

"Bulwark of the Wind!"

"Lake of Fire!"

"..."

"Rock statue!" When the thousands of monsters came to kill them like wild beasts, the nine monster generals moved. The hurricane also intercepted hundreds of beasts, and finally a dark yellow rock fell from the sky and hit them. The terrifying aura of the nine demon generals and hundreds of demon beasts made the black army of demon beasts unable to bear it. Palpitations.

In just a few minutes before and after, the thousands of beasts led by the Scale Demon Legion's generals were beaten by the tacit cooperation of Xuan Yuan and others!

"Oh..." Looking at this scene, looking at the terrifying fighting power of the five hundred demon beasts and nine demon generals above the void that seemed to go crazy, among the 100,000 army, many high-level executives had their eyes loose and muttered. .

"Kill them for me!" At this time, Lin Shuai snorted in exasperation. The Scale Demon Legion ranks second among the three major legions, and it would be beaten by such an incompetent monster army. For him, it was a shame.

"Nine demon generals..." Just when everyone was surprised, among the scale demon army, the head of the demon general flew out, and every step carried endless demonic energy, galloping above the void.

"What?" The nine demon generals were also surprised by the sudden cold and demonic aura, and immediately drank it coldly.

"Turn it into my food." The nine demon generals just turned their heads, and suddenly a ferocious snake head, carrying a deadly monster venom, flashed out.

"not good!"

"Go back!" Seeing this, Xuan Yuan hurriedly shouted. In order to deal with the thousands of beasts, their nine demon generals had already unleashed their all-out blow, causing this seven-star fighting immortal perfection level demon beast to be silent. Approaching them, the nine know nothing!

The deadly venom on this snake monster is probably enough to seriously injure them, and once they are defeated, I am afraid that the hundreds of elites who are fighting to the death behind them are also...

"Die." A creepy voice came from the ears of the nine people, accompanied by the venomous liquid of the snake demon beast, slowly wrapping the bodies of the nine of them.

"Lord Demon Generals!" Seeing that the nine demon generals were so easily bound by snake demons, if the deadly venom eroded their skin, I'm afraid this time...

"I'm sorry everyone..." At this moment, a sense of weakness came from Xuan Yuan's body. He turned his head with difficulty, and found that the hundreds of monsters fighting **** below did not have any blame in their eyes. Their eyes were scarlet, Even if they are covered in bruises, they are coming towards the void, trying to rescue the nine of them!

And his eyes turned, looking at the eight people around him, like himself, who were weakly entangled by the huge body of the snake monster, and a pool of monster venom was suspended in front of them, and it felt like playing with their lives.

"That's..." I don't know if it was an illusion before death or a real existence. Suddenly, in this battlefield, a dazzling flame of dawn illuminated the whole world.

"Pfft!" With one foot, a flaming foot shadow wrapped in amber light, kicked it hard, and suddenly the tyrannical figure of the snake monster turned towards the barren land in a rather embarrassing arc. !

The snake demon seems to have a smug smile hanging from the corner of his mouth At this time, several of his ribs were directly kicked off, and his breath suddenly became endangered. It seems that the kick just now has taken all his vitality. , directly obliterate!

In its Shekou, countless **** blood gushed out, and the Shekou trembled slightly, as if telling something. With the last bit of strength, he slowly raised his eyes and looked at the black sky that was also standing above the void at this time, like a shining sun. The man in shirt, an unstoppable terrifying oppression swept over.

"This... what is this?" For a time, the 100,000 monster army below looked at this figure in the void, and a trace of tremor swept out uncontrollably. It seemed that this guy was the real sanction. By!

The chilling aura on his body, the murderous intent of the evil spirit, makes people shudder!

This climax is a bit hard to write

go out and get some air

fourth later

see you tomorrow