Chapter Vol 4 1214: peculiar tier 9

"what?"

"On the eighth floor?"

"A soul beast whose strength is comparable to that of a human being's three-star battle of immortals?" But listening to the little girl's understatement, everyone present couldn't help frowning.

The reason why the tenth floor is so simple is because there is Jade Legacy, a powerhouse in the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, but the ninth floor may not be so easy.

As for the eighth floor, it will undoubtedly be more difficult. After all, Ice and Fire Island is more difficult as it goes down.

"I won't lie to you, I have used my soul power to go to these floors, so I am clear." The little girl Luyin said slightly.

"Then, let's go."

"The entrance is here, let's go to the ninth floor first." Shuiyue found a passage not far from the blue seal boulder and said.

"I... I want to follow you." Seeing Yu Yifeng and the others moving quickly, Luyin couldn't help but open her eyes and said slowly to Xiao Yan and the others.

"Don't follow us, since you are free, then go out by yourself." Yu Yifeng snorted coldly and said.

Obviously, the people who can be imprisoned in the Ice and Fire Island are all villains, I can't believe it.

"I was imprisoned here. Unlike you, I can't come and go freely. I can only follow you as a challenger. If I fail, I will be teleported out." Luyin looked at the crowd and explained.

"It's better to let her follow us. After all, she is relatively familiar with the Ice and Fire Island." Xiao Yan defended him.

"Okay, but if you make trouble, we will be the first to forgive you." Yu Yifeng said fiercely to Luyin.

"Big brother, thank you." Luyin jumped to Xiao Yan's side and smiled.

"There seems to be something particularly terrifying on this guy." Luyin just got close to Xiao Yan, and suddenly felt an inexplicable and tyrannical pressure hit, she couldn't help but take a few steps back.

"Let's go." After everyone said a word, they went straight to the ninth floor.

Ice and Fire Island, in the third-layer guardian space.

"Eagle, why did you trespass into my territory without authorization?" At the top of the huge mountain range, a splendid cave stood out, and in the cave, an angry voice that could see the world slowly swept through this space. .

"Respected king, I have something to tell you. The people who broke into the Ice and Fire Island this time seem to have come to a few interesting people." The black shadow, who was suddenly called an eagle, said slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This black shadow is actually the same as a human being, but the dark aura on its body is too strong, so ordinary people can't find it.

"Interesting person?" The creature in the cave heard the words, but the angry voice slowly quieted down, because it was clear that it could be called an interesting human being by the eagle in front of it, so it would definitely not be a simple human being.

Because this eagle is the guardian of the fourth floor, his strength has reached the peak.

"There are seven of them, one of them is of the light system, and should be a member of the Holy See, and I see that the girl's aura is not weak, and it should be a very important person in the Holy See." The black figure said.

"People from the Holy See?" The voice in the cave opened slowly, and the voice was full of shock.

Although the name and strength of the Holy See is not in the ghost world, but in the human world, its strength is also one of the best in the entire Great Thousand World.

"There is another person worth noting. He has a very hot aura. I guess, that should be..."

"Holy flame." The eagle-mouthed man spoke slightly, his voice full of enthusiasm.

"Holy Flame?" When the eagle-mouthed man said this, the creatures in the cave suddenly collapsed, and the space shook violently!

As the guardian of the third floor, he is one of the best kings in the Ice and Fire Island, but he has some dark diseases in his body, which can only be cured by holy flames!

If one of the guys who entered Ice and Fire Island this trip really possesses holy flame, then his injury can be solved!

"Although this guy is only at the early stage of One Star Fighting Immortal, there seems to be something hidden in his body that can make me feel uneasy." The Eagle Mouth figure pondered.

"Well?" The next moment, the creatures in the cave lost their voices after hearing the words of the black figure.

"Do I need to tell the king on the first and second floors?" Looking at the contemplative situation in the cave, the hawk-mouthed man couldn't help but say.

"Don't rush to tell them first."

"After all, the guy on the first floor is a lunatic." When he was mentioned to the guy on the first and second floors, even as the guardian of the third floor, this guy still had lingering fears.

"Go back, don't tell anyone about this."

"I have my own way, and after it's done, I won't treat you badly." The huge creature in the cave spoke slowly.

"Yes." The eagle-mouthed man heard the words and disappeared back to his fourth floor in an instant.

"The guy on the first floor, I remember that he was the subordinate of the Lord of Soul Eater. When the Lord of Soul Eater disappeared, all the spearheads pointed to the Lord of Soul Li. This guy knew that he couldn't beat the Lord of Soul Li, but he still ignored it. , for this reason, he slaughtered a lot of strong people in Li Soul Domain, and finally provoked the Lord of Li Soul to take action, and he was directly arrested and imprisoned here."

"But why is there a vague sense of unease in my heart, is it an illusion?" There was a voice of doubt in the cave.

On the other side, Xiao Yan's figure of eight people also came to the ninth floor to guard the space where they were.

The guardian space on the ninth floor is different from the tenth floor. This time it turned out to be a circular space.

The space is filled with countless huge rocks, and each rock seems to have a trace of strange power. Even these rocks seem to be chaotic, but according to Xiao Yan's perception, there is a certain pattern. Arranged together!

The whole space stretched for thousands of miles, but it was completely surrounded by khaki rocks, as if there was an invisible pressure permeating everyone's heart.

"What is this..." Just after entering the strange space on the ninth floor, Yu Xiaoye suddenly felt that her strength was being suppressed, and a heavy touch appeared in her heart.

"Be careful, if I expected it right, this should be a formation!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's eyes became deep, and he stared intently at a certain place in the space, where there seemed to be slight energy fluctuations.

"Boom!" And under Xiao Yan's actions, the boulder that was standing quietly, actually moved slowly!

"No, hurry up!" When Xiao Yan saw these boulders moving, he couldn't help but shout!

Because of Xiao Yan's huge soul power, he was placed on top of the arrangement of these rocks, and he felt a huge pressure!

Xiao Yan did not dare to doubt that if they were imprisoned by this formation, the situation for all of them would be quite dangerous!

I finished the exam today

There is another class in the afternoon