Chapter Vol 4 1049: Leave, we are the champions!

The teleportation formation in Blood River Town.

The place was already overcrowded, because the powerhouses of their respective super sects were here waiting for the disciples of their sects to leave the blood river safely, and then lead them back to their respective sects.

"Someone has come out!" I don't know who said it, and suddenly the hearts of many experts who were waiting outside the huge formation were flashing.

The light of the teleportation formation suddenly flickered, and then hundreds of figures emerged from it. Among the figures, most of them were equipped with swords on their backs, and some were also muscular.

"It's the guy from the Ancient Desolate Palace and Wanjianmen!" Some of the discerning people said directly.

"Hahaha, it seems that your Ancient Desolate Palace and Wanjianmen came to the bottom of the sect competition this time." A beautiful woman on the other side said slowly.

In the sect competition, regardless of life or death, the main thing is to leave the blood river. The first one to leave the blood river is undoubtedly the bottom, and the last one to leave is undoubtedly the real champion.

"How can these guys come out first..." However, the leaders of the two forces of the Ancient Desolate Palace and Wanjianmen obviously ignored these things, and their eyes were all on the silhouette that just emerged.

Those figures all have large and small scars on their bodies, and even their breath is not stable. It is obvious that they have experienced some kind of war.

"Aren't the people from the Burning Incense Pavilion and the Xuanling Royal Family here..." Jian Xin took the brunt of the brunt, glanced around at the people outside the formation, and then spoke.

"Let's go back separately first, the news inside is still not suitable to be released. After all, no one knows what the Xuanling royal family is doing..."

"When Xiao Yan and the others come out, these news will naturally come out." Feng Lin from the Ancient Desolate Hall shook his head.

"The disciples of the two forces of you and I have also suffered losses. I also intend to return to the sect." Jian Xin laughed, and immediately took the remaining disciples and went to the strong of their sect.

And with the departure of the two forces of the Ancient Desolate Palace and Wanjianmen, the other powerhouses here are all slightly wrinkled, because with their strength, it is naturally not difficult to find that the two forces are actually tough Shengsheng lost a quarter!

The Ancient Wilderness Hall and Wanjianmen are the leaders among the super sects. Such a tyrannical sect has lost many disciples, and the men and horses of other super sects may be at risk.

After the people from Ancient Desolate Hall and Wanjianmen left, people from other forces poured out one after another, but they were all the same as the two forces. Stop and go back to their respective sects.

When they returned to their respective sects, the disciples who participated in the sect competition dared to tell their respective sect powerhouses what happened in the sect competition, and the super sect powerhouses couldn't help but face a big face when they heard the words. Change, because they know that if this is the case, I am afraid that Xuan Santian will soon change.

The residence of Burning Incense Pavilion in Blood River Town.

"Everyone knows about it, right?" Zhu Jin sat on the top of the table, frowning from time to time, smiling from time to time, uncertain.

"Mu Tianyuan sent the information back... but this information is a bit shocking."

"The entire Xuanling royal family who participated in the sect competition... all annihilated!" But Mu Xuzi below smiled slowly, with a rare pride in his voice, because all these successes originated from Xiao Yan, and He Mu Xuzi can also be regarded as Xiao Yan's teacher.

"Yeah, all destroyed!"

"In the past, only the Xuanling royal family killed the disciples of our Fenxiang Pavilion. I can't think of being beaten back by this kid Xiao Yan. It's really heartwarming." Zhu Jin laughed.

"Yintong has also been found, and this pavilion master's heart has finally been solved."

"But what we didn't expect was that the Xuanling Emperor Canyon had such a deep collusion with the foreign evil races..."

"And the most distressing thing is Senior Yan Chi..." Mu Xuzi on the side shook his head, and the smile just now gradually solidified.

"It's good to find Yin Tong, but Yan Chi is being controlled by the evil clan outside the territory. This is probably a conspiracy that the Xuanling royal family has planned for a long time." After a while, the one next to Mu Xuzi looked at him. Shaking his head slightly, this guy is the Hall Master of the Fenxiang Pavilion, the White Fang with the strength of a half-immortal!

"The most urgent task now is to find a way to safely return our disciples to the pavilion. All the disciples of the Xuanling royal family will be wiped out. I'm afraid these guys won't let it go." Xiong Yuan, who was below, said slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Joke, the sect competition is a life-and-death fight. Their Xuanling royal family killed many of our Fenxiang Pavilion disciples in the past. This time we finally took a breath, do they still dare to tell if they can't do it?" Hearing this, Mu Xuzi was furious.

"Haha, Brother Mu, don't be impatient."

"The pavilion master has sent back the news to protect Xiao Yan." Zhu Jin said slowly.

"Is this true?" Mu Xuzi couldn't help being shocked when he heard the words. He knew that Fen Tian's words undoubtedly represented the force field of the entire Fenxiang Pavilion.

"It's absolutely true." Zhu Jin said.

"Send someone to watch the teleportation formation, and once our incense burning disciples appear, they will pick them up immediately." Zhu Jin Zaidu said.

"Is this too impatient?" said White Fang, the master of the Human Palace.

"The sect is smaller than the trial. Xiao Yan seems to have slaughtered Xuanmu, the third prince of the Xuanling royal family. I am afraid that the Xuanling royal family will use this as an excuse..." Zhu Jin explained.

"This little guy... It's really worrying."

"But I like it." After the Hall Master said, everyone fell silent, always paying attention to the movement of the teleportation formation in the ~ the residence of the Xuanling royal family in Xuehe Town.

"Our disciples are all destroyed..."

"I'm afraid that the matter of the evil race outside the territory has been exposed, what should I do?" In the hall, some elders couldn't help but say.

"Everyone, don't be impatient."

"These things, my king will naturally handle them well."

"Our top priority now is to catch the murderer who killed our disciples of the Xuanling royal family." Qin Tian, ​​who was sitting in the first place, said slowly.

Ever since the Zongmen competition began, all the members of the Dragon Addiction Legion have quietly come to Blood River Town.

"The sect competition is a life-and-death battle. If there is no suitable excuse, I'm afraid..." Ye Mo said in a low voice.

"Hey, it's not that there are no excuses..." Qin Tian said with a gloomy smile, just as the laughter fell, a thin man appeared directly.

"I...I saw Xiao Yan kill the third prince Xuanmu with my own eyes!" The thin man said slowly.

"In that case, let's wait for the good news."

"Once the people of Fenxiang Pavilion leave the blood river, they will be arrested immediately!" And Qin Tian also smiled slowly, with that kind of power, his strength has reached the real fighting immortal, and Ye Mo has also reached the half immortal. , and even other members of the other dragon-loving legions, all of which have entered the level of the Nine-Star Dou Emperor.

And in Xuehejian outside Xuehe Town, which was shrouded in conspiracy, Xiao Yan also woke up slightly.

.. m.