Chapter Vol 4 1180: Consumes undead material

"Your Excellency, you are so trespassing in my ghost king city, and you won't give me an explanation?" Dead Wind's figure instantly caught up with Hunhao, appeared in front of him, and then smiled grimly.

"Little beast!"

"Hun Wuya is a dignified soul, with the perfect strength of the two-star fighting immortals, how could it be killed by someone, how is this possible..." Hun Hao came to the place where Xiao Yan and Hun Wuya had just fought. Staring gloomily at this small hill, he couldn't help roaring.

Soul Wuya is the weakest of the twelve souls, but his strength has reached the level of two-star Dou Xian perfection. Even if he has just been seriously injured by Yugan, self-protection should not be a problem, but how did he fall... …

And what's more important, it is this guy who has an immortal leaf on his body!

Now, with the fall of Hun Wuya, the undead leaves also disappeared, which made Hun Hao quite angry.

"Get away from me!" Soul Hao Qi didn't come out, he waved it directly, and the terrifying black qi strong wind attacked the death wind.

"Bang bang bang." When Death Wind saw this, he waved the same, and suddenly a silver hurricane brewed out.

Although Death Feng's strength is only a two-star Douxian, he has a real trump card in his hand, even if he is dealing with a three-star Dou Xian.

"Who is it!" Hunhao still roared.

They left the ghost kingdom to go here. Naturally, they got the news of the undead leaves, so they were ready to take it away, but they didn't expect this scene to happen.

"This guy, why is he so emotional?" Dead Wind was also immobile, thinking.

"This deity has no time to play with you!"

"Susu!" After Hunhao finished speaking, he instantly turned into a meteor and fled away into the distance. Naturally, Death Wind couldn't catch up with him.

"Ugh……"

"It seems that the strength and background of these two guys are a bit scary. We have to report this matter as soon as possible." Seeing this, Dead Wind shook his head slightly, and then went back the same way.

There is a reason why Soul Hao didn't take action against Death Feng. Although Soul Hao's strength in the early stage of three-star fighting immortals, Death Wind is only the strength of two-star fighting fairy, but there is some hidden aura in Death Wind, so Soul Hao has no certainty of victory. Naturally, he did not dare to act rashly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Not to mention that the murderer who killed Soul Wuya is probably still nearby, and it would not be a good thing to kill the two-star Douxian Perfectionist.

With the separation of Hun Hao and Death Wind, the place has returned to calm, but aside, the battle of the Baihe people still continues.

"What secret does this undead leaf hold..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask Soul Eater on the way not long after he left.

Xiao Yan knew that the undead leaf must have something to do with the undead nymph, but now the undead nymph has been sealed by himself, it is no different from falling into a deep sleep, so he can only ask the Lord of Soul Eater.

"I don't know what this undead leaf does, but I vaguely remember that it is an indispensable thing to swallow the undead fire." The Soul Eater tried to recall, and it took a few minutes before he choked out such a sentence.

"Now that the Immortal Nether Sparrow and the Immortal Leaf are in hand, and the immortal fire is likely to exist in the ghost world, it seems that it is time to prepare to devour the material of the immortal fire." Xiao Yan couldn't help but said.

"There are not many materials needed to devour the undead fire. There are only two kinds, namely the undead leaves and the ice mysterious pill." The Soul Eater is knowledgeable and knows the power of the undead fire, and these two materials are impressively Soul Eater knew it by chance.

"Is the undead leaf really so magical?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking.

"I don't know the specific effect of the undead leaf, but the power of ice in the ice cage outside it, I believe you have already felt it?" The Soul Eater asked.

"It's very strong, and I'm afraid I can't open it at all with the current me." Xiao Yan shook his head.

"This undead leaf is a life-saving thing for you to touch the undead leaf."

"The top 30 and the top 20 in the holy flame list are not the same level of flame."

"If you don't have the protection of undead leaves, let alone swallowing, I'm afraid you won't even have a chance to get close." The Lord of Soul Eater said lightly.

"And what about blind pills?" With the immortal leaves already in hand, Xiao Yan naturally wasn't worried, so he asked.

"The Ice Profound Pill, whose rank ranks fifth in the Immortal Rank, is the best means of protection for you to swallow the undead fire."

"Its materials are divided into heart-suppressing grass, a magic core with the strength of a human three-star fighting immortal, and a thousand-year-old mysterious ice under the deep sea." The indifferent voice of the Soul Eater, but it was going to Tianlei in Xiao Yan. There was a slow explosion in my mind.

Heart-suppressing grass?

This kind of thing is said to have the mysterious effect of calming the mind and meditation, and it can even resist a lot of venom, so it got this name, but because it is too precious, it has always been priceless on the market!

Take Ghost King City as an example, if there is a heart-suppressing grass, it will probably be hyped up to a sky-high price. Just measured by money, it is on the level of hundreds of millions!

Let's talk about the magical beasts with the strength of Samsung Fighting Immortals.

This is the ghost world, and the demon core is naturally called the soul core, but its essence is the same.

But this is what gave Xiao Yan the most headache.

After the soul beast's strength broke through Dou Xian, the strength has made a qualitative leap, and even some soul beasts have been converted to human beings, which makes people stupidly unclear.

However, if you want to kill a three-star fighting immortal-level soul beast, it may be difficult. After all, there is no one to be offended by a soul beast in the realm of fighting immortals.

And that last thing, Xiao Yan had never even heard of it.

Thousand years of mysterious ice in the deep ~ The deep sea has always been a forbidden area for human beings. Ordinary human beings enter the deep sea, and the limit is a few hundred meters, but the birthplace of this thousand-year-old mysterious ice is standing in the deep sea. within kilometers.

There are countless powerful abilities in the deep sea. The deeper you dive, the easier it is to get into trouble.

Undoubtedly, although the first two ingredients of the Ice Profound Pill are difficult, there are still traces to be found, but this last item is no different from finding a needle in a haystack.

"Don't be discouraged, little guy, let's take one step at a time." Soul Eater seemed to sense what Xiao Yan was thinking, and said.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also knew that it was not a matter of a day or two to prepare the materials to devour the immortal fire, and immediately laughed.

Xiao Yan didn't believe it, he couldn't solve it himself!

"It's almost time for the ghost king city. In the next time, we must work hard to improve our strength. When the time is right, we must swallow the fighting spirit. In addition, we must find a way to advance to the Immortal Rank Alchemist."

"In this way, I am afraid that we will be able to win in this crouching tiger, hidden dragon's ghost Tiandongzhou." Xiao Yan thought to himself.

"Let's not rush back first, there seems to be a good show over there, go and see." After the Lord of Soul Eater finished speaking, he immediately hid his breath, and Xiao Yan's figure also took off his black robe, revealing his original appearance, thus towards the battlefield.

This month, we are still taking high-level chip and English exams, so the update is still twice a day, at 12:00 in the morning and 18:00 in the afternoon.

And about the great god, I am so busy every day that I forgot to answer the question, my fault, I'm sorry everyone

End of this chapter