Chapter Vol 4 2239: Spatial Intelligence Sales Building!

As time passed, it was close to two years.

Since the evil thoughts in the elves' lair have completely fallen, the elders and other fire elves who have been closed to it have left here one after another, and in the realm of the sea of ​​​​the sky, the power of the elves has become unprecedentedly tyrannical.

After some preparations, Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan did not rashly alert them because of their retreat.

However, because of Xiao Yan, the Fire Elf and the various races of the elves held a high-level meeting and decided to form a friendship with the Endless Fire Territory. The two forces have also negotiated a lot in secret, and the relationship can be said to be extremely strong now.

In the second wooden house of the ancient elf tree, there are many strong people, such as the elder Eliza, the princess Qianqin, the little Irina, and so on.

After a year of seclusion, Xiao Yi successfully stepped into the peak of the reincarnation rank, and it was just around the corner to advance to the first rank. She withdrew safely from the Yaoji statue, but Xiao Yan did not make any movement. Now that she has passed a year, still So, if it wasn't for Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan having some subtle feelings, I really thought that something went wrong with this guy...

In the room, there is a light pattern formation in the center, which is obviously used to connect the elves' lair. Once Xiao Yan leaves the customs, he will be directly teleported here.

"Second brother, it's been two years."

Today's Xiao Yi has a rare arrogance on her handsome cheeks. Obviously, the position of the elf clan's patriarch has been firmly established.

The perception of the reincarnation seal in his body has also become more thorough, and even the embryo of the holy flame has turned into a very violent brown flame under the guidance of the goddess Yaoji and the power of reincarnation.

The elves call this flame the elf source fire, which is used to symbolize and commemorate this catastrophe. The power of this brown flame is extremely terrifying. When it grows up, it will be enough to compete with the holy flame, which ranks about fifteenth on the holy flame list. higher.

After all, this holy flame formed by swallowing countless different fires is too rare and rare.

"Yao Ji Ziyan's power is extremely huge, I don't know if the second brother will be able to step into reincarnation with this."

Lina, who was beside her, blinked her eyes and said immediately.

"I see it hard..."

"The reason why Xiao Yi was able to completely enter the peak of reincarnation, rather than quasi-reincarnation, is because of the guidance of the goddess Yaoji, and Xiao Yan is a human after all, and is essentially different from our elves. Stepping into reincarnation requires a kind of A very mysterious "reincarnation"."

The first elder Eliza shook her head and said, she couldn't be more clear about this kind of thing.

"Wong buzzing!"

Just as everyone was talking, the light formation in front of them suddenly surged, and a slender figure stepped out step by step. At the same time, an extremely gentle aura swept out like the rising sun.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Second brother?"

Looking at the figure in front of him, several people present spoke one after another, and it was difficult to conceal a touch of ecstasy and envy in their voices.

"What the elder said is very true, the reincarnation is still a little short."

Xiao Yan laughed heartily, then shook his head.

After swallowing Wulu's Purple Spiritual Flame, the holy flames were still noisy with the mysterious witchcraft power of the goddess Yaoji, and then he fused the four holy flames as the core, and created a new kind of magic. New holy flame.

Soul Shaman's Heart Fire!

It is a new flame that combines five holy flames!

Wulu Zilingyan ranked tenth, Immortal Flame ranked seventeenth, Immortal Flame ranked eighteenth, Ghost Face Soul Flame ranked twenty-fourth, and Huoxin Tianyanyan ranked thirty-fifth!

I lost half of the ethereal ice flames, but because of this, I got a complete fusion of five holy flames. Now the power of the new flames is already comparable to some holy flames ranked ninth and eighth!

Even that Fen Jue, who had been stagnant, actually broke through to the category of intermediate-level immortal art for the first time in the world, which is of great benefit to Xiao Yan's cultivation!

"Is it a quasi-reincarnation stage..."

"It was also expected."

The Great Elder's beautiful eyes fell on Xiao Yan, seeing through the latter's strength at a glance, he immediately nodded and said.

"Senior has good eyesight, but this junior is still unclear about something..."

Xiao Yan spoke softly.

"What you want to ask, is it a matter of reincarnation?"

"By virtue of the mystery of Fen Jue, you devoured the holy flame that merged with the goddess Yao Ji, and you clearly have the power to impact the true reincarnation, but why is your strength only quasi-reincarnation?"

The first elder looked at Xiao Yan with a smile, as if he had expected it long ago.

"That is indeed the problem."

Xiao Yan nodded, and then focused his attention on the Great Elder.

Saint Flame, ranked tenth on the Saint Flame List, is enough to make him rise directly from the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian to the real Samsara, but why every time he mobilizes that power to attack the Samsara barrier, there is always a sense of melancholy. !

It seems that there is something missing in my body!

Just like when he broke through Dou Di in Dou Qi Continent, it only took two years, otherwise Xiao Yan would have left the border long ago.

"In your body, there is less reincarnation."

"So you can't achieve true reincarnation."

The first elder pretended to be mysterious, and when he mentioned the word reincarnation, the decibel of his voice actually increased a lot.

"What is reincarnation?"

Xiao Yan asked in a somewhat obscure way.

"Although our elves are not much different from humans, reincarnation is much different."

"Your reincarnation, you still need to find it yourself."

The Great Elder had no choice but to shake his head for no reason.

"Well, thank you Great Elder."

Xiao Yan nodded, knowing that this kind of thing can't be rushed, but with his current self, I am afraid that only relying on strength and flames, in the first reincarnation level, there should be an invincible existence. In addition to the evolution of Fen Jue, Saint Mark The control of his own power can be described as unprecedentedly powerful!

"It's been two years, the plane meeting is about to start, and there's still half the time. I'm afraid I have to leave."

Xiao Yan said after talking with Xiao Yi and the others.

"By the way, Great Elder, do you know the smiths of ancient times?"

Seemingly remembering something, Xiao Yan suddenly patted his head and said with a grin.

"A caster from ancient times?"

"It's a bit hard to find, but if you insist on looking for it, there should be a place that will suit you very well."

"The Spatial Intelligence Sales Building is a gathering place for countless intelligences related to the entire world. As long as you have enough financial resources, you can buy the information you need."

"Where did we know about your identity and news?"

At this time, Second Elder Ma Lin stepped out and said to Xiao Yan.

"Then it's not too late, let's go now."

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he understood that it was urgent to repair the God-Execution Ruler, and he immediately wanted to leave.

"Xiao Yi, you can go with Xiao Yan's friend."

"You are still inexperienced, and before the catastrophe comes, you still need a good trial."

"Let's go."

A rare smile appeared on the big elder's cheek, and then he raised his palm, and incomparably mysterious lines emerged, breaking through the void in one fell swoop and sending the two inside.

"Ma Lin, Yao old ghost..."

"Rectify our entire space in the Sea of ​​Heaven, and wait for the return of Little Yi's elf king's experience, and the official sacrament of kingship!"

"Our elves have been silent for so long, and it's time to get out of this space. After all, the second World War is not far away from the start of the war."

"Yes!"

"..."

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: