Chapter Vol 4 1930: Back off the twins!

The latest website: "This guy... I'm afraid it has something to do with the strongest in the demon world." After being quiet for a while, the Fire Demon King rescued the Water Demon King, and immediately the two quietly suspended above the void, and the Fire Demon King's eyes slowed down. Slowly squinting, thinking.

At first, they followed the Red King to attack the demon world. For the ruler of the demon world, the demon emperor's strength and aura were unforgettable. Now, looking at this aggressive flame beast, he hesitated for a while.

Its breath has the same origin as the Demon Emperor, but now that the Demon Emperor is sealed, the two of them will definitely not be the same person.

Because of the shock that the Demon Emperor gave them back then, even after countless years, they are still vivid in their minds.

"Big brother, the power in this guy's body is extremely strange." The Water Demon King was full of hatred and resentment, but at this time there was no way to say it.

"Go ahead, give it a try, if it doesn't work, let's retreat." After breathing down, the fire fiend king's brown flame slowly beat, as if he was alert to the dazzling power around the flame beast.

"But..." The dubious look on the face of the Water Demon King, now with the strength of the two of them in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, it is enough to completely obliterate these guys. If they retreat, I am afraid that this great opportunity will be lost in vain.

"Don't talk nonsense, we have more important things to do than killing them." The stern voice of the Fire Demon King fell, and a mighty evil spirit spread out across the sky.

"Okay!" The Water Demon King snorted coldly, a cold light flashed in his bizarre eyes, and immediately, countless extremely evil cyan water swept out of his body.

This time, these water liquids were filled with a terrifying black aura, and immediately gathered into a ferocious magic sword in front of the water fiend king's chest!

The whole body of the magic sword was wrapped in cyan water, and an insurmountable evil pattern was engraved on it like a silkworm. At that time, the entire Demon Suppression Prison would be in turmoil!

It seems that as soon as this magic sword comes out, the entire town will be destroyed!

"Take me a blow!" The Water Demon King smiled grimly, and immediately held the magic sword in his hand tightly, leaping with his indomitable sharp sword light, and at an extremely tricky angle, toward the weak point of the flaming beast Suddenly burst out!

"Pfft!" Under the control of the Water Demon King, the magic sword full of magic lines suddenly hit the weak point of the thousand-meter energy barrier composed of flaming beasts, and a crack suddenly emerged from it, I am afraid it will not take long , it will be completely broken.

"Ouch!" Seeing this, the flame beast roared coldly, its hoof-like ankles stomped, and countless rocks flew out, trying to stop the magic sword from advancing.

"It doesn't matter, right?" Xiao Yan asked softly as he watched the fierce flame beast and the Water Demon King attack like this.

After he finished speaking, his fist was clenched. Once the flame beasts were defeated in any way, Xiao Yan would not hesitate to crush the demon cube.

"Boy, it seems that this guy has a lot to do with you." At this moment, the Heishan Longlang slowly squeezed out a smile and said with a smile.

"Senior?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but be confused.

"I don't know the specific identity of this guy, but now the power in his body has already touched the cycle of reincarnation. Only some special help can successfully enter it."

"And I vaguely remember that this guy seems to be what the master has been looking for." The Heishan Dragon Wolf pretended to be mysterious, and looked at the flame beast, not only with fiery, but also with an air of respect.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask.

"We must get out of here as soon as possible. The power of Tianxiong Tyrant and White Tiger Demon King has far exceeded my imagination. It seems that they have secretly prepared a lot over the years."

"Now that the pattern of the demon world is completely broken, I am afraid that only the master can solve it by breaking the seal." Heishan Longlang continued.

"Can you just accept me like that?"

"If I can't, wouldn't it be..." Xiao Yan said softly after being said by Heisha Longlang.

"Hey, I believe in the prophecy of the master."

As soon as the voice fell, the battle on the sky continued.

"Boom!" Countless flying sand rock blocks with an extremely heavy earth element attacked the Water Demon King, even if the latter's power and the magic sword cooperated, in the face of such a strange flame beast When it comes to strength, there is a palpitation in the heart.

"Ow!" The two were evenly matched, and the thousand-zhang defensive barrier instantly collapsed, and the flame beast smashed its arrogant head, and a ray of light overflowed uncontrollably in the tiger's eyes.

That ray of light was like an extremely domineering beam of light, which just emerged, and immediately attacked it with a touch of superpower that surpassed the heavens and the earth.

That is the power of reincarnation.

"Reincarnation?"

"How is that possible?" Seeing this, the Water Demon King couldn't help but let out a loud snort. Immediately, his palms rolled, and he put the magic sword behind his back, his body trembled, and without any hesitation, he immediately turned into a black smoke and retreated.

Although the power of the Water Demon King has reached the late stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, compared with Samsara, there is obviously an insurmountable gap between the two, so they can only escape directly.

"Can you hide?" Seeing this, the flame beast sneered, as if mocking.

"Humph!" And the beam of light that was comparable to the reincarnation powerhouse quietly chased the Water Demon King, and for a while, the power between heaven and earth trembled invariably.

"Big Brother." The Water Demon King couldn't help but muttered, obviously with this power, he had nothing to do.

"Forget it, we should leave." Huo Sha Wang looked at the reincarnation beam, shook his head slightly, and a trace of reluctance emerged in his heart.

The power of this flaming beast may have reached reincarnation, but something important is missing in its body, causing its power to be ambiguous.

"Where to run!"

"Let's stay here completely!" Seeing the two white kings acting like this, Xiao Yan snorted coldly. On the palm of his hand, a Buddha's Wrath Samsara flashing with five-color flames quietly condensed, and immediately smashed the two of them viciously. go!

For a time, he was chased by the reincarnation-level beam of the flame beast, and Xiao Yan's five-color Buddha's anger reincarnation chased, I am afraid that even the two white kings and strong men would be more fortunate.

"There will naturally be time to clean up you in the future, but..."

"I don't have time to play with you now!" Watching the two attacks vent out the brown flames around the Huosha King suddenly skyrocketed. The demonic energy was mobilized, and in a short while, an incomparably evil and violent aura emerged in this world.

"Break this king!" Surrounded by such violent demonic energy, the power of the Huosha King had reached the level of the eight-star Dou Di's consummation for a while, and then his footsteps suddenly collapsed, and there were countless demonic energy and evil brown flames all over his body. , uncontrollable madness swept out.

In an instant, the sky was dark, and even the void in the entire Demon Suppression Prison trembled, as if it would be completely shattered at any time!

"Boom!" Countless demonic energy, brown evil flames, Xiao Yan's five-color fire lotus, and the reincarnation beam touched each other, and the entire space, waves of extremely terrifying energy ripples, slanted out!

In the entire void, countless to visible cracks appeared, and suffocating auras shot everywhere!

"See you next time, you won't have such good luck!" The last magic voice came out, and the two white kings also disappeared quietly, leaving only Xiao Yan and the strong ones.