Chapter 166: 3 Flame Flowers!

Xiao Yan and the old man came to the entrance of the third floor and found that there was only one guardian here, but his strength was quite tyrannical.

"Old Wang." The gatekeeper looked at the old man coming up, and said hurriedly and respectfully, and then looked at Xiao Yan next to him with an embarrassed look on his face.

"My people can go in," said the old man known as Wang Lao.

"I'm sorry Old Wang, the rules are like this, please..." Before the gatekeeper finished speaking, he saw a pharmacist hat and a pharmacist medal in Xiao Yan's hands!

Usually, one star is a first-grade pharmacist. As for the medal of an imperial alchemist, the word "Emperor" is inscribed on it, and two stars are also hung brightly on it.

For an emperor-level pharmacist, one star is a first-rank emperor-rank pharmacist, and a second-star is an emperor-rank first-rank mysterious pharmacist!

The gatekeeper's pupils also shrank tightly. Compared with the four-star Dou Di strong, the alchemist is actually more respectable!

This young boy is actually a high-level pharmacist who can refine a first-grade emperor-level medicine pill.

"Dear Emperor Rank Two-Star Alchemist, please." The gatekeeper was also respectful and made a gesture of invitation.

Hearing that, Xiao Yan also took back his medal and followed.

"Old Mister, let's go." Xiao Yan also said plainly, after all, Xiao Yan was disguised now, and they couldn't recognize their true colors, so they were relieved to show these things.

"I can't see that you are hiding deep enough..." The old man was also shocked by Xiao Yan's two-star emperor-rank medal. After all, this thing can't be faked.

"Where is it?" Xiao Yan also said modestly.

"I have to say, sometimes I really envy you pharmacists, refining medicine pills for others is to make others die for them, hey..."

"Let's go." The old man said while leading the way, but his eyes and voice could not hide the envy of Xiao Yan's identity as a pharmacist.

As soon as we entered the third floor, a seductive scent of medicinal herbs rushed to our face, but the number of people became very desolate. Looking around, there were only a dozen people on the third floor, and some stalls were filled with some precious medicinal materials and high Rank pills, but without exception, no one guards these booths.

"This is the third floor, with the safest security guards, so any medicinal materials and medicinal herbs only need to be registered and placed here, and there will naturally be a special person to take care of them, and those who buy can also watch it at will, but only from a distance. Don't touch it, otherwise..." The old man also explained his confusion.

"Yeah." Hearing this, Xiao Yan was also stunned. No wonder there were no guards in the booths on the third floor, only some people were constantly looking for what they needed.

"Let's go, I'll take you to get that medicinal herb, which is also a gift for your medicinal herb." The old man also knew that in terms of value, the value of his soil and the "Void Transformation Pill" were not on the same level. Go on, and the kid in front of him is actually such a powerful pharmacist, he has to give him a good impression. Anyway, he doesn't know what the medicinal herbs are, so it is better to give this alchemist a favor.

"Shenwuyu..."

"Tianlianggu..." Xiao Yan kept saying the names of many treasures of heaven and earth.

The boy next to the old man is like this, and the old man also smiled and said that if he can have a good relationship with a pharmacist, it will be much more convenient to find him to refine medicine in the future.

"It's here." The old man said casually.

Xiao Yan also turned his attention to the booth on the third floor.

"Three Flame Flowers!" Xiao Yan's eyes just turned around when he was attracted by an unremarkable medicinal herb on the latter's booth.

A small plant like a sapling, the size of its own arm, with a few green leaves of various shapes on the branches, but the most attractive is that on the top, three leaves slowly surround , three different colors, and if you look closely, you will find that the three colors on the three leaves seem to be some flames, exuding some hot temperatures.

Xiao Yan's heart was also calm at this time, thinking about how to buy these three flaming flowers.

Although what is needed to devour the holy flames is the Seven Flames Flowers, but that thing is hard to come by. Now that I have encountered the Three Flames Flowers, I will also make preparations as soon as possible.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Unexpectedly, the three-flame flower was picked up by the old man, and then said to Xiao Yan, "How about those soils and this medicinal material in exchange for your "Void Transformation Pill"?"

The old man also looked at Xiao Yan with a smile. From originally wanting to take advantage of Xiao Yan and taking Xiao Yan as a slaughter, to now trying his best to befriend Xiao Yan, his attitude has also undergone earth-shaking changes.

This is the invisible demonstration caused by the powerful refining technology!

Xiao Yan is also very satisfied with this. Just now, he was thinking about how to get the three flaming flowers, but he never thought that this old man would actually bring it to his door. As expected, alchemist is the most popular profession!

"What is this, old gentleman?" Although Xiao Yan's heart had already blossomed with laughter, the value of these three flaming flowers and Ziyan had already exceeded the "Void Transformation Pill" by too much, but he still had to do his best to avoid being turned back by the old man halfway through. .

"I don't know what use this thing is. I took it next to the beast of the fifth rank of the emperor. After I took it, I didn't know the secret. Therefore, for us cultivators, I am useless. Since The little brother and I are destined, then I will give you this medicinal herb." The old man also said quite readily.

"I can't see how precious this medicinal material is, but I still thank my predecessors." He also took the Sanyanhua from the old man's hand, but when he put it away early, an unexpected voice suddenly sounded.

"I have taken a fancy to this medicinal material. This old gentleman should sell it to me. You will be satisfied with the price." A loud voice also sounded on the third floor.

Xiao Yan looked around and found that it was a man wearing expensive clothes, and Xiao Yan could sense that this man had a strong smell of a stubborn child.

"I've made a deal with this little friend, you should look for another family." The old man also said lightly, and the implication was obvious.

"I don't make money without making money, I really don't understand." The man wearing expensive clothes also said.

"This friend, please also sell me the medicinal materials in your hand, the price will naturally satisfy you." After I finished speaking, I walked towards Xiao Yan, as if I was going to take away the Three Flame Flowers from Xiao Yan's hand!

"Oh, what if I don't sell it?" Xiao Yan was also ready to fight at any time.

"You seem to have come to the wrong place!" The old man shouted loudly, and then the breath all over his body also emanated.

"Old Wang, esteemed two-star pharmacist of the emperor rank, please calm down, we will handle this matter and explain to you one by one." A steward also quickly appeared in front of several people and said respectfully.

"Five-star fighting emperor!"

"The alchemist of the second-star emperor!" The arrogant aura of the man wearing expensive clothes disappeared, and he found that this time he had provoked some people he couldn't afford to offend.

This time, it seems to have hit the iron plate.

I've been busy making up updates these days, I'm so tired~

The ninth update has been completed, and the update of the second update every day will return to normal. After I rest for a few days, it will explode again~

Ask for a monthly pass ⊙?⊙!

Look at the words I've worked so hard to break out~