Chapter Vol 4 2254: The vinegar jar was overturned?

After Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi left the Buddha Realm, they easily returned to the Endless Fire Territory, which caused a frenzy of carnival. After all, many people here once had some consensus, so the warm scene was particularly hilarious, so this place also changed. It's fun, and it's quite a paradise-like leisure and elegance.

After the return of the two, Xiao Yan, together with the three mistresses of Cailin Xun'er, Mu Yingying, and a group of high-level officials, formulated many regulations in line with the development and growth of the Endless Fire Realm. Therefore, the current Endless Fire Realm, whether it is strength or prestige, are increasing in a geometric multiple.

After all this was done, the entire Endless Fire Territory also became more lively, but Xiao Yan spent a rather calm and unrestrained life in this regard.

During this period, Xiao Yan passed on the divine art such as the ghost realm and the Buddha realm in his body to his sons and daughters Xiaoxiao, Xiao Gui, Xiao Yi and other confidants, so that their strength increased extremely quickly. With the help of the divine art, They can be said to be a thousand miles away in terms of cultivation, and their achievements in the future may be enough to be proud of the world at the peak of this world.

Now that Cailin's strength has reached the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, the strength of the Ten-colored Sky Swallowing Python in the body still has some time to fully comprehend and integrate, so the trip to the demon world can only retreat for this.

After receiving the instructions left by the goddess Yaoji, Mu Yingying's strength was also astonishing, and she broke through to the Eight Star Fighting Immortal. Even Xiao Yan was a little surprised. The purple fire seed that Yaoji Goddess gave to Yingying probably came from an extraordinary origin, otherwise it would not have been possible.

As for Xun'er, after Xiao Yan left these days, the Reincarnation Seal and Phoenix Nirvana Pill complemented each other, and their strength reached the perfection of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals for the first time in history, but breaking through the reincarnation requires a huge opportunity, so Xun'er did not rashly Just try.

Obviously, this arrogant daughter of the ancient clan, whether in the Dou Qi Continent or this Great Thousand World, is still gifted.

The strength of the Endless Fire Territory has grown in such an orderly manner. Although it is still not comparable to those of the top plane continents under the Human World, with the tireless efforts of these people, the future can be expected!

One night, the night shrouded the entire endless fire domain, but this night was extraordinarily deep, and the stars in the starry sky slowly turned into a pair of eyes at this time, which was extremely mysterious.

In a quiet courtyard in the Endless Fire Territory, at this time Xiao Yan was alone deep in the pavilion, standing here with his hands on his back, looking at this vast starry sky from afar.

"Several years have passed since the Buddha Realm came back, and the plane meeting is coming soon, but the turmoil in the Great Thousand Worlds has been too calm recently, and I always feel that it is not a good thing."

After watching the endless starry sky for a while, he found nothing. Xiao Yan was helplessly sitting on the stone seat of the pavilion, but an extremely terrifying feeling of irritability emerged spontaneously, as if the stars in the starry sky were watching him.

The plane meeting is the first meeting of the younger generation in the world. It can be said without hesitation that those who can participate in this kind of meeting are all powerful descendants, or some talented people. At the meeting, Xiao Yan didn't know much about it. After all, even the space intelligence sales building avoided talking about it. It was really difficult to find information.

"I knew you came here."

"Brother Xiao Yan."

At the same time, at the door of the pavilion, a beautiful figure slowly walked out, and the voice was full of relief.

Wearing a blue dress, with a faint smile hanging on her delicate face, she looks extremely lively under such attire, and is quite **** under the moonlight.

Although she came to this continent for decades, Xun'er's figure and Yan Ting's beauty has not deteriorated, and she looks like a poetic fairy in a painting.

"Aren't you too?"

Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled casually, then got up and dragged Xun'er's extra slender wrist, overjoyed.

"Xiaoxiao and the others have the divine art you gave them, and they will achieve limitless success in the future, and the Endless Fire Territory is now on the right track. Brother Xiao Yan can rest assured."

"For the rest, Xun'er will follow you closely."

Being held hands by Xiao Yan like this, Xun'er also huddled in the latter's arms as quietly as a little sheep, filled with reassurance and happiness, but there was a rare stubbornness beneath those warm voices.

Xun'er knows that brother Xiao Yan still has a lot of things on his shoulders. Even if he has stepped into the peak of Samsara, I am afraid he is still some distance away. .

"Yep."

"There is no need to worry about the Endless Fire Territory for the time being, but I am worried that this vast world is too quiet now, and it doesn't look like normal."

"And Xiaoxiao is so smart, I don't know who will be cheaper in the future."

When Xiao Yan heard what Xun'er said, he couldn't help joking immediately, and he also agreed with what Xun'er said.

In the past, the Endless Fire Territory had just been established, and all kinds of things were so busy that they needed their own hands, but now that they are on the right track, they can naturally make time.

"Humph!"

"With such a strong father as you, I'm afraid Xiaoxiao will..." Xun'er smiled sweetly, as if she had been able to meet those rare scenes.

Xiaoxiao's talent is no less than Cailin's. Even because of her high starting point of birth, she directly pressed against Cailin. Now, the two continents of Dou Qi and Doudi are completely connected and upgraded. This girl is young and light, and she is already a Now she is the little princess in the Endless Fire Territory, and she is the first person under the Immortal Fighting in the Fire Territory, and she deserves it.

"Xiao Lin, this guy has a little bit of heat in his practice. It seems that he needs to hone and hone himself. Otherwise, it's a bit unreasonable to be a dignified man and a man."

It seemed that he thought of something, Xiao Yan said with a grin.

"You."

Xun'er smiled and really answered that sentence.

A tiger father has no dog son!

"Brother Xiao Yan, Xun'er will accompany you on the road ahead."

After a long time, Xun'er spoke with a serious face Obviously, there is no deeper meaning in these words.

"Is this you...or you?"

Xiao Yan couldn't help being a little stunned.

"Of course it was my idea!"

"But the biggest... Of course, there must be some privileges."

When Xun'er heard this, she broke free from Xiao Yan's arms, and then put her hands on her hips with a puffed-up look, which was indescribably playful and cute.

"Actually, it was our common idea."

"Yingying is now trying to absorb the seeds of the purple fire, and Sister Cailin also feels the power of ten colors, so it's only me."

"But during the period when Brother Xiao Yan was gone, Xun'er heard a lot of rumors."

"For example, Du Qifei from the ghost world, Su Xueying, the guardian of the Xiao family, etc., Brother Xiao Yan will explain honestly!"

At the end of the sentence, a smile like a little devil appeared on Xun Er Yongya's pretty face.

"Well...it's sour."

"Whose vinegar jar was overturned?"

Between the two of them flirting and flirting in this quiet pavilion, the starry sky above the endless fire field suddenly appeared with extremely majestic energy.

Those powers are profound and mysterious, and the flood of reincarnation is a bit incredible for today's endless fire domain.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: