Chapter 510: Enter the desert!

The scorching sun was scorching hot, and a single sun shone on the sky, making the already scorching desert of death even hotter.

"Xiao Yan, you said that there is something in this desert area that can actually make these Tang Tang people so fascinated."

"And in the end, the Bloodblade Mercenary Group was able to abandon the desert area. I'm afraid the treasure in the Medusa Temple is even more..." Mu Feng said curiously.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I don't know what's inside the Medusa Temple, but what I do know is what's inside. I'm afraid Qin Tian at the peak of Dou Di has only one way to die." Xiao Yan said in a low voice.

When several people heard the words, they immediately kept their mouths shut. Obviously, Xiao Yan, who has an extremely powerful soul perception ability, said so, and everyone had to let go of their guesses.

"Don't worry about it for now, let's go into the desert first. After all, Lao Zhu sent us here to experience this time, there must be a reason for him." Xiao Yan saw that several people were silent, and immediately said slowly.

"Let's go!" Mu Yingying's lips moved, breaking the awkward situation.

Everyone followed the directions given by Tang Tang before.

"The entrance to this desert area is very strange. It was still here just now, why is it gone now..." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he glanced at the people around him and found that there was nothing unusual, and then said.

"Where!" The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly saw a wriggling desert above the desert, and immediately drank it!

The desert here is creeping slowly, like flowing water, it is the entrance to the desert land that Tang Tang said!

"There are too many strong people here, let's take advantage of them to fight and go!" Xiao Yan no longer hesitated, and directly penetrated the entrance of that strange desert.

When the four people next to him heard the words, their eyes sank, and they jumped inside.

The next moment, the wriggling desert closed instantly.

At this time, it was calm again.

Just as Xiao Yan and the others passed through the wriggling desert entrance, they felt an extremely frightening wave spread from below.

Passing through the entrance of the creeping desert area, several people came to a rather strange place.

"This place should be a passage leading to the desert area." Xiao Yan's whole body exuded milky white flames, which instantly lit up the space here, and found that the surroundings here were pitch black, and it was almost as if he could not reach out his fingers!

The terrifying flames slowly left a trace of extremely small flames behind Xiao Yan, but Xiao Yan and the others did not pay attention.

"It always feels like something is wrong..."

"Speed ​​up, it should be coming soon." As she went deeper and deeper, Xiao Yi, who had always been taciturn, glanced at some flames behind her, then shook her head and said.

"Yes." Several people responded one after another, because they knew that this desert area is not a simple place, it is a place where life and death go hand in hand!

"Yep?"

"Be careful!" The next moment, following Xiao Yan's exclamation, a large group of unknown creatures suddenly emerged from the darkness!

"On the surrounding walls, be careful!" Xiao Yi spoke first.

At this time, five rays of light of different colors appeared on Xiao Yan's five people, and then a large group of mysterious creatures appeared at a distance of several hundred meters in front of them!

Those creatures are covered in darkness, even Xiao Yan's powerful soul power can't detect what they are, but one thing is certain, there are quite a few of these creatures!

"Destroy!" Xiao Yan felt anxious when he saw it, and then said softly, instantly suppressing the flames on his body and the light on the others!

It's just that this is the case, there are still some rays of light behind several people, especially Xiao Yan's flames are the most obvious.

The next moment, he took the people around him and headed in the opposite direction!

"Susu!" A strange voice suddenly came from Xiao Yan's front feet!

Everyone couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief, but the space where they were originally collapsed instantly after these strange creatures passed by!

Those remaining flames were instantly swallowed up by these mysterious creatures!

"What?" Mu Yingying spoke first, her voice was full of doubts, obviously she also noticed those creatures that appeared suddenly, but before she had time to react, it was driven by Xiao Yan!

"I don't know what it is, but the number is terrifying!"

"And I vaguely discovered that these things seem to be looking for something..." Xiao Yan said softly to the people around him.

"This……"

"This should be a dark bat." Mu Feng, who was beside him, suddenly said.

"Dark bat?" Green Flute seemed to have recovered, looking at the dark passage.

"Dark bats, born in the darkness, love darkness the most. It is said that they have the terrifying power to destroy space, and they cannot see any light. Once any light appears in their lair, they will swarm out."

"The entrance to this desert area should be full of dark bats... and according to my perception feedback, the number is probably extremely terrifying!" Mu Feng lowered his voice slightly, trying to keep his voice as low as possible to avoid being discovered by these strange creatures.

"Destroy the space... It's not enough, why do I think I like flames..." Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard the words, but only thought a little.

Obviously, this Mu Feng has a mysterious cultivation technique, so in this darkness, Mu Feng's perception is stronger than Xiao Yan, which Xiao Yan also admits, but Xiao Yan still feels rather strange about the fact that this dark bat loves flames.

As we all know, bats are naturally cold, almost like the Medusa family. They have a natural fear of or have a natural fear of it, so how could they love flames?

"Forget it Let's bypass them." After a short thought, Xiao Yan also made a decision. After all, this is just the beginning. Although the number of these dark bats is quite large, Xiao Yan has If the five of them want to be wiped out completely, it will take a lot of effort, but who would do such a thing for no reason.

"Let's go, keep your movements small." The next moment, Xiao Yan finished speaking, and raised his palms, gently pulling Mu Yingying and Xiao Yi.

A few people next to them saw it, and they followed suit, because they also knew that there were 9 perilous dangers here.

"It's so warm..." Mu Yingying's jade hand was just pulled by Xiao Yan, and her delicate body suddenly shook, and then a broad palm directly held Mu Yingying's slender jade hand.

The next moment, Mu Yingying originally wanted to struggle, but after thinking about the current situation, she did not do anything, but at this moment, a warm warmth slipped into Mu Yingying's body from Xiao Yan's palm. above.

"Let's go." After Xiao Yan finished, he slowly led a few people forward.

As for the dark bat, after swallowing up the flames left by Xiao Yan because of the lighting, it perched around the passage.

"This dark bat seems a bit strange..." Long Yi, who was on the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng on Xiao Yan's body, also said slightly.

It's just that what Xiao Yan didn't notice at this time was that Fen Jue, the deepest part of his body, suddenly flashed a strange light, and it was fleeting!

Ask for a recommendation!

Now the monthly pass is 83. If it reaches 90 on the last day of this month, it will be three more updates!