Chapter Vol 4 2036: The movement of the Holy See!

Douyun Continent, where the seven great races of ancient times are bristling, is also becoming busy at this moment. As for Xiao Yan, with Xun'er's company during these times, he has lived a life like a fairy couple for a few days.

However, Xiao Yan had no idea that a conspiracy against him and the Endless Fire Territory was slowly unfolding in the distance.

Douyun Continent, the land of the Holy See, the Holy City.

The holy city is full of golden light, and countless sacred auras are slowly filling it. Whether it is defensive power or background, I am afraid it is enough to stabilize the seven ancient races. It is the habitat of the Holy See and the place of worship for countless believers.

There are actually two base camps of the Holy See. In addition to the towering tower, there is also a holy city. The holy city is the place where the red-clothed archbishop and the Pope and other strong people practice, and it is also a holy place for countless believers in the Holy See to pray. The Holy See's Tower of Babel is a place for dealing with criminals, detaining prisoners, and even trying criminals.

At this time, deep in the holy city, in a splendid and solemn church, a middle-aged man with blond hair flickered slightly.

If Xiao Yan or Gu Yuan were here, they would be surprised to see that a soft golden light filled the middle-aged man's body, as gentle as the dawn of the dawn, and the golden aura filled his body, filling him with a unique kind of radiance. of divine breath.

That kind of feeling, that kind of aura, as if he was a **** who fell from the sky to the mortal world, every thought and every move was enough to cause an uproar.

This figure is impressively the strongest person in the Holy See branch of the Douyun Continent, and the most powerful person in the Holy See that only exists in rumors, the Pope!

The strength of the Pope, even if it is the Doudi Sifang Continent, is unmatched. If the Holy See is not a neutral faction, they have never intervened in the development of Doudi Continent. Their existence is only to protect the great world. Seven clans, and only bow their heads and serve as ministers.

The strength of the Pope, as early as the first World War, entered the cycle of reincarnation. Now that the past ten thousand years have passed, the strength may have reached the level of ecstasy. , no one in the Holy See can know his trace.

"Tell me, what's the matter with forcibly calling me out this time?" The Pope said rather lazily, his golden hair falling down, which was quite an invisible shock.

"Your Majesty the Pope, the ancient clan has been controlled by the evil clan outside the territory, and the culprit is the soul of the soul clan."

"Also, according to the investigation of the subordinates, we have obtained the exact evidence that Xiao Yan, the lord of the Endless Fire Territory, is the ultimate murderer of our Holy See Faith Envoys and Touring Angels."

"It's a big deal. My subordinates didn't inform the three red-clothed archbishops, but directly asked your majesty to go out and preside over the overall situation. I hope your majesty..." Liu Hao looked at the pope in front of him with a look of horror, a deep depression. Makes him extremely uncomfortable.

As a son of light, Liu Hao has an affinity for the element of light, and I am afraid that there are few people in the entire world stronger than him, but the residual power that the Pope just unleashed invisibly in front of him made his heart palpitate. I am afraid that his strength...

"Kacha!" Liu Hao's voice just fell, and the countless crystal bottles and even statues decorated around the church were completely shattered. The Pope's gentle smile instantly solidified, and an unprecedented killing intent rushed out like a nine-day galaxy.

"To convene the three red-clothed archbishops, I'm afraid this matter will have to be considered in the long run."

"The majesty of the Holy See absolutely does not allow blasphemy, no matter who he is!" The Pope was obviously angry, and the whole church was covered with countless ice threads with his fierce killing intent. Completely crushed by this force.

"Yes!" Liu Hao smiled when he heard the words.

I succeeded, my plan succeeded.

After the day and night investigation of his subordinates, he has obtained human and material evidence. All the spearheads are directed at the Endless Fire Territory and the Soul Clan. Now that the Pope has come forward, these guys will naturally only end in destruction.

……

"Are we going up like this?"

"Will it be too reckless... After all, the relationship between our Soul Palace and the Holy See has not been very good. This action of the Palace Master may be a little inappropriate." At this time, Soul Yan and Soul Demon looked at each other, and they were in the Holy See Holy See. Outside the city stopped.

The holy city is full of sacred texts, once they step into it, without the approval of the Holy See powerhouse, they don't want to retreat from it, nothing else, because the defense level of the holy city is enough to trap Reincarnation, not to mention that they are only two eight-star fighting immortal powerhouses.

"The two of you are so sneaky in my Holy See Holy City, why?" After a while, an old man in red approached the two bodies silently like a ghost, gently touched their bodies with both hands, and smiled slightly. .

"It turned out to be the red-clothed archbishop... We have come to give you some things at the order of the hall master. You should like these things." Soul Demon and Soul Yan looked at each other, and immediately took out the memory crystal. .

"Memory crystal?" The red-clothed archbishop was slightly surprised when he saw this. Suddenly, a cold light flashed in his eyes, and the three figures disappeared at the same time. When Du appeared, it was already a bright world.

"Your Majesty, we have no malicious intentions. Lord Liu Hao is also investigating these things. We are just helping Lord Liu Hao to collect some definite evidence."

"The memory crystal can't be faked. There is a memory image of the culprit who killed the wandering angel. I hope you will take a look." Soul Yan gently handed the memory crystal over, but secretly winked at the soul demon, obviously preparing to escape~www .mtlnovel.com~ After all, in the hands of a reincarnation-level cardinal, they can't have any chance.

"I'll take a look." After confirming again and again that the two were not malicious, the red-clothed archbishop just took the memory crystal and watched it quietly.

"Hey!" While the red-clothed archbishop was staring at the memory crystal, the two soul monsters, Soul Yan, did their best to escape the red-clothed archbishop's barrier, but when the two of them returned to the soul hall to resume their lives, wait What came was the slaughter of the Holy See.

"It turned out to be the wandering angel killed by Xiao Yan, the lord of the Endless Fire Territory... the descendants of the Xiao clan, really have a great reputation!!!"

"Although there are several forces that cannot be underestimated secretly protecting the Endless Fire Territory, since ancient times, the Holy See angels have never been killed by humans."

"The blood debt... must be paid in blood, no matter who you are."

"Haha." The monstrous killing intent wafted out, and then all the memory crystals poured into the sight of the top officials of the Holy See. An operation targeting Xiao Yan's endless fire domain and obliterating the Soul Hall was carried out secretly.

However, I have to say that this move of the Soul Clan's patriarch was a success. Numerous charges were passed on to the Endless Fire Territory and the Soul Palace. The Soul Palace was completely destroyed by the Holy See. As for the Endless Fire Territory, a fierce battle was inevitable.

​​

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: