Chapter 138: 4 major sub-professionals!

"Huh?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan also looked at the master floating in the air with great interest.

"Actually, it's easy to open this thing."

"It only takes a drop of your blood." The Golden Dragon King also smiled at Xiao Yan's impatient look.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan was also stunned.

Then Xiao Yan gritted his teeth, a drop of blood appeared on his finger, and then swept away towards the yellowish scroll.

The blood just fell on the yellowish scroll, the yellowish scroll seemed to be guided, and the thin thread wrapped around it slowly opened.

An ancient breath permeated the cave.

"It is said that there are some strong or ancient things that need to drop blood to recognize their masters, so it is different from the method you used before." The Golden Dragon King also explained.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he also laughed.

Then he also stared carefully at the yellowed scroll in front of him, and a huge light group appeared in the cave accompanied by an ancient aura.

The light group vaguely turned into a phantom figure, and then the pair of eyes slowly opened, and a terrifying aura like a sleeping dragon also emanated from his body.

"Huh?" Xiao Yan was also stunned by this terrifying aura. After all, neither the Yueyu he had seen before nor the cyan woman before, the aura on his body was not so strong, just a residual aura would not be so strong. So terrifying, I can't imagine how powerful this peak moment in front of me will be...

The Golden Dragon King was also staring at the empty figure in front of him in amazement. If something went wrong, he would shoot.

"Hey, after waiting for so many years, I finally met someone who barely passed the test..." The figure of nothingness also spoke slightly, and then looked at Xiao Yan with interest.

"Senior, this is..." Xiao Yan also asked in surprise.

"I have waited for tens of thousands of years in order to pass on my mantle." Void figure slowly said.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan was also overjoyed, because there are always some arrogant and arrogant strong men in this world. They are hidden from the world. When they are damaged, they will record what they have learned in their life, and then they will not let their unique skills disappear. world.

Hearing this, the Golden Dragon King also felt relieved.

"Although the powerful emperor-level mortal-level soul power, although the spiritual power is still developing, it is still reluctant."

"Okay, let's not talk nonsense anymore, I don't have much time."

"I'm a battle formation master." The nihilistic figure also said.

"A Dou Formation Master?" Xiao Yan shook his head in surprise, obviously he didn't know very well that he came from the lower realm.

"How is that possible?" The Golden Dragon King was also shocked.

However, although the Golden Dragon King was also floating in mid-air, the emptiness seemed to have not been noticed. After speaking, he calmed down, as if giving Xiao Yan some time to think.

"On the Dou Di Continent, the only main theme is to cultivate Dou Qi, but on top of this, there are four sub-professionals."

"Apothecary Master, Poison Master, Foundry Master, Battle Formation Master!" The Golden Dragon King also looked at Xiao Yan with a blank expression.

"Alchemists, as the name implies, are able to refine all kinds of magical medicine pills, and their status is extremely prominent in Doudi Continent. Moreover, they have an extremely powerful appeal, and high-level pharmacists are almost always responding, because no matter who they are, they can I hope that the pharmacist can owe them a favor. If there is a need in the future, the pharmacist is also willing to make a medicinal pill for it, otherwise it would be more difficult for ordinary people to make a high-level medicinal pill than to ascend to the sky."

"However, the requirements for becoming a pharmacist are extremely harsh. Normal people only have one type of attribute, while a pharmacist must have two types, and their own attributes must belong to fire, and the fire must be mixed with a trace of wood energy for catalytic effect, and There must be excellent soul perception, three conditions for refining medicine: material, fire, and soul perception. The material is all kinds of heaven and earth treasures; the fire can be Dou Qi flame or animal fire, preferably the fire The venerable fire, or the holy flame like the overlord of heaven and earth!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Poison Master, Poison Master combines Miao Border Gu technique with Poison Technique, insect control technique, divided into Poison Master and Gu Master, Poison Master uses all kinds of strange poison to attack the enemy through the mysterious use of poison. Killing people is an invisible terror; while Gu Masters use Gu techniques to heal wounds and prolong their lives, all in the midst of applause, and can control five kinds of Gu insects, such as holy scorpion, jade toad, spirit snake, wind centipede, and sky spider, which are not passed down to Miao Jiang. Secret skills."

"Forgers rely on their own strength to forge magical weapons. People call them founders, and it is said that they can condense the energy of heaven and earth into strange runes, and these runes, because of their different structures, have With different abilities, if a rune is inscribed, the weapon's toughness and sharpness will be upgraded to a new level."

"The legendary fairy artifact is from the hand of the foundry."

"As for the battle formation master, it only existed in ancient times, and I haven't seen it for many years."

"However, one thing is certain, among these four professions, Dou Formation Master is undoubtedly the most powerful!" The Golden Dragon King kept explaining to Xiao Yan.

Then Xiao Yan was a little surprised when he heard it. No wonder they were Dou Formation Masters. They encountered many forms of formation in the ruins.

"The so-called battle formation master is to rely on the strength in his body to activate the spiritual formation, thus forming a means of attacking and defending The spiritual formation needs to depict the core inscription, the more powerful the spiritual formation, the more There are also more core inscriptions, but once such a spiritual formation is provoked, the power will be no trivial matter."

"However, the Dou Formation Master is powerful, but the most basic thing to get started with is mental power." The Golden Dragon King also spoke slowly.

"Mental power?" Xiao Yan was at a loss. Obviously, he only knew that he had soul power. As for that mental power, he had never heard of it.

"Hehe, it's normal. After all, these are ancient secrets. It's normal that you don't know, but soul power and spiritual power are completely different."

"Just like your left and right hands, the soul power is the left hand, then the spiritual power is the right hand, and the two complement each other."

"It seems that I found a treasure this time." The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also opened his eyes and stared at the empty figure in front of him.

Xiao Yan was surprised at first. He didn't expect to have such amazing four major occupations. He had never heard of casting masters and Dou formation masters on Dou Qi Continent before. Here on Dou Di Continent, it really wasn't on Dou Qi Continent. comparable.

Dou Qi cultivation has led to many side branches, and this Dou Formation Master is one of them. However, this profession not only needs a certain amount of strength to support it, but also requires extraordinarily strict spiritual power. Therefore, the other three occupations are relatively scarce occupations.

"Senior, please enlighten me!" After a little thought, Xiao Yan said respectfully with both hands clenched.