Chapter Vol 2 789: Purple Bamboo Forest

"Then let's go." Xiao Yan heard the words, there were a few good medicinal pills in his hand, and he gave Yueru a drink, and then saw that Yueru's situation had improved a little, and then said.

Xiao Yan knew that Yueru possessed the inheritance rune, and when she was very close to the inheritance, she would definitely be affected to some extent, so she was not in a hurry. Anyway, they were the first batch of people to enter the three islands of the ruins. There will be someone ahead of them.

However, Xiao Yan was a little wary of the disciples of the super sect who were at the entrance of the Iron Gate. Those disciples are not easy to mess with.

"I don't know what that so-called fire of life and death is. According to Xiao Yan, there seems to be something unusual in this island. I don't know what it is..."

"But I must hurry up and find out in the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family. Where will my brother be..." Mu Yingying opened her mouth slightly, obviously missing her brother more deeply in her heart. The disappearance of her brother made Mu Yingying quite helpless.

"How should we go now?" Xiao Yan and the others followed Yue Ru slowly, and then Xiao Yan asked.

"According to the information passed on to me by the inheritance rune, there are three monsters on Moonlight Island. These three monsters have strange personalities, and their strengths are also extremely tyrannical. Among them, there are many vicious people."

"And the life and death fire you need and the things I need to inherit the runes are all on the territory of a few weirdos." Yue Ru stared at Xiao Yan and said firmly.

"Three weirdos?" Xiao Yan's eyes became surprised.

"The three weirdos all live on Moonlight Island. The three of them live on one side and do not interfere with each other."

"But the fire of life and death we need to look for is probably the most difficult weirdo..." Yueru said bitterly.

"I don't know who these three weirdos are..." Seeing this, Qin Xin nodded secretly.

Qinxin is naturally a little bit of the news that Yueru said, so she asked.

"The three weirdos are hatred, resentment, and viciousness." Yueru said thoughtfully.

"Hate?"

"Resent?"

"Vicious?"

"Shouldn't it be three kinds of emotions, how could it be..." Xiu Qi suddenly felt incredible when she heard the words.

"Senior sister, you don't know something."

"This time, the ruins were left by Fairy Jiaoyue. Fairy Jiaoyue disappeared back then, and even the best disciple under her sect and the Jade Rabbit who had been with her all along disappeared, so according to my guess, I'm afraid these three weirdos should know. something."

"And the secrets about Fairy Moonlight will probably surface in this ruin."

"Furthermore, there is no way to know the specific forms of these three weirdos. Maybe they are just names, maybe they are really strong people who control emotions..." Yueru hesitated for a while, but still felt like explaining.

"In my opinion, these three should not be strong people who control emotions. I am afraid that the reason why these three weirdos are called weirdos must be related to this name."

"If it is a strong person who really controls his emotions, he is at the level of fighting immortals. A strong person at the level of fighting immortals will not be reduced to being guarded here by others." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Since that's the case, then walk this way and walk through this bamboo forest to the first weirdo."

"And the life and death we need to find is the most difficult place, and it's also the last weirdo." Yueru said.

"So, these three weirdos can't be avoided no matter what?" Although Leng Fuyao didn't know who the three weirdos were in Yueru's mouth, Leng Fuyao knew that these three weirdos, with his huge soul power Definitely not an idle person.

"can not."

"This is the only way." Yue shook her head and said, if she could avoid the first two of the three weirdos, then she would definitely not say no.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Let's go." Xiao Yan glanced around and found nothing different, so he spoke immediately.

However, his eyes were attracted by a large purple bamboo forest not far away.

A winding road connects the purple bamboo forest, and the purple bamboo forest is connected by a large area, blocking all the roads.

"Hey hey, it's interesting now."

"There are so many little dolls here. I haven't been in the Purple Bamboo Forest for a long time. I have to play with them this time."

"But the flame aura on the man with the heavy ruler and the woman on his back is a bit strange, so strange..." At this time, an illusory old man laughed slowly in the purple bamboo forest.

After speaking, she stared at Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying and became vigilant, as if they had discovered something from them.

"Let's grab a little baby and play hide and seek first." After the old man finished speaking, he instantly locked his gaze on Leng Fuyao.

Not long after, everyone's footsteps came to the purple bamboo forest.

"This bamboo forest seems a bit strange..." Not long after everyone left, they stopped in front of the bamboo forest in front of them.

"What's wrong?" Yueru naturally didn't notice anything unusual in the bamboo forest, but she asked Xiao Yan's solemn expression immediately.

"There seems to be something in this bamboo forest." Leng Fuyao said very firmly.

Although the breath just flickered just now, it couldn't escape the capture of Leng Fuyao's soul power!

"I feel it too." Xiao Yan looked at Leng Fuyao in surprise. He never imagined that this guy's strength was mediocre, but his soul power was so sharp.

"What is it?" Qin Xin immediately realized that the Moonlight Island was not as simple as she imagined, and said immediately.

"do not know."

"But I think, that thing..." Leng Fuyao didn't finish his words Suddenly a strange purple flashed in his eyes, and then his body seemed to be out of control, and his figure flashed directly, as if obsessed Generally, it pours directly into the entrance of the Purple Bamboo Forest!

"Come back!" Seeing this, Qin Xin shouted suddenly, but it was useless. Leng Fuyao left the army and went directly into the Purple Bamboo Forest.

"It's interesting." Xiao Yan smiled slightly at the corner of his mouth. Although the figure in the Purple Bamboo Forest was extremely obscure, the fluctuation just now made Xiao Yan feel it!

Eight-star Dou Di-level powerhouse!

Moreover, according to the hatred, resentment, and viciousness that Yueru mentioned just now, Xiao Yan is basically certain that this mysterious figure is the hatred!

"You stay!"

"I'll go in and take a look!" Xiao Yan's eyes flashed a cold light, and then he flashed directly into the Zizhu Forest. Fortunately, Xiao Yan set a soul mark on Leng Fuyao when he had an accident, so now Xiao Yan is against Leng Fuyao. Fuyao's position is clear!

"I'll go with you!" Seeing this, Mu Yingying snorted coldly and immediately followed Xiao Yan regardless of Yueru's gaze.

And Yueru, because of her status as the inheritor, wanted to flash into the purple bamboo forest just now, but was pulled by Xiuqi.

"Don't worry, that guy will be fine." Seeing what Yue Ru was thinking, Xiu Qi immediately spoke up, and then stared at the few people who disappeared. It seemed that there was indeed something in the Purple Bamboo Forest at this time!

Ask for tickets!

Today should be three or four