Chapter Vol 4 2231: The King descends, the Virgin Mary!

"teacher!"

Looking at the golden body, Xiao Yan felt relieved, and immediately let out a heavy breath, looking at the golden figure in the distance with a stupefied face.

"Yao Ji, what are you doing?"

"Isn't bullying my disciple the same as bullying your disciple?"

The golden figure seemed to be smiling but not smiling, and then led the ancient ruler and the emperor to fly towards Xiao Yan together. The rich flame breath made Xiao Yan very nourished.

"If I don't do this, will you come out?"

"Your Majesty the Holy King."

Seeing the golden figure appear, Yao Ji dissipated the purple rune in her hand, and immediately walked towards the golden figure lazily, with a strong anger in her words!

Or... jealous?

"Second brother, are you alright?"

Without the obstruction of the purple rune, Xiao Yi hurried back to pick up Xiao Yan and said with concern.

"Which song did you sing?"

Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi were dumbfounded.

"Silly boy, Her Majesty Yao Ji has opened the way to the spiritual palace for you. Now your soul power has reached the "late Huayuan period", and it is just around the corner to step into the "Spiritual Travel" realm."

"Don't you thank your majesty?"

The golden figure stroked his beard with gorgeous flames and said with a smile.

"Disciple Xiao Yan, thank Yao Ji, Your Majesty!"

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he was immediately startled, because the spiritual palace in the body had already filled up the sixth floor, and now the power of the elf actually broke through to the late stage of Huayuan realm with the random blow of Yao Ji just now?

What kind of character is this?

"Tuoshe, do you still know how to laugh?"

Yaoji chattered non-stop, but that gesture of showing affection could not escape Xiao Yan's gaze.

"Ji Er, it's been my fault for so many years, I've suffered you."

At this time, Tuoshe Jinying grabbed Yaoji's slender hand, and said with a guilty face.

"you!"

Yao Ji originally wanted to get angry, but was taken aback by Tuo She's actions, and the anger on her pretty face quickly diminished.

"Okay, now you and I are just two energy forms. I'll leave these words for you to tell me in person when you see me."

Yao Ji, however, did not accept this kind of lie, she broke free from the palm of the Holy King, her beautiful eyes filled with a faint pride.

"This guy is my disciple, and he is also the descendant of the Xiao Clan, the few remaining members of the Xiao Clan."

Seeing Yao Ji's attitude like this, the Holy King couldn't do it by force, so he could only shake his head and say.

Qingguan, even a strong person like himself who stands at the peak of the Great Thousand World is helpless.

"Ha ha?"

"Your disciple?"

"Your disciple?"

"Your disciple?"

"In the first realm of Fen Jue, was the holy pattern condensed for the first time?"

"And what kind of **** did you give him?"

"The broken ancient ruler?"

"Some miscellaneous useless things?"

"And that bastard, Xiao Yuntian, who left a remnant of the holy flame for his family's descendants?"

Yao Ji, who was originally emotionally stable, heard Tuo She's words, her anger swept out, and there was a very obvious contempt in her beautiful eyes.

"..."

When Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi heard the words, they couldn't help but look at each other. They don't have any right to speak at all about the words of a powerhouse of this level!

However, it is also completely clear that the ancient emperor Tuoshe is the holy king who is famous in the world!

And judging from the speculations of the two of them just now and the current situation, it seems that the relationship between His Majesty the Holy King and Goddess Yaoji is very delicate!

Is it really as they guessed?

Holy King?

Holy... Mother?

"Cough cough..."

Being scolded by Yao Ji like this, the Holy King did not have the slightest temper, and immediately looked at Xiao Yan with a hint of apology.

"Listen to my explanation."

"This is also impossible."

"Of course we can help him more, but in that case, our news will be exposed more obviously."

At this moment, the Holy King had an inexplicable profound meaning in his words.

"What do you mean by that?"

Yao Ji is also a gifted person, and she is very intelligent. When Sheng Yan said this, she also noticed something.

"During the first World War, the alien race was our main enemy, but in the end, after we paid a very heavy price in the world, we still expelled them..."

"But even so, the Xiao Clan and several other races that stood at the peak of the Great Thousand World were all sealed and killed, and the remaining powerhouses can only dormant quietly and wait for this matter to surface."

The Holy King said, as if there were words in his words.

"You mean... someone is controlling all this behind the scenes?"

When Yaoji heard the words, she immediately became suspicious. She had never encountered such a thing before.

"It's hard to say now."

"Little guy, this is the last bit of strength I left behind. If we miss it, it may be the last time we meet."

The Holy King suddenly looked at Xiao Yan and said.

"Senior, how am I going to find you?"

This is what Xiao Yan is most concerned about.

With the relationship between the Holy King and the Xiao Clan, as long as any one of them is found, I am afraid that the following things will become very easy.

"Underworld."

"But you have to remember, beware of the people in the center of the human world, the mastermind seems to come from them."

The eyes of the Holy King were filled with endless depth, and he immediately revealed.

"The disciple knows."

Xiao Yan nodded.

"Don't worry, although we are suppressed by the seal, we won't be dead for a while, and we are sealed by ourselves. Even the mastermind behind the scenes will have a hard time finding us."

"But now the aliens are eyeing them, they can easily become the thugs behind the scenes again. Once the aliens are attacking, the world is also in danger, so you need faster time to improve yourself."

"Without the strength of reincarnation, you can't touch the third holy flame. Even if you cultivate the Burning Jue, you will be destroyed both physically and mentally."

"With your strength, if your strength is not in the middle of the reincarnation level, you will not be able to touch the peak of this great thousand world, and you will not be able to go to the underworld."

The Holy King Zaidu said.

"That's it, my stupid disciple, see you in the underworld."

The voice fell, and the figure of the Holy King disappeared.

"Saint..."

"Call me Your Majesty Xiao Yan just wanted to speak when he met Yao Ji's response, but this time there was no hostility in his voice, instead there was a touch of sadness.

"Your Majesty." Xiao Yan said.

"I already know the matter. Although I have the heart to help you, but I am not the body, and I am powerless."

Yaoji shook her head.

"I don't know where Yao Ji's body is, where is she?"

Xiao Yan asked boldly.

"My body exists in the dark holy abyss."

"It is also the second demon-suppressing prison that has been passed down by word of mouth among the human beings in the Great Thousand Worlds."

"I know the purpose of your coming here, but this guy has my Reincarnation Seal. I can't help you much this time."

"I will leave a test. If you can pass the test, I will give you a good reward. If you fail, both of you are not worthy of being my disciples."

In an instant, the wind was surging, and a peerless aura that traveled nine days came down.

"Senior, please enlighten me."

When Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi heard this, they immediately clasped their fists and waited for Yao Ji's so-called assessment.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: