Chapter Vol 4 1216: wind, fire

"Death to me!" Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly opened, and then his eyes stared at the broken corpse stone Brahma Scorpion hidden in the rock formation!

Along with it, Xiao Yan's unusually huge soul force locked onto the broken corpse stone Brahma Scorpion. At that time, 27,000 core inscriptions were like a ray of annihilation, and shot directly into the rock formation. in the law.

"Boom boom boom!" In the rock formation, the rocks were rotating at a high speed, thus giving birth to a strange force to suppress everyone, and the figure of the broken body stone Brahma was perfectly concealed by the rock formation.

However, being locked by Xiao Yan's soul power, and letting the rock formation be tyrannical, it was no match for Xiao Yan's 27,000 core inscriptions.

"Crash!" The invisible core inscription just came into contact with the rock formation, and the high-speed rotating rock formation instantly became restless, and the next moment, its speed slowed down under the eyes of everyone.

"This guy is such a tyrannical spiritual force." At this moment, Liu Qing, who had just cast the defensive scroll, couldn't help but look at Xiao Yan with admiration.

There is no doubt that the cultivation method of spiritual power is rarer than that of soul power, and the attack that Xiao Yan had just brewed was sent out with spiritual power, which made Liu Qing even more curious about Xiao Yan's identity.

"Cuckoo!" Shi Fan Scorpion realized that Xiao Yan's attack was tyrannical, although it was not aimed at him, but once the rock formation was broken, he would lose the best protection, and he wanted to easily obliterate them. I am afraid it is extremely difficult.

"Choke!" The strange voice just fell, and the Brahma Scorpion didn't hesitate. The poisonous scorpion at its tail flashed out, and shot directly at Xiao Yan who was in a stalemate with the rock formation in mid-air. !

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

What was different from the previous one was that this time the poisonous scorpion hook contained an extremely violent force. If it was hit by the poisonous scorpion hook, even Xiao Yan would not be able to eat it.

"Thunder Snake, do it." Jade Yifeng and Lei Snake have been observing the battle situation all the time. What they have to deal with is the corpse stone Brahma Scorpion, and what Xiao Yan does is to solve the interference of this rock formation. At this time, the corpse stone Brahma Scorpion shot, they naturally will not sit still.

"Susu!"

"Humanity!"

"You actually broke my formation and didn't let this scorpion fall!" The corpse stone Brahma was also immediately furious. If the rock formation was broken, I'm afraid I really wouldn't be the opponent of these people in front of me. After all, it's just that three-star Fighting Immortals is quite tricky, not to mention other two-star Fighting Immortals.

"Want to kill me?"

"Then see if you have the ability!" Xiao Yan also laughed when he heard this.

The corpse stone Brahma Scorpion had just finished speaking, and the poisonous scorpion hook flashed with a strange beam of light. The speed was extremely fast, and it penetrated out of the rock formation in an instant, and then blasted away at Xiao Yan.

"Brother Xiao Yan, you can decipher the formation with peace of mind. Leave this to us." Just as Xiao Yan was about to start, Yu Yifeng's voice slowly appeared, and then two figures came directly in front of Xiao Yan, flickering. It has cyan wind attribute and silver thunder attribute.

"It's almost there, break it for me!" And Xiao Yan looked at this sudden attack without any panic. After all, Yu Yifeng and Lei Snake had already attacked, and he could only use peace of mind to break the rock formation.

"Crash!" The poisonous scorpion hit Jade Yifeng without a trace, but what means did Jade Legacy and Thunder Snake use to temporarily stop him.

"Bang bang bang!" After a while, Xiao Yan's pupils became deep, and then the dazzling core inscription forcefully destroyed the rock formation!

After completely destroying the rock formation, the countless rocks also stopped rotating and stood quietly on the ground, so that on top of one of the most massive khaki rocks, the corpse stone Brahma Scorpion was opening its beast pupils. I can't wait to swallow Xiao Yan.

"Hehe, let's see where you're going now." Seeing this, Yu Yifeng suddenly shook with the power of the azure battle immortal, and immediately hooked the poisonous scorpion back temporarily, and its figure, like a ghost, disappeared in place in an instant. , facing the broken corpse stone Brahma Scorpion at the highest point outside the body!

The wind attribute is naturally extremely terrifying above the speed.

"Gugugu." Seemingly aware of the danger, the corpse scorpion made a strange sound, and then there was a burst of colorful mist around the body!

Above the colorful mist, toxins that could easily wipe out everyone slowly appeared.

"Wind Soaring Technique!" A cold snort appeared directly beside the broken corpse stone Brahma Scorpion, all five hurricanes of dozens of meters in size suddenly surrounded Yu Yifeng, and then Yu Yifeng waved his palm, and it burst into it. go.

"Gulu!" The power of the immortal battle of the wind attribute easily dispelled the colorful mist that the corpse stone Brahma Scorpion used to protect itself, so that the momentum did not weaken in any way, and it still blasted away at it, such a dazzling hurricane. The lethality carried in it may be able to easily obliterate the broken corpse stone Brahma Scorpion!

"No!" Until this moment, the corpse scorpion Brahma Scorpion let out an extremely unwilling roar, and then the hurricane continued to expand in his beast's eyes, and even the next moment, suddenly pierced his body.

"Boom." Yu Yifeng's tyrannical attack directly pierced through his bodyJishi's body became deep and deep, and the next moment, the body was faintly swelled signs.

"No, this guy is going to blow himself up, go back!" And Razer didn't do anything, just to protect it. At this time, watching Yu Yifeng obliterate the corpse stone Brahma, a touch of unease emerged, and the corpse stone Brahma's body Among them, they have accumulated toxins over the years. If they exploded like this, I am afraid they...

"Fire the poisonous scorpion!" Just as everyone panicked, Xiao Yan's playful voice slowly sounded, and then a fiery red flame suddenly shot towards the broken corpse stone Brahma scorpion.

With the appearance of this fiery red flame, the body of the broken body stone Brahma Scorpion was burned in an instant, and the signs of self-destruction were also completely suppressed by the flames, baked by such a hot flame, and the vitality was also passing quickly.

And in this fiery red flame, the power of two holy flames was forcibly entrained, but Xiao Yan set up a layer of blindness to blind everyone's sight.

"The ninth floor, it's over." After a while, Xiao Yan said slowly as he watched the corpse scorpion vanish completely.

However, the eyes of the others were dull. They knew how hard the body of the broken corpse was. Although they had been seriously injured by Yu Qifeng, they were so easily burned and turned into nothingness by Xiao Yan, which was enough to show that this kid The fire on the body is not simple.

And with the complete disappearance of the corpse stone Brahma Scorpion, a passageway slowly appeared on the huge rock.

Then, it is the passage to defeat the ninth-layer guardian and leave this space.