Chapter 516: Weird stone wall painting!

"Strange, why does it seem to be getting longer and longer..." Several people walked through this passage for a long time, but found some problems.

"Wait a minute, this seems to be a circular passage, no matter how we go, we will return to the original starting point..." Mu Feng said, obviously, Mu Feng is very good at these things.

"And even the door where we just came in disappeared without a trace..." Xiao Yi said slightly.

"Let's look for it separately. There should be some mechanism here. Otherwise, I just looked at it. Just relying on the terrifying hardness of this wall, there is no Jiuxing Doudi powerhouse that can't be broken." Mu Feng said.

When several people heard the words, they dispersed immediately.

Each person is surrounded by fighting spirits of different colors, but fortunately, this circular passage does not have creatures like dark bats, it is just deadly silent, which makes people very uncomfortable.

"Here..." Xiao Yan walked slowly, and then with the help of the power of flames, he clearly followed the wall.

The flames slowly shone on the wall, and a strange thing suddenly appeared on the uneven part of the wall.

At this moment, above the wall, a strange image appeared in Xiao Yan's line of sight.

"What is this?" Xiao Yan got closer, only to realize that it was a painting!

A rather strange painting!

This painting is square, about one meter wide and high, but the most bizarre thing is that there is only one thing in the painting!

That is, a giant hand from the sky descended from the sky, pressing directly on the ground!

"What is this..." Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly, but after staring at the giant hand in the painting with his pupils, a sense of insignificance spread throughout his body!

"No...this..." The next moment, Xiao Yan also seemed to notice something abnormal, and then opened his mouth.

The next moment, Xiao Yan directly put his forehead close to the painting, but discovered a very strange scene.

On the picture, the giant hand in the sky spread out its five fingers and snapped it suddenly. At first Xiao Yan thought it was just a giant hand in the sky, but now Xiao Yan found out that under the giant hand in the sky, there was an extremely hard-to-find path. cracks!

Looking through the crack, it seems to be a small lifelike creature!

The creature's body shone with black and purple light, and its human-sized palm lifted slightly, directly resisting the giant hand that descended from the sky!

As for the intersection of the palms of the black-purple creature and the giant hand in the sky, there seems to be something, but because the picture is too small, Xiao Yan didn't notice it.

"What the **** is this..." Xiao Yan was puzzled after reading it.

"Elder Long, what is this?" Xiao Yan asked in his heart.

"To be honest, I have never seen this..." Long Yi said.

"Forget it, let's look first to see if there is any agency nearby." Xiao Yan also gave up the idea of ​​continuing to study this weird picture, and then prepared to swim around!

"Squeak!" Just as he lifted his left foot and took a step, a very pleasant voice suddenly echoed in this space!

He stepped on it with one foot, and then a dark stone under Xiao Yan's feet trembled strangely, and then the stone wall in front of Xiao Yan suddenly cracked!

"Boom boom boom!" Then the two sides of the stone wall slowly pushed away, revealing a passage!

"I found it!" Xiao Yan hesitated, then said.

"However, why did that picture disappear..." Xiao Yan shook his head slowly, not paying too much attention to this strange picture, but calling for a few people to come over.

The distance from the other people to Xiao Yan was extremely short, so just as Xiao Yan made a sound, the other people noticed it and immediately came towards the place where Xiao Yan was.

"Big brother is worthy of being a big brother..." Xiao Yi first came to Xiao Yan's side, patted Xiao Yan's shoulder, and said quite funny.

In this regard, Xiao Yan was also quite helpless, this Xiao Yi really looked like a younger brother in front of him.

"Have you all arrived?" Xiao Yan also said aloud when he saw that the five had arrived.

"Yep?"

"Xiao Yan, what do you mean by that?" Mu Feng, who was beside him, just came here, and was staring carefully around the entrance of the stone wall, as if he was observing something.

"It's okay, let's go." Xiao Yan shook his head, obviously not knowing why he said such a sentence.

"Wait a minute!" The next moment, Mu Yingying suddenly said coldly.

"What?" Xiao Yi immediately frowned upon hearing this.

"There seems to be something weird here!" Mu Yingying said firmly.

"Be vigilant, go and have a look first!" Xiao Yan exuded an extremely large amount of flame power, and then stepped directly into the stone gate.

"I hope it's my illusion." Mu Yingying shook her head and tried her best not to think about those things, but on her chest, a tiny blue flame was beating violently like a heartbeat!

With such an appearance, Mu Yingying knew clearly that it was only when she encountered an unmatched powerhouse!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, under the isolation of Mu Yingying's clothes, the other people didn't find out. After all, the other four people at this time were all focused on the passage in front of them.

Mu Yingying and the others followed.

"Xiao Yan, why didn't you leave?" Xiao Yan stopped before a few people had walked ten steps, and then Mu Feng asked in confusion.

"In front... there seems to be a fork." Xiao Yan said slowly.

After speaking, he raised his finger and pointed to the left and right.

"How can there be two paths?" Mu Feng was also surprised when he saw this. Obviously, even for Mu Feng, Mu couldn't make up his mind about this situation.

"Here, it seems to be the way to enter the desert area... It's just that I vaguely heard from the seniors of the snake people that this desert area is full of too many unknowns."

"The most important one is that there are two roads. Both roads can lead to the core of the desert area, but it's not certain what you will encounter." Green flute stepped forward and stared at the two roads in front of him. road.

"This should be the entrance to the desert area. No one can guarantee what is inside, so to prevent accidents, we should go together." Mu Yingying saw that several people were silent, and then she spoke, and then she stared at Xiao directly. inflammation.

"We must go together."

"But do you want to go to the left or the right?" Xiao Yan saw that the few people had no idea. Immediately, the huge soul force emerged directly and gathered towards the two roads that were as pitch-black as a bottomless pit!

"Shabu!" The invisible soul power was like a gust of breeze, and UUkanshu www.uukanshu.com blew away toward the depths of Ertong Road.

As time passed by, Xiao Yan still had nothing to do, because the two powers that came out were without any information feedback.

"Choose any one." The next moment, Xiao Yan also danced.

"No, it's too hasty!"

"If we choose the wrong one, our situation will be even more difficult!" Green Flute was the first to disagree with Xiao Yan's approach. As a Green Flute who once lived among the Medusa clan in the lonely desert of death, he had no idea about the various legends in the desert. Impressive!

These two roads are dangerous and peaceful roads!

The dangerous road is full of too many variables along the way, and the safe road can not only get more wealth along the way, but also get some adventures.

"Then what better way do you have?" Xiao Yan said after seeing that several people did not speak.

"I...No." Green Dip was speechless, obviously what Xiao Yan said was true.

"Then let's take a random walk..." Xiao Yan said casually, after speaking, Xiao Yan strode up and walked towards the road on the left!

"Hey..." Green Flute sighed slightly, but just as he was about to say something, a reassuring voice came from Xiao Yan.

"Don't worry, if there is any danger, I, Xiao Yan, will stand in the first place."

A simple and flat voice made everyone feel warm.

Ask for tickets!