Chapter Vol 4 1910: Evil Eye Dusk Light vs Immortal Golden Body!

The latest website: "The middle stage of the Eight Stars Fighting Immortals... I'm also looking forward to it." In Xiao Yan's fiery pupils, he couldn't help sticking out his tongue and licking his dry mouth and feet, and immediately stared at the evil-eyed monster in front of him. King.

Not to mention anything else, this kind of breath alone makes Xiao Yan feel numb in his scalp, but he still has the three treasures given by the Ten Thousand Demon King and other means, so it is not impossible to fight, and for the evil eye demon For an opponent like Wang who used soul power pupil technique as his main attack method, Xiao Yan also had a strong sense of thirst for war pervading his heart.

"In your body, you not only have the aura of the treasures of the Demon Emperor, but even the souls of the underworld, holy flames and other things. These things are wasteful things in your hands. After you fall, I will enjoy these things for you."

"So... suffer!" The last word fell, and the overwhelming icy killing intent swept out, and the whole body of the evil-eyed demon king suddenly twisted into the void, his figure moved, and shot towards Xiao Yan.

Even if the evil-eyed demon king is not a strong man who mainly fights in close quarters, but with the strength of the middle stage of the eight-star fighting immortal, the battle seems to have no suspense.

"Hey!" With a sound, a black shadow flashed out from Xiao Yan's side, and the white palm bent straight and shot directly at it. The icy energy fluctuations contained in it were like a ten thousand year ice cellar, extremely cold!

"Fire explosion!"

"The tyrant's pattern!" Looking at the evil-eyed demon king who came with monstrous killing intent, Xiao Yan did not dare to take it lightly, and the speed skyrocketed, thus forming a dazzling tortoise-shaped water curtain all over his body. Firmly protect it!

"I can't handle myself!" Seeing that the turtle-walking water curtain temporarily blocked his attack, the evil-eyed demon king snorted coldly, raised his palm, and countless clear water swept out of his body, and was immediately pinched by him. It exploded and turned into invisible energy ripple lightsabers, stabbing away at Xiao Yan, the chilling aura contained in it, I am afraid that the real Eight Star Fighting Immortals would be moved by it.

"Sure enough, it's still too reluctant." At this moment, seeing these attacks, Xiao Yan's face, a trace of tiredness swept out, obviously with the help of the early stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, even with the blessing of many means, he couldn't be with the eighth The battle between the evil-eyed demon king in the middle stage of Xingdouxian, but under that tiredness, there is an extremely crazy fluctuation hidden.

"Have you given up... Then turn it into dust under my attack!" Seeing that Xiao Yan had no defense, his lightsaber pierced through the huge water curtain little by little, and assassinated Xiao Yan!

"Pfft!" Just when the terrifying attack was about to touch Xiao Yan for several dozen meters, a scarlet elixir flashing with enormous energy slowly emerged in Xiao Yan's palm. The terrifying energy that countless strong people are jealous of, slowly diffuses out.

"Immortal armor defense armor!" Xiao Yan first snorted coldly, and then a silver armor wrapped tightly around Xiao Yan's body. After a while, Xiao Yan's eyes showed a contemptuous smile, and the scarlet medicinal pill was directly swallowed by him. in the belly!

"Bang bang bang!" The scarlet medicinal pill had just entered the body, and an extreme force slowly awakened like a sleeping dragon, and at the same time, Xiao Yan's breath also rose little by little from a weak state.

The middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals!

...

The initial stage of Eight Star Fighting Immortals!

In just a few breaths, Xiao Yan's strength has skyrocketed to the level of the initial stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortals, and he is protected by the Immortal Armor. At this time, Xiao Yan's combat power and defense power are far from Just comparable.

"Oh?"

"A medicinal pill that forcibly enhances strength?"

"Upgrade a whole rank?"

"I'm afraid this side effect is not cheap, right?" Xiao Yan's sudden eight-star fighting spirit was instantly shattered by his own attacks, and the evil-eyed demon king sneered. There was also an unquestionable sarcasm in his voice, as if even now Xiao Yan, who is also not qualified to let him face it.

"The side effects are quite big, but it's worth the price of your life." At this moment, Xiao Yan's mouth curled into a dangerous arc as he smiled slowly.

The efficacy of the Po Neng Pill is only a stick of incense. If he can't solve the evil-eyed demon king in this incense stick, I am afraid that his end will be extremely miserable.

"watch out!"

"Holy Fire Cage!" At this moment, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, his body trembled, an amber flame on the palm of his hand, under Xiao Yan's subtle control, turned into a shackle of flames that filled the sky, shooting at the evil-eyed demon king. Go, the sacred aura contained in it is far from being comparable to that of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals just now.

"An ant is an ant after all. No matter how you jump around, it's just a waste of time in the end." Seeing Xiao Yan's terrifying attack, the evil eyed demon king's eyes gleamed, and after a while, he faced Xiao Yan and exploded. Shooting away, an irresistible terrifying force spread out from his eyes, making Xiao Yan unable to move for a while!

"Boom!" The amber flame shackles were invaded by this mysterious force, and the two immediately clashed. Finally, the amber flame shackles were completely submerged in this mysterious colorless light, and the light did not stop. It meant that he continued to shatter the void and left to Xiao Yan.

"A soul power attack?" At this moment, Xiao Yan's face couldn't help but look a little ugly, and he stared at the evil-eyed demon king who was high and below zero. A terrifying attack!

"Since that's the case..." Xiao Yan smiled slightly when he saw this. Immediately, the overwhelming source of holy flame emerged, and directly wiped out the invisible light. However, by virtue of that moment's induction, Xiao Yan was aware of this guy's behavior. exact strength.

Taixu late stage soul power!

This level of powerhouse, combined with the strength in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, made Xiao Yan really moved.

"Come on!" After the breath, in the sea of ​​fighting qi in Xiao Yan's body, the yellowish holy flame of Immortal Flame flashed with a yellowish flame. At the same time, an ancient and ancient aura slowly emerged from Xiao Yan's body. Emerging from the top, the kind of fluctuations that seem to be immortal, make people irresistible!

"These two..." Xiao Yan, who saw the 100,000 Monster Beast Legion below, who was temporarily tied with the Evil Eye Demon King in the sky, couldn't help but muttered.

However, their eyes shifted, and when they saw the surging power in the eyes of the demon king, like the vast stars slowly taking shape, they were also relieved.

After the evil eye demon king's eye technique is completed, only the powerhouses below the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals will be destroyed, because the monsters or human beings who fall under this blow are not one thousand but one hundred.

"Being able to force me to use the source eye technique to deal with you Even if you fall here, it is enough to be proud of!"

"Evil Eye Gloom!" Just finished speaking, the eyes of the evil eye demon king were abnormally white, and the next moment, a harsh roar suddenly swept out, accompanied by two sets of eyes from the evil eye demon king. The colorless light emitted from it.

The colorless light was like an ordinary light arc that was calm, and it completely locked Xiao Yan before it was born, but only Xiao Yan knew that the aura contained in it was actually a power second only to Samsara!

That is annihilation!

If you get the slightest bit of contamination, I'm afraid you will die instantly!

"Immortal...golden body!" The colorless light moved slowly, and wherever it passed, the space collapsed, and countless forces quietly crawled down, but at the same time, Xiao Yan's solemn aura and a roar that shattered his eardrums accompanied A golden giant with a figure of thousands of meters appeared in this void!

That feeling, like an immortal thing, never changes!