Chapter Vol 4 1676: Devour, evolve, fight for the soul!

"This guy is really stupid." Seeing the undead ghost sparrow appearing in mid-air with its real body, constantly neutralizing the power of the four flames, waiting for an opportunity to devour it, Xiao Yan suddenly stopped quietly and smiled.

The power of the holy flame is too destructive. If there is no mysterious power of Fen Jue, even Xiao Yan would not dare to swallow it rashly. This move of the King of Immortal Nether Sparrow is undoubtedly a self-destruction, even if it is guarded by its holy flame The noble status of the spirit beast cannot be safe. After all, this is not an ordinary flame, but a holy flame.

But don't underestimate the power of Shengyan Zihuo, if it doesn't burn Jue, even if it swallows Zihuo, it will still be seriously injured, so Xiao Yan knew this from the beginning, so he didn't have a war with the King of the Undead Nether Sparrow. Xiao Yan also has a certain degree of certainty to defeat this guy, but the price is obviously too heavy.

"Boom!" In the sky, on the head of the King of Undead Sparrows, four flames jumped rapidly, waiting for an opportunity to merge, but every collision between the flames would severely damage the huge body of the King of Undying Sparrows, blood DC.

"This guy is really tyrannical and patient." Looking at the shocking wound, traces of gray blood continued to spill out, Xiao Yan couldn't help saying.

Even if it devours the holy flame fire, the non-aggression power between the four fires is enough to seriously injure him!

"Ah, ah!" After a few breaths, the entire void was filled with the roar of the King of Undead Nether Sparrows, and the four groups of fire had already burned and seriously injured this guardian spirit beast as strong as the Six-Star Fighting Immortal.

"It's almost there... I hope that with this guy, I can take my fighting spirit to a higher level." Looking at the undead king of the undead in front of him, Xiao Yan did not act rashly, but waited quietly, only this guy was critically ill Now is the best chance to get out.

"Damn... This king is a dignified six-star fighting immortal, how can I help you with a few flames?" At that time, the immortal ghost suddenly recoiled, and the dazzling gray energy squirmed, overwhelming the sky and covering the entire void.

"The six-star Douxian level powerhouse is indeed well-deserved, and he is also the guardian spirit beast of the undead fire. Maybe he has been contaminated with a lot of the power of the undead fire. The undead fire is an existence known as immortality and immortality..." Watching the momentum continue to surge The undead King of the Underworld Sparrow, Xiao Yan analyzed with great interest.

"Boom!" With a sound, in the sky, the four flames were condensed into a space without tremors by this guy, trying to inhale it with extremely terrifying suction, thereby compressing it.

However, the four flames are not rocks that can be easily captured. The direct and dazzling power suddenly spreads out.

The first is the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock. The dazzling khaki flames actually formed pieces of indestructible khaki rocks around it. The flames inside the rocks were ready to go, as if they would launch the most dazzling attack.

Furthermore, there are ethereal ice flames, directly around his body, a circle of azure blue water curtains like waves, bursting out.

The second is the ghost face and soul flame, a trace of gloomy ghost energy permeates out, and the source of the flame stands in it, as if it is a cyan flame that has fallen into the darkness.

As for the gray undead fire, it turned into a ferocious snake head and roared at it.

"Come here for this king!" The King of Undead Nether Sparrow snorted coldly, and the monstrous suction directly absorbed it, and then four flames were directly absorbed into the abdomen.

"This guy." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan was also unable to shake his head. Such a cruel approach was naturally self-defeating.

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as the four flames entered the body, an extremely hot wave of fire suddenly flew out of the body of the King of the Undead Nether Sparrow. The degree of terror made his bird pupils shrink tightly.

"Hey!" After a while, four flames flowed all over his body in an instant, and these flames were originally the fire of the Holy Flame, and now they are flowing in the body of the King of the Undead Nethersparrow without any protection. stand up!

Wherever the holy flame passed, there were bloodstains everywhere, countless meridians were directly burned by the four flames and turned into nothingness, and even the four flames were still fighting in his body, causing this guy to die!

"Ah, ah, ah!" Heart-piercing roars emerged, and bloodshot bursts appeared in the pupils of this behemoth, which was obviously extremely painful.

"Forget it, I'll help you." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't bear it, and immediately smiled.

"Little chops!"

"Hurry up and help me, after this is done, the fire of immortality is yours, everything here is yours!" At that time, the king of immortal sparrows couldn't help roaring. The strength, I am afraid it will not last long, watching Xiao Yan's figure attack, can not help but ecstatic.

"Holy Flame!" Xiao Yan was unmoved, and his figure approached him slightly, because he knew that if he hadn't shown his weakness and offered up the three fireworks, adding the prestige of the three-color half-Buddha Angry Fire Lotus, I am afraid that the King of Immortal Nether Sparrow will directly obliterate himself, because of the shock of the three holy flames, this guy is quite afraid of Xiao Yan.

"Come on, I'll save you from this kind of pain." Xiao Yan just finished speaking, the phantom of the undead Nether Sparrow's fighting soul that was severely injured all over his body appeared!

"Bastard **** bastard!" Looking at Xiao Yan's scene, the King of the Undead Sparrow also understood that he was tricked by this guy, and immediately roared, but just wanted to obliterate Xiao Yan, to find that his body had been completely destroyed by four flames. Destruction, even a trace of vindictiveness can't be mobilized. Today's self is no different from a weak woman who has no power to tie a chicken to the slaughter!

"Come here for me!"

Seeing this, Xiao Yan nodded suddenly, and immediately grabbed the huge body of the King of Undead Nether Sparrow with the package of three holy flames in his palm. The palm contained the origin of the three holy flames. The power is enough to easily apologize to the King of the Underworld Sparrows and cause real damage.

"Humble human beings, even if they fall, this king will not make you feel better."

"Immortal Torch!" With a wild laughter, a monstrous gray flame spread out, and immediately rendered this space completely.

"Self-destruction?"

"You don't have this chance!"

"The source of the fighting soul, come out to me!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and grabbed him directly with his palm.

"Weng Om Om!" The four flames in his body were encircling and suppressing him. In addition to the power of Xiao Yan's three holy flames, the origin of this guy was easily pulled out by Xiao Yan.

On top of the huge body of 1000 feet, there was a trace of a worm-like transparent bird shadow, which was directly pulled out by Xiao Yan from the inside of the huge body. This thing is its origin and the so-called essence.

"Devouring me!".

"I want to see, with the power of the origin of the undead King of the Underworld Sparrow, whether it can make the fighting spirit go further." As soon as the voice fell, the pure and transparent version of the tiny fire sparrow was directly swallowed by Xiao Yan, and at the same time , the undead ghost bird, which had already been covered with a serious injury, was like bamboo shoots after a rain, gradually recovering, and even the breath was slowly increasing.

And this void became quiet for a while, only the spirit body of the undead King of the Undead Sparrow, and Xiao Yan, who sat cross-legged in the void and devoured the evolutionary fighting spirit, were even invisible at the very end. In the huge pit at the bottom, a trace of strange fluctuations continued to tremble.