Chapter Vol 4 1530: Heavenly Stone Steps!

"Crash!" For a few days, Xiao Yan and everyone stayed in the space passage quietly. One day, a violent white light suddenly appeared in the space passage, and suddenly the voice of King Pluto slowly opened his mouth.

"Little guys...it's here." Heavenly Hades looked at the exit that was getting closer, and said slowly.

"Finally... have you arrived at Li Soul Territory?" After a short while, Xiao Yan's eyes also became hot, and through the dazzling white light, a terrifying wave that entered the heart throbbing, slowly emerged!

In this trip to Li Soul Domain, no matter whether you can find the undead fire to swallow up your strength and significantly improve your strength, the most important priority is to help your master Soul Eater to find the Qidu Yin Soul Cup and restore his peak power. It is also a good idea to lead the many powerhouses in the Soul Eater Domain to fight against the Li Soul Domain. With the shame of Xue's failure before, he is helping Xiao Gui to solve the problem of his life experience, and then he is Acacia Brokenheartitis!

Acacia and broken enteritis is the top priority of Li Soul Domain this time, because it is related to whether Mu Yingying can be resurrected...

"Li Soul Territory..." Xiao Gui looked at the light mouth in front of him, but he was a little dazed. Obviously, his memory and even his power seemed to be suppressed and sealed by some strong people, so he had a touch on Li Soul Territory. Quite familiar fluctuations, but extremely obscure.

"Li Soul Territory." Looking at the space channel that was getting closer and closer, Du Qifei also smiled lightly, and the smile was full of helplessness, because she knew that once she stepped into Li Soul Territory, then she would The identity of a reincarnator will sooner or later be the true overlord in this Soul Realm. By then, she is in a high position, I am afraid she will not be pursuing happiness, and now this Xiao Yan, whether it is strength or character, above, All of them are quite a good one in their own life.

"Don't worry." Naturally, Xiao Yan didn't know what Dug Qifei was thinking, and thought that this guy was afraid because he had just arrived in an unfamiliar environment, so he spoke out comforting words.

"Let's go, everyone, the receptionist of the four courtyards has been waiting for a long time." In an instant, Zuo Mu also laughed.

"En." Everyone looked at each other, and then stepped out of the space passage and went towards the outside world.

"Hey!" At this time, just after leaving the space passage, a dazzling light burst out. A scorching sun hung high in the sky. The dazzling light and the tyrannical temperature made everyone's vision a little blurred.

After a while, everyone's vision slowly recovered, and they immediately noticed where they were.

At this time, they were at the foot of a mountain in the depths of the mountain. There were many mountains in this mountain, one after another, but without exception, the mountain in front of them was the tallest one.

"What a rich energy of heaven and earth... and this scorching sun is also quite dazzling." Just as he opened his eyes, Xiao Gui was the first to speak.

"What a magnificent mountain range." Xiao Yan looked at the huge mountain range in front of him, and was also slowly surprised.

"Eleven little fellows, this is the test of joining the Four Great Courts in all dynasties, please ask yourself for more blessings." As soon as the words fell, the figures of Tian Pluto and Zuo Mu disappeared, leaving only eleven people.

And with the disappearance of the two, suddenly, at the bottom of the mountain, sparsely populated villages slowly emerged, and even in front of everyone, countless white jade stone steps slowly emerged.

"This is... the white jade stone steps?" After a while, Shen Jun said with an ugly expression, obviously he felt some strange aura from the white jade stone steps.

Behind them, some shabby houses emerged, and there were silhouettes of people walking away from the stone steps in front of them. As for the white jade stone steps rising into the sky in front of them, they slowly appeared in front of everyone. Those white jade stone steps, from in front of them It has been spreading to the sky, as if there are thousands of treads!

"This..." Xiao Gui looked at this scene, and immediately looked at each other in dismay. Obviously, a strange power emerged from the white jade stone steps. This kind of power, even Xiao Gui, also showed a sense of fear.

"Hehe, young people... You are quite a face, you are not from outside, right?" Suddenly, an old man with a kind face slowly walked in front of Xiao Yan and said to him.

"Old man, we just came here, we don't know about the stone steps..." Xiao Yan smiled and said politely when he saw this.

"You should be from the lower realm, but here, there are countless powerhouses emerging every day, and this stone step, we call it the stone to the sky."

"It is said that above the Tongtian Stone is the statue of the Lord of Souls. Once you break through the shackles of the stone steps and make a wish in front of the statue of Lord of the Souls, you can have a rather small chance of being rejected by the Four Great Masters. The strong people of the courtyard will be invited to join the four courtyards."

"The stone steps to the sky will be tailored according to each person. There may be hundreds of them, or they may be endless, but if only Yan can pass the stone steps to the sky, he will undoubtedly step into the ranks of the strong with one foot. The old man has been here for nearly a hundred years, and I have never seen anyone successfully break through the stone steps to the sky."

"And like this kind of statues and leads, there are quite a few in the endless territory of Li Hunyu, but these stone steps are not so easy to step on." Looking at Xiao Yan, who was polite and polite, he breathed a sigh of relief. explained.

"It turns out that there is such a way..." When the other disciples heard the words, they nodded slowly, and then looked at the stone steps in front of them, and their eyes became dignified.

"Thank you old man..."

"If that's the case, let's go too." Xiao Yan clasped his fists and smiled at the old man After finishing speaking, he ignored the others and took Xiao Gui and Du Qifei to the stone steps.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Yan and the three of them suddenly lifted their front feet slowly and stepped onto the stone steps.

The stone steps have a white jade color, as if they are natural, and there is a mysterious power in them. Under the suppression of this power, the power of Xiao Yan and the three of them was sealed in a short time!

"Sisi!" When Zaidu stepped onto a stone stair, Xiao Yan suddenly smiled slowly, because at this moment, an invisible force seemed to descend upon his body, making Xiao Yan's face rather ugly.

"Let's go, I want to see how difficult it will be for this heaven-penetrating stone!" Du Qifei also felt that the reincarnation rune in his body was temporarily suppressed by the mysterious power of the stone steps, so he stepped directly towards the stone steps. , but every time they took a step, the pressure on them immediately increased by one point.

"These guys seem to have rare things in them..." The old man who had just explained the rules to Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes slowly, and suddenly said, he has lived here for dozens of years, and naturally he has seen many days. It's a pity that there are very few guys who can really step on the Tongtian Stone and see the statue of the Lord of Li Soul.

When the other nine people saw this, they also followed suit. Obviously, until now, they also finally know why Tian Pluto and Zuo Mu left them directly. They originally wanted to join the four courtyards, except for the competition of Yinhuntian. And so on!