Chapter Vol 4 2262: The youngest Demon Slayer King Xiao Yan!

"Brother Xiao Yan, that Leng Luochen's look at the Demon King just now doesn't seem right."

"It looks like he wants to speak, but in my opinion, I'm probably hiding something."

When walking in the Daqiangong Palace to the conference room, Xun'er used her soul power to communicate with Xiao Yan.

If a powerful person like the Demon King was summoned alone, he probably had an obvious intention. All the evidence pointed to the golden piece of paper that was given to Xiao Yan.

"It's true, and I'm afraid it's not that simple."

"You can only adapt accordingly."

After speaking, the two went straight to the conference room. Xiao Yan was able to detect some hidden traces that proved that this trip might be in danger, but there was no way, this was something that had to be experienced.

"coming!"

"Xiao Yan is here?"

"The guy who was personally named by the Demon King to meet, what did he explain behind his back..."

At this time, above the conference hall, all the proud sons of the sky sat quietly, but these words echoed in their minds.

In the main hall of the Daqiangong conference room, it is distributed on four sides, reserved for dozens of heaven's favored people to sit quietly.

"Oh?"

After a while, the Tianfeng clan woman looked away from Xiao Yan, and when she looked at Xun'er, an aura of astonishment emerged.

That kind of feeling is like the upper-level suppression in the blood, which is especially obvious.

"Tianfeng Clan, Fengqin."

Feng Qin walked over directly, her eyes kept on Xun'er, but she couldn't help but speak.

Dignified, skilled, quiet, and also has an indescribable noble temperament, coupled with that flawless face and figure, even Feng Qin, a demon girl from the Tianfeng family, thinks she is inferior.

"Endless Fire Territory, Gu Xun'er."

Xun'er didn't hesitate, she stretched out her palm generously, and held it. She naturally knew that this was because of Senior Nine Profound Fire Lord's Reincarnation Seal and the effect of Phoenix Nirvana Pill, but since the other party was Fire Phoenix Domain, Xun'er Naturally, it is also happy to do so.

"Since people are almost there, the plane meeting will begin here."

"However, before the plane meeting, a simple process needs to be carried out."

Just under the tense atmosphere of the two girls, a soft voice sounded, and Elder Dagan and Demon Executioner Leng Luochen walked out from the back of the hall together.

"The Demon King."

"A super strong person who can kill the red king of the extraterritorial evil race."

With the appearance of the two, the entire conference room was filled with silence, and everyone's eyes were fixed on them. From them, they could smell a terrifying force that truly moved the world.

"I don't know what process to go through?"

Some guys looked at each other in dismay, apparently it was the first time that they had to make so many preparations before the plane meeting.

"Everyone should have a magic stone in their hands, right?"

Elder Dagan said with a smile.

"Magic Suppression Stone, do you want to detect the Demon Killing Points in our hands?"

When the elder Dagan said this, people with a heart can't help but wake up.

"Magic Suppression Stone?"

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he couldn't help being stunned.

This thing seems to be obtained during the experience in the ghost world. It is said that every time you kill an alien race, points will appear and be automatically recorded. Points can be exchanged for some useful things, but most of them are only things that are applicable to reincarnation. Therefore, Xiao Yan has not checked it since he exchanged for the swallowing inflammation, and Xiao Yan has never heard of other effects.

"Did Big Brother Xiao Yan forget?"

"Magic Suppression Stone is a special stone that records the points of killing demons. It is extremely sensitive to evil forces. Once a team or a single person kills a strong foreigner, points will be automatically generated."

"Similar to the supreme title of Demon Slayer King, it is said that one million Demon Slayer Points are required."

"You can only get points by killing the strong among the evil tribes outside the realm. From weak to strong, the heaven and earth are the fifth rank of the emperor, of which the king ranks 100,000 points, the black king 200,000 points, the white king 300,000 points, and the red king. The king has 900,000 slaying points."

Xun Er knew a lot about these things, so she reminded her aloud.

"I know these things, but it seems that my thing only applies to the ghost world..."

Xiao Yan shook his head, then walked towards the elder Dagan who had already started testing, and at the same time took out the magic-suppressing stone in his hand, but this time the magic-suppressing stone was different from the past, it seemed to be much heavier or even a little bit fiercer The incomparable blood glow is looming, extremely terrifying.

"This fluctuation is..."

The always quiet Leng Luochen frowned and couldn't help staring at the magic-suppressing stone in front of Xiao Yan.

At this time, the magic-suppressing stone is covered with countless cracks, and a trace of blood spreads in the cracks. It looks like it is about to crack, which is extremely terrifying.

"One hundred and seventy..."

The inspecting elder looked at the numbers flashing on the test stone in front of him, and said with great difficulty,

"Boy, are you a magic stone?"

The next moment, Leng Luochen couldn't help taking a breath and asked.

It's unbelievable. The Demon King in his dignified palace has only 1,200,000 Demon Execution Points. This mere guy with reincarnation level strength is actually more powerful than himself?

The 1,200,000 Demon Execution Points took him thousands of years, and he survived several times before he achieved the supreme title and status of the Demon Execution King today.

"Sir, is this... the Blood King Mo?"

"Evil Scholar... Blood Centipede Prince?"

A series of names that could be seen and seen among the evil races outside the realm poured out from the mouths of the elders, and the air in the entire conference hall instantly froze.

Among the extraterritorial evil races, the powerhouses like these who were famous in the first World War are naturally well-known to every household.

"These...are all the powerhouses from the extraterritorial evil race that you killed?"

After a long time, Leng Luochen turned his head and stared at Xiao Yan as if he were looking at a monster.

The whereabouts of the powerhouses among the extraterritorial evil clans are extremely hidden, and even they cannot easily find their traces. How could Xiao Yan kill so many extraterritorial evil clans?

Among them, there are all kinds of rank... including the red king rank blood centipede prince among the foreign evil clan!

"Indeed."

When Xiao Yan saw the hall that was filled with deathly silence, he didn't understand why for a while, but he was stunned about the points above the Demon Suppression Stone.

"Brother Xiao Yan, it is said that the magic stone was cast by Daqiangong and then distributed to the major managers of the seven realms..."

"Magic Suppression Stone can clearly record the aliens that the holder has killed, even their names and so on."

"It seems that Brother Xiao Yan is hiding a lot."

Xun'er said with a smile at this time, two small tiger teeth were exposed, and she looked at Xiao Yan with admiration on her face, her appearance was extraordinarily intimate and small.

"1.7 million slaying points, and obliterating a red king..."

"Master Leng, Your Excellency Xiao Yan can be promoted to our Great Thousand Palace..."

"The Demon King!"

The words of the elder Dagan sounded like a thunderbolt from the blue sky, his voice was hoarse, and he said very bluntly.

"The Demon King..."

"This guy's life record can actually be promoted to the Demon King?"

The others looked at Xiao Yan with fear.

Demon Slayer King, the three words almost represent the top forces in the human world today. Who is not the most powerful person who wants to come to Daqian Palace to hold the title of Demon Slayer King?

This Xiao Yan's strength is only at the peak of the reincarnation level, so he can actually be contaminated with this kind of thing?

And most importantly, once the title of Demon Slayer King can be obtained, the treasure of Daqiangong will be opened to him. That is a peerless treasure hidden by countless geniuses in the Daqian world!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: