Chapter Vol 2 739: On the cusp

Outside the Burning Incense Pavilion and the Dou Ji Pavilion.

As usual, only the first to third floors are open throughout the day. As for the entrance to the fourth floor above the sky, the light is already dim. Obviously, today is the last day. The disciple of the sect, I am afraid that the strong sect must take action to bring it back. Although the price paid for this kind of action is not small, it is the last resort.

Among the many disciples who entered the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion, only Xiao Yan has not come out yet, and the rest of the disciples have already left, and many of them have obtained powerful Dou Ji exercises.

"Hehe, Laomu, even looking at Xiao Yan, it seems that I can't break the nightmare of your Human Palace for hundreds of years." Xiong Yuan said with a simple and honest smile.

Xiong Yuan naturally knows a little about the fighting skill scroll of the treasure of the Hall of Humanity. After all, both of them can be regarded as the top of the Burning Incense Pavilion.

"It's not over yet, what's the hurry." Mu Xuzi also took Xiao Yan in his heart, and gave Xiong Yuan a helpless look.

"If you can't succeed, you can't fail. It's just a fighting skill. If we lose this disciple, I'm afraid our Human Temple's strength will be greatly reduced." Mu Xuzi secretly said in his heart.

"Okay, Laomu, don't worry, there is a strong guard guarding your human hall. With him, Xiao Yan will definitely not have an accident, but it's a bit strange that he hasn't come out for so long." Yuan regained his calm and said to Mu Xuzi.

"Hopefully." Mu Xuzi shook his head when he heard the words, and then stopped talking, but murmured and waited, waiting for the disciple named Xiao Yan to perform miracles.

"Sigh..." When Xiong Yuan saw this, how could he not know what Mu Xuzi was thinking, but at this last moment, it was obviously unrealistic, but Xiong Yuanye did not expose it, but accompanied Mu Xuzi to wait.

At this time, at the feet of Mu Xuzi and Xiong Yuan, hundreds of disciples were already standing here.

Obviously, these disciples entered the Dou Ji Pavilion and obtained a lot of Dou Ji exercises, and wanted to make a splash at the end of this Dou Ji Pavilion incident.

For this matter, Burning Incense Pavilion was originally not allowed, but this habit has been handed down.

After the Dou Ji Pavilion is over, all the disciples who enter the Dou Ji Pavilion can choose to challenge their own hall or other powerhouses. If they succeed, they will instantly take the place of the challenged!

For example, a disciple of the Earth Palace challenged the Third Senior Brother of the Earth Palace. If this disciple of the Earth Palace wins, he will undoubtedly say that he will replace the Third Senior Brother of the Earth Palace.

The senior brothers in the Hall of Earth or the Hall of People, whether it is the place of residence or the resources for cultivation, are all enviable.

"Haha, why hasn't Xiao Yan of that person's palace come out yet?"

"It's the last day, won't it be impossible to get out?" Among the crowd, there were many disciples who liked to watch the fun and cheer.

"Hey, who knows."

"Maybe it's because I failed and didn't have the face to come out and cry."

"No, I remember that this guy killed the twin ghost emperors in the previous points looting competition." There were different opinions in the crowd.

"These people are too much." The four of them, Mu Yingying, naturally came here early in the morning to wait for Xiao Yan. After all, Xiao Yan had not left for a long time, and everyone was a little worried.

"Don't worry about them, they're all yellow-haired children." Xiao Yi stood aside and said directly. After all, the people who just spoke were quite weak.

"You!" The extremely figure who was talking about Xiao Yan just now saw Xiao Yi's fierce aura emerging, and the room's expression was ugly, because they suddenly found that the pressure brought by Xiao Yi's strength was not inferior to their own sect. Elder!

"Watch your mouth!" Xiao Yi snorted coldly, and Ruijin took back his breath.

When those disciples who were talking about Xiao Yan heard the words, they were shocked and stopped talking about Xiao Yan.

"Hey, do you know?"

"It is said that Qinxin from the Heavenly Palace has obtained the treasure of the Heavenly Palace this time."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"That kind of beauty and such a huge strength, I am afraid that it will shine in the next sect competition."

"Heavenly Palace?"

"Isn't that a temple with only seven people?"

"Why is Qinxin from the Heavenly Palace? I always thought she belonged to our Earthly Palace."

"You don't know about this, Qinxin is like the disciple of the deputy hall master today, so..."

"Hehe, what is this? It is said that several senior brothers in our underground palace have also mastered the treasures of our underground palace. I am afraid that this time the sect competition will be a battle of dragons and tigers." Among the crowd Some disciples kept saying.

"I can't believe that the disciples in the Heavenly Palace and the Earth Palace have all succeeded in their cultivation."

"Although the treasures of their second hall did not expect the Human Hall to be powerful, but they can successfully cultivate, the strength of these people should not be underestimated." Next to Mu Feng and the others were the named disciples of the original Human Hall. The three named disciples had also been waiting here for a long time.

The three of them have entered the place where the treasures of the people's palace are stored on the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion, but with their strength, they have no way to cultivate, and this is why they failed. This time they came here. , mainly to see that Xiao Yan is doing a miracle.

"Is this treasure of the palace really so difficult..." Mu Yingying shook her head in disapproval and said, looking at the stone gate of the Dou Ji Pavilion in the sky, suddenly a familiar aura slowly emanated.

"He's fine."

"He's back." The next moment, Mu Yingying's eyes flashed with a look of light, and then she cast a look of anticipation at the Shimen of the Dou Ji Pavilion. Because Mu Yingying possesses holy flame in her body, she is naturally very sensitive to Xiao Yan who also possesses holy flame.

"Someone came out." Someone in the crowd said something, and the noisy ground suddenly regained its calm. The eyes of hundreds of disciples were all locked on the stone gate, as if they were all waiting for a result.

"This breath..."

"It's Xiao Yan!"

"However, this Xiao Yan's aura is more powerful than when he entered the Dou Ji Pavilion before." Ling Xuan said slightly.

"Hehe, the soldiers come to block the water and cover the soil. I would like to see if the rumored fighting skills in the Hall of Humanity are really as powerful as they are rumored to be."

"I hope this kid won't let me down, if he really succeeds, it's worth my shot, otherwise..." Next to Ling Xuan, the second senior brother Zhu Yuan of the Earth Hall also stared at Shimendao on the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion.

"Second Senior Brother, even if Xiao Yan succeeds, you, a seven-star Dou Emperor, would challenge a six-star Dou Emperor." Ling Xuan immediately said with dissatisfaction after hearing this.

The Six Star Dou Emperor and the Seven Star Dou Emperor are extremely huge.

"Hehe, these are all things to talk about later, let's take a look and then talk about it."

"I believe that besides me, there are many others who want to challenge Xiao Yan." After Zhu Yuan finished speaking, he smiled strangely.

Xiao Yan can't be blamed for this, after all, there is too much light on Xiao Yan's body.

Killing the twin ghost emperors in the points plundering competition, obtaining the baptism of the Xuanling Emperor Pond, cultivating the cave at the ninth level in the Tongtian River, breaking records, all these are enough to make Xiao Yan the object that all the disciples of the Burning Incense Pavilion want to step on!

And just as the thoughts of the hundreds of disciples below were surging, in the sky, the stone gate opened gently, and a man familiar with a heavy ruler slowly appeared in everyone's sight.

Ask for tickets!

The time in November is also free. It just so happens that the second dimension has a category, and the second dimension fans update the ranking. I plan to rush in in November.

At this point, November will basically be guaranteed three times a day (unless there are special circumstances), and outbreaks will occur from time to time.

It’s the same three shifts today, around 8 o’clock in the evening, the fourth shift if I can figure it out, and tomorrow’s shift if it doesn’t work.