Chapter Vol 2 705: dispute

"This guy, why didn't you see him for just a day? It made me feel a stronger aura than before..." Ling Xuan's pupils flickered slightly, and her big eyes were full of doubts.

How can I say it? In the previous Luolingshan team competition, it was considered to be in the same team as Xiao Yan. After being a partner for a long time, I was still clear about Xiao Yan's basic strength.

Back then, when he was still in Luoling Mountain, Xiao Yan's aura was far less sharp. Could it be that he gained some benefits in Luoling Mountain?

Ling Xuan frowned slightly, puzzled.

"It's finally here." Seeing this, Wang Chen was also slightly surprised.

At the beginning, Wang Chen fought against Xiao Yan in order to give Lingxuan a head start. Although Xiao Yan's strength was tyrannical at the time, it was far from the terror it is now!

The reason why he lost to Xiao Yan in one move was completely careless, but now it is another matter.

I don't know why, as if the current Xiao Yan has changed, there is a dangerous aura all over his body!

The former Xiao Yan and the current Xiao Yan, although both are the same strength in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di, if Wang Chen still had the strength to fight, then now Wang Chen can be said to have no power to fight back against Xiao Yan. !

"Are you Xiao Yan..." Zhu Yuan stood at the front of the captain and said slightly to Xiao Yan, with an arrogant tone in his voice.

With Zhu Yuan's dignified second senior brother, the half-step seven-star fighting emperor's strength, he naturally had some arrogance towards Xiao Yan.

"This Xiao Yan's strength seems to have improved..." Qin Xindai's eyes were wrinkled and seemed to be thinking.

"I can't change my name, I can't change my surname." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, a dangerous arc appeared at the corner of his mouth.

"I heard that you killed the twin ghost emperors?" Zhu Yuan asked curiously.

"Why do you always ask this question?" Xiao Yan said in disapproval.

As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, Mu Yingying and the others around Xiao Yan also laughed.

This Xiao Yan's name is well-known in the Burning Incense Pavilion, but most of them have only heard of killing the twin ghost emperors. As for who it is, it is unknown.

"Don't talk nonsense, don't we know what you're thinking, do you think our temple will be afraid of you?" Mu Feng said a little indignantly when he saw Zhu Yuannuonuo, the second senior brother of the local team, pressing him.

"Humph!"

"A kid who doesn't even have the strength of a six-star Dou Di is worthy of being exchanged with us?" Wang Chen was not afraid when he saw that it was Mu Feng.

Except for Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan, and the extremely mysterious Xiao Yi, the other two of Xiao Yan were only able to complete the five-star fighting emperor.

The five-star Dou Emperor's consummation may be considered good in the outside world, but in the Burning Incense Pavilion, the mainstay can only be regarded as a six-star Dou Emperor.

"Okay, the scar forgot to hurt?" Xiao Yan said to Wang Chen indifferently, but the warning in his voice was too obvious.

"You!" When Wang Chen saw this, the room could only shut up secretly.

"Forget it, let's talk about these things later."

"Today is a good time to enter the 369 and other cultivation caves, don't miss the time for this matter." Qinxin on the side seemed to notice the slightest change in the air, and immediately said.

"Alright." Zhu Yuan and the others all spoke up when they saw Qin Xin, and they didn't plan to ask any further.

"Cough cough..." The next moment, a space in front of everyone cracked slightly, and then a familiar old man slowly walked out of it.

"Young and old?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he saw this.

Because this old man is a young man!

Today's Deputy Palace Master of the Heavenly Palace!

"Since everyone has arrived, let's go first."

"But I have to agree with you in advance. Although there are many benefits to cultivating Dongtian, such as three, six, nine, etc., it does not rule out the danger, so everything should be done within one's capacity." Xiao Yan.

Out of intuition, Qing Lao knew that this kid would definitely not pass up such a good opportunity easily, but if this kid made a slight mistake, Zhu Lao would not be able to explain it.

"Teacher, you have said this no less than a hundred times." Qin Xin said helplessly.

"Hey, I'm getting old, so I have to say a few more words." Facing the doubts of his precious disciple, Qing Lao Ye didn't have any displeasure, smiled and led the crowd towards a tight stone room.

Outside the stone room, two rather old men guarded slowly.

"Qing Lao, brought someone to practice the cave again?" The man on the right side of the stone room smiled slowly.

This young man is very well received in the Burning Incense Pavilion, after all, both in terms of strength and personality.

"Yep."

"This time, it is a rare good seedling in the Hall of Earth and the Hall of People." Qing Lao said with relief, looking at these disciples, Qing Lao felt as if he had returned to his youth.

"Qing Lao, please." The two men both exited.

"You two good-fortuned boys, should you have left?" Qing Yan asked.

"Yep."

"I've learned a lot from Burning Incense Pavilion over the past few years, and I'm ready to go back." The two men said and did not exit.

"Follow up." Qing Lao and these two seemed to be quite familiar with them. After being polite for a while, they were busy taking care of Xiao Yan and the others.

"Go in, I can't help you too much with the things inside, the rest is up to you." Old Qing said.

"Master, what level has the cultivation cave opened to this time?" Qinxin said excitedly. Obviously, cultivation in cave is the best way to improve her strength!

"There are nine levels in the cultivation cave, and the nine levels are fully open these days, but you have to do what you can, otherwise the gains will outweigh the losses." Qing Lao said earnestly.

"If that's the case, then let's go in!" After the old man finished speaking, he was humane behind him.

As soon as Qing Lao's voice fell, Zhu Yuan and several people from the team behind him immediately got up and walked towards the stone room.

"Xiao Yan, don't fall behind." Qin Xin said something to Xiao Yan behind her, and then chased away, as if she was afraid of being overtaken by others.

"What the **** are these three, six, nine, etc. Cultivation Caves..." Xiao Yan was also a little looking forward to being seen by Qing Lao and a few people in this team!

After all, even Zhu Yuan's half-step Seven Star Dou Emperor was quite enthusiastic about this cultivation hole, so it shouldn't be a simple matter.

"Cultivation caves like No. 369 not only have unique cultivation techniques, but also legends say that if you are lucky, you can meet the pavilion masters of our past generations of Burning Incense Pavilion!" The next moment, Ling Xuan explained to Xiao Yan and the others.

"If that's the case, then let's get to know this Cultivation Cave Heaven!" Xiao Yan finished speaking, took a big step, and then walked towards the Cultivation Cave Sky.

"I hope these little guys don't let us down this time." The old man and the two guards said slowly. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: