Chapter Vol 4 1074: Burning Sky Injured

Xuan San San's night was quite poignant, and I don't know if it was Cangtian's emotions when he saw the conspiracy of the Xuanling royal family or something else.

After the Sect Master of the Poison Sect found out that the soul control guide had been stolen, he immediately settled the affairs of the sect, and then left facing the location of the Burning Incense Pavilion.

And this night, the space outside the Burning Incense Pavilion was not willing to be quiet.

"Shabu." Above a mountain, large and small rock faults continued to emerge. Obviously, the terrain here is quite dangerous.

"This guy……"

"It seems to be controlled by someone?" At this time, behind a huge rock, a figure muttered and said in a deep voice. On its body, large and small injuries were extremely conspicuous.

"Susu." Following the figure behind the rock, a person covered in a black cloak slowly made a rather strange sound on the mountain rock in front of him.

"damn it."

"When did the Xuanling royal family appear to be such a strong person?" The figure behind the rock watched the man in black in the cloak slowly walk towards the place where he was hiding, and couldn't help but say.

"Fentian, don't hide."

"Today, you will die." The man in black suddenly made a rather arrogant voice, resounding throughout the mountain.

Fen Tian has been trying to investigate the collusion between the Xuanling royal family and the foreign evil clan since the sect competition began, so he poured into the Xuanling royal family several times. Go, there is no danger.

But what Ling Fentian didn't expect was that this time when he was about to find out the conspiracy of the Xuanling royal family, he was actually chased and killed by this mysterious man in front of him, from inside the Xuanling royal family to this place, if it wasn't for Fen Tian's extraordinary abilities I am afraid that it has become the soul of his subordinates.

And what Fentian didn't expect was that the strength of this mysterious person in front of him was actually stronger than himself!

He is already in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian, if he is stronger than himself, then there is no doubt...

After all, in the battle of immortals, even a small difference in level is enough to decide the outcome.

There is still a long way to go from the Fenxiang Pavilion, so even if it is as powerful as Fentian, it is still somewhat powerless.

"Humph."

"It's just a lackey of the Xuanling royal family." Fen Tian looked at the mysterious man who was getting closer and closer, and was not hiding, he walked out of the back of the rock and said to the mysterious man.

"Ha ha."

"In the past, I wasn't in the Xuanling royal family, so I let you do anything wrong, but now I've taken care of other things."

"Next is you."

"When you are killed, one day later, the entire Xuan Santian will be buried with you." The mysterious man said calmly.

"Really?"

"I don't know what kind of grievances there will be in a day?" Hearing this, Fen Tian couldn't help but say, doubtfully.

"Knowing too much is not good for you."

"Your strength in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian is very strong..."

"However, it's time to hit the road!" At the end of the sentence, circles of fiery red flames burst out from the mysterious man's body, attacking Fentian.

"The power of Yanchi?" Fen Tian's eyesight is so sharp, this fiery red flame just emerged, and he suddenly felt a familiar wave, and he was surprised.

"That's right, the reward is..."

"Send you to hell!" And the mysterious man wasn't too afraid of Fen Tian. After all, the difference in direct strength between the two was too obvious, so he had no worries.

"not good!"

"Run!" And Fen Tian was also someone who made a decisive decision. He knew that the mysterious person in front of him was stronger than himself, and he would not have any chance of winning if he stayed here.

"It's too late!" The mysterious man was surrounded by fiery red flames, and before Fentian could escape, circles of fiery red flames attacked Fentian directly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Flame realm..." Looking at the short breathing time, the surroundings were surrounded by this fiery red flame, and a heavy feeling came, and Fen Tian's face became more and more solemn.

"Blue Profound Wolf!" But as the flame domain took shape, the mysterious man called out slightly.

"Cangxuan wolf?"

"Xuan Cang, the ancestor of the Xuanling royal family?" Looking at this scene, even Fen Tian, ​​who was always calm, turned pale.

"It is rumored that the ancestor of the Xuanling royal family, Xuan Cang, has been gifted since childhood, and the Cangxuan wolf is a product of his domain. He once used this trick when he was a one-star fighting immortal to kill a two-star fighting immortal... ..." Burning Tian couldn't help recalling.

As Fen Tian's voice fell, a mysterious space of hundreds of meters appeared in the flame domain.

The space passage of several hundred meters just appeared, and suddenly countless small runes engraved with mysterious fluctuations emerged, and in the center of the space passage, a wolf king suddenly stepped on his forefoot, which was directly reflected in Fen Tian's pupils.

It was a wolf king with silver hair all over his body, strong limbs, and the mysterious rune on his forehead, which showed the king's aura to the fullest.

"Cangxuan Wolf, kill him for me!" Seeing the appearance of the wolf king, the mysterious man ordered.

"Woooooo!" Cangxuan Wolf raised his arrogant head when he heard the words, and then the mysterious rune above his head flashed brightly!

The next moment, his whole body turned into a silver bow and arrow, and flashed directly at Fen Tian!

"Burning Heaven Cauldron!"

"Protect me!" At this time, Fen Tian also knew that there was no hope of escaping, so his eyes sank, and an extremely terrifying force was erupting.

"Boom boom boom." The silver bow and arrow were like thunder, extremely fast, and instantly hit Fen Tian.

In front of Fen Tian, ​​a mysterious giant cauldron also engraved with countless tiny runes suddenly appeared, and the two forces were instantly stalemate.

"Between the two-star fighting immortals, even if it is a small one, it can decide the outcome."

"So... Burning Heaven..."

"Die!" And the mysterious man couldn't help roaring directly when he saw Fen Tian's resistance so hard.

"Xuan... King Xuanling?"

"Are you controlling him?" But Fen Tian couldn't help his pupils shrinking when he heard this wild laughter.

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, the silver bow and arrow directly smashed Fen Tian Ding, and then penetrated Fen Tian's body heavily!

"Pfft!" Fen Tian was so seriously injured that he couldn't help gushing out a mouthful of blood, his breath suddenly weakened.

"As expected of Fen Tian." And the mysterious man couldn't help being shocked when he saw Fen Tian like this.

The Cangxuan Wolf's attack just now hit Fen Tian's vital point, and it could kill him with one blow, but in the end, Fen Tian moved the place where he attacked, so today's Fen Tian was only severely injured, not in a state of fall.

"You are very smart. If you hadn't diverted the Cangxuan Wolf's attack at the last moment, I'm afraid you would be a corpse now But it doesn't matter, I don't believe you can survive the second round. !"

"Let's die." After the mysterious man finished speaking, there was a terrifying wave in the Cangxuan wolf's pupils, as if he was curious that the figure in front of him did not fall under his blow.

"Damn it..." Although Fen Tian was not fatally injured by the Cangxuan Wolf's attack, he was seriously injured after penetrating his body.

"Bang Bang Bang!" The next moment, the space surrounded by the flame field suddenly produced a shattering sound.

"The sky is full of poison!" After a while, at the broken realm, a coquettish anger, full of anger, directly attacked the mysterious man.

"Sect Master of the Poison Sect, is the One Star Fighting Immortal complete..."

"Withdraw." The mysterious man made a decision in just a few breaths.

"asshole!"

"Don't run!" The Poison Sect Sect Master couldn't help cursing.

"Fentian, are you alright?" Seeing the mysterious man leaving, the Poison Sect Sect Master hurriedly supported Fen Tian and asked with concern, but the Poison Sect Sect Master had his mind on Fen Tian and didn't notice that the mysterious man possessed Soul control.

"Return to the sect." Fen Tian said, and immediately passed out. The Sect Master of the Poison Sect heard the words and took Fen Tian Chao's Incense Pavilion with him.

"Haha, Fen Tian was seriously injured."

"The soul control guide is also in hand. Now everything is ready, only the east wind." At the distant headquarters of the Xuanling royal family, King Xuanling's pupils opened slightly, and he said maliciously.