Chapter 64: Funny scene 1!

This kind of coercion that made Xiao Yan feel like a mountain, but did not cause any hindrance to Su Xueying. The pair of Qing Mo, stared at the white liquid, and then she stretched out her jade-like plain hand and gently opened it gracefully. On the corner of the tulle under the hat, the sandalwood mouth opened lightly, and the white liquid in the air whistled down and submerged into the rosy sandalwood mouth.

"Crench!"

Xiao Yan didn't have time to appreciate Su Xueying's startling glance when he lifted a corner of the tulle. When he saw this woman swallowing the Yin-Yang Heart without hesitation, he couldn't help clenching his fists, his eyes Constantly flashing, weighing the pros and cons of hands-on, as well as victory and defeat...

The flickering eyes lasted for a while, and finally calmed down. Xiao Yan's complexion was a little ugly, and his eyes were full of unwillingness. After weighing it, he chose to stop wisely, perhaps because of his strong soul power. He always felt that the woman in the air was watching his every move.

"Forget it, although the yin and yang heart is precious, it's not worth losing your life for it."

"But why didn't this woman take black beads?"

"Could it really be..." Looking at Su Xueying who was about to refine her white yin and yang heart, Xiao Yan couldn't help but wonder.

Xiao Yan comforted himself with such helplessness in his heart. Although he was still a little depressed, he was helpless. The situation was not as good as others.

When Xiao Yan decided to give up, Su Xueying, who had already sucked all the liquid from the yin and yang heart into Tan's mouth in midair, suddenly turned around, looked at the former, and immediately let out a faint laugh: "Young Master Xiao Yan is trustworthy. Man, next I want to refine the energy of yin and yang heart, I hope you don't disturb me."

Hearing this, Xiao Yan gave a dry laugh, somewhat like a smirk, but in the end he nodded.

Xiao Yan's guess couldn't help being somewhat certain.

Then Su Xueying didn't mind how real or fake Xiao Yan's smile was, she gracefully sat cross-legged on Qinglian, her beautiful eyes slowly closed, and then Qinglian emitted a layer of cyan light, covering her entire body. The body is wrapped in.

"Oh, what a **** bad luck!"

Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan couldn't help but scolded him in a low voice. He worked so hard to reach the last place, but he didn't even catch a hair. Compared with the previous great harvest, it was simply two extremes.

However, despite the scolding, Xiao Yan still had no choice. Su Xueying's Qinglian was obviously a very powerful treasure, and the latter was obviously still guarding him.

So after scolding, Xiao Yan could only glance at the stone hall, then looked at the sarcophagus, hesitated for a moment, and walked over slowly. Since everyone came here, he had to see if there was anything else. Baby.

After seeing this series of actions, the Qinglian woman seemed to have less supervision over Xiao Yan.

"It's better to give up, otherwise..." After the Qinglian woman finished speaking, she concentrated on dealing with the white energy in front of her.

Xiao Yan also seemed to be aware of Dao Qinglian's relaxation of supervision, and immediately walked towards the throne slowly, approaching step by step.

Only Xiao Yan knew that it was the black beads who did this! Everything just now was just a disguise, in order to deceive this Qinglian woman!

Approaching the sarcophagus, he found that it was tightly wrapped.

Xiao Yan had no intention of offending, but with a wave of his hand, the lid of the sarcophagus flew away.

When I opened the sarcophagus, there was a skeleton lying flat. There were a lot of gold and silver jewelry around the skeleton. I thought it should have been a woman before her death, and it can be seen from the burial next to the skeleton of the throne that the skeleton of the woman inside the coffin It should have something to do with the skeleton on the throne. He looked at it and found that there was nothing else in it except the skeleton and some trivial gold and silver jewelry. He sighed in disappointment.

A few minutes later, when the Qinglian woman in front of her began to absorb the white yin and yang heart, she whistled away to the other palm on the throne!

Because, there is still a black yin and yang heart that exudes the same fluctuations as the white yin and yang heart!

The moment Xiao Yan got the black yin and yang heart, the space around the Qinglian woman shattered.

"Um?"

"Formation?"

The Qinglian woman also didn't realize when she actually had a formation by her side.

Is that the kid? With his strength in the middle of the three-star Dou Di, it was impossible to do it silently, and then the Qinglian girl Dai Mu also slowly swept towards where Xiao Yan was!

Meimei frowned, and the Qinglian woman saw a black bead in Xiao Yan's hand.

The beads exude the same breath as the white beads that he just refined and swallowed!

"Give me!"

The Qinglian woman also flew out a terrifying blue flame from under the Qinglian and attacked Xiao Yan!

Apparently, she also found out that she was trapped in the formation of the owner of the ruins just now, so she didn't see the black beads, or she would definitely not let this treasure go because of her personality.

"He's meowing!"

Xiao Yan also knew the extraordinaryness of this cyan flame, and immediately moved his eyes and devoured the black beads directly into his stomach.

Three thousand thunderbolts unfolded in an instant and escaped behind the skeleton of the throne!

"Boom boom boom!"

Even if the Qinglian woman is devouring and refining the white yin and yang heart, the attack she unleashes is very powerful!

The skeleton of the throne was attacked by blue flames, and it made a sound.

After the aftermath passed, the throne bones remained motionless, but above the bones, the vertebrae were baked by the attack of the cyan flame, and some faint rays of light appeared!

The traces of light were a bit like scrolls.

Xiao Yan was also a sharp-eyed person, and only then did he see the faint rays of light above the bones of the throne. With lightning speed, he skipped the vertebrae with his palms, and put the thing in the receiving ring.

The Qinglian woman was obviously very surprised why there was still something similar to the yin and yang heart, but she felt the same fluctuations as the energy in front of her from the fluctuations emanating from the black beads!

But at this time, she was already an important part of Devotion, so she had to concentrate and not be distracted.

In any case, Xiao Yan couldn't run away from the ruins. After he had refined it, he would just grab the black beads.

The hardness of this bead, UU reading www.uukanshu. Even if com was swallowed into the stomach by Xiao Yan, it would not be refined for a while, and immediately absorbed the energy in front of him with all his strength.

The Qinglian woman didn't know that Xiao Yan's body was forged by twenty-three kinds of different fires. Although the different fires couldn't compare to the holy flames, the fire attribute fighting qi and energy in Xiao Yan's body were absolutely comparable to hers.

The black beads were also slowly refined and decomposed by the strange fire when Xiao Yan swallowed them.

Xiao Yan saw that the Qinglian woman had no free time to attack him, so she landed on the ground and came to the sarcophagus.

"These two seniors have taken a lot of things from you, and the juniors made do with salute to you." Glancing at the bones in the coffin, Xiao Yan said helplessly, after looking at the bones on the throne. What are the black beads, how come there is no reaction after eating it?

And then, he didn't care about the black beads he just ate, so he bowed to the bones of the two.

"Um?"

However, the moment Xiao Yan bent over, his eyes suddenly saw that in the sarcophagus, on the inner coffin wall beside the skeleton, there seemed to be some boys, and he hurried over.

"In my life, I live by the power of yang, and my lover lives by the power of yin. After death, it becomes a double heart of yin and yang."

And then bent over to the skeleton on the throne

Because there are still several striking characters on the throne of the bones!

"This good fortune is not a combination of yin and yang."

The short two sentences made Xiao Yan stunned for a while, frowning and thinking for a while, then he suddenly understood what it meant, and then suddenly looked at Su Xueying in midair, a face, and immediately It's become extremely exciting and weird.

However, at this time, Xiao Yan also had terrifying forces flowing out of his body.