Chapter Vol 4 1508: The depths of the town demon prison!

"Damn it..."

"The power of the spirit blood generals here is too strong." In the bamboo forest outside the holy flame space, with Du Qifei, Xiao Gui and Liu Qing as a triangle, they besieged the spirit blood generals.

Although the strength of the three is extraordinary, no matter what, the dazzling attack of the three also falls on the strange armor of the Earth Spirit Blood General, so no matter the tyrannical attack, the power is suddenly weakened, which makes them always in a disadvantageous situation, but It is strange to say that the Earth Spirit Blood General has the advantage of crushing, but he is attacking with defense instead of attacking rashly, which makes the three of them quite puzzled.

"The armor on the body of the spirit blood general seems to be a rare treasure. It can absorb the power of the attacker for his own use." Yuan Yan, who was watching the battle from a distance, carefully looked at the four people in the battle. , couldn't help being surprised.

"It should be an evil weapon, just like the hundreds of immortal weapons in our world, it has a rather strange power."

"However, the power of the spirit blood general in the middle stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal, plus this strange armor, I am afraid that the three of them may not be able to defeat."

"And the spirit blood general here seems to be waiting for something." Yuan Hong's strength and perception are not cheap, so naturally he easily noticed other things.

"Boom!" Immediately, the figure of the soul inhaled by the sacred flame space over the bamboo forest suddenly appeared, and then there was a formation stone covered with dazzling patterns in his hand.

"Successful?" The Earth Spirit Blood General also smiled when he saw the appearance of the ghost.

"Well, let's go." Soul Nie tilted his head slightly and said, and immediately prepared to cross the bamboo forest and go deeper. After all, Xiao Yan and the Poison Temple Demon Empress were obviously more important than the latter.

"That's... the formation stone of the Qiankun Ancient Array. Isn't this thing in Brother Xiao Yan's hands? How could it be in his hands? Could it be that something happened to Brother Xiao Yan?" Yuan Yan's face was tense and serious.

"Don't worry, I can still feel Xiao Yan's breath, it's not a big problem." Yuan Hong hurriedly said, but even with the relationship between Yuan Hong and Yuan Yan sisters, it was rare to see her caring so much about outsiders. I don't know what kind of ecstasy Xiao Yan gave Yuan Yan.

"That's Xiao Yan's stuff."

"Go ahead, you stop the Earth Spirit Blood General, and I'll go get him back." Although he didn't know what happened in the Holy Flame Space, but the ghost holding Xiao Yan's things in his hand, Du Qifei would not let him go no matter what. leave.

"I won't play with you!"

"Earth Spirit Blood Armor!" In an instant, a roar emerged from the Earth Spirit Blood General's mouth, and suddenly the strange armor on his body emitted bursts of dazzling power, and the tyrannical force easily blocked everyone.

"Let's go." After a while, the evil spirits and the blood of the earth spirit will give each other a glance, and then head towards the depths of the bamboo forest, and this bamboo forest was originally designed to isolate the existence of evil spirits. After crossing the bamboo forest, not far behind is the The place to suppress the poisonous demon queen.

"Damn it..." After a short while, after Xiao Gui and several people resolved the offensive of the Earth Spirit Blood General, the two souls had disappeared.

"You stay here, I'll go after them." In an instant, Du Qifei's beautiful eyes squirmed slightly, then glanced at the place where the Holy Flame Space existed, and said directly.

"Let's go together." Just as Duo Qifei's voice was about to leave, the Holy Flame Space also slowly wriggled away, and Xiao Yan's figure slowly came into everyone's sight.

"Big Brother Xiao Yan, how could the formation stone in your hand be caught by that mysterious guy..." Seeing Xiao Yan appearing, Yuan Yan couldn't help but ask, after all, Xiao Yan's aura was still tyrannical, not at all like It is the appearance of being defeated by the ghost.

"The promise of Lord Tianwang Zang, of course, cannot be broken. It's just that they control the secrets of the Qiankun Ancient Array. If we want to get close to the Poison Temple Demon Empress, we have to rely on them." explained.

"So that's the case." Everyone heard the words and nodded slowly.

"Let's go, pass through here, you will be close to the real core of Demon Suppression Prison..."

"And passing through this bamboo forest means that we have no chance of winning the points competition. Please consider it carefully." Xiao Yan did not insist, and explained the pros and cons clearly.

"Don't worry, among us, no one will back down." At this time, the girls nodded slowly, obviously the points competition was not necessary for them. As for Liu Qing, he will go back to Dou Di Continent at the end of this competition, and Du Qifei has reincarnation, not to mention.

"In that case, let's go."

"Let me see how tyrannical this so-called 'Emperor'-level Poison Temple Demon Empress is." Xiao Yan took the lead, and after speaking, everyone passed through the bamboo forest and headed towards the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison.

In other parts of the Demon Suppression Prison, fierce battles are also going on.

The powerhouses on the four continents fought one after another, taking food from the mouths of other powerhouses, so the number of tens of thousands of contestants suddenly appeared, and at this time there were still only a handful of powerhouses in the Demon Suppression Prison. As for the ranking of points It is also clear at a glance.

At this time, the top scorer was actually Hei Jue from Ghost Shadow Valley, the second and third were Lin Lin and Lin Yuan from Wanshun Palace, the fourth and fifth were Liu Yun and Nebula, and the sixth was Xiao Yan. Shen Jun from the Seventh Soul Beast Alliance, Liu Yang from the Eighth Thousand Ghost Sect, and the ninth one was a guy with a relatively low reputation. As for the tenth place, it was actually Xiao Gui.

"I'm the first in points... It seems that I didn't run away when I entered Li Soul Domain."

"But there seems to be something interesting in the depths of this town."

"Have a look." As soon as the voice fell, afterimages appeared one after another, this guy is the black absolute number one in the standings!

"Now it seems that the powerhouses above the four continents are probably only ten of us, and the ranking has basically been determined."

"But I guess, I'm afraid that their target is the place where the poisonous demon queen is sealed. After all, the blood of the earth spirit in the dead silent valley has leaked a lot of information in a valley. , Liu Yun and Nebula slowly opened their mouths.

"Sister, what are we doing now?"

"Leaving the Demon Suppression Prison directly or..." Liu Yun couldn't help but ask, the top ten points can directly enter the Li Soul Realm, and if they leave now, they can retain this qualification.

"Wait a minute, go to the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison. After all, this time during the Demon Suppression Prison experience, the top ten points have never played against each other in any form. I believe they have the same idea as us."

"After all, the ranking of points is the key to entering Li Soul Realm in the future." Senior Sister Xingyun said slowly with her beautiful eyes.

"If that's the case, then let's go." After the two finished speaking, they headed towards the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison at the same time.

The top ten in the standings, and the other nine people, are all three-star Dou Xian consummate strength, and even some people are vaguely about to set foot in the four-star Dou Xian, but only Xiao Yan is only in the middle of the three-star Dou Xian.

As many powerhouses in the four continents and the powerhouses of the Hidden Soul Society moved towards the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison, the most lively scene in this Demon Suppression Prison was slowly emerging.