Chapter Vol 4 1362: Pray for cloud healing!

"It's really a group of cunning humans." Seeing Xiao Yan and the others who rushed into the space formation and disappeared instantly, Huan Tong immediately retracted all the attacks, stood there blankly, and muttered to himself.

No matter how these guys escape, they can't escape from the Thunder Tomb, because the current Thunder Tomb has been secretly changed by the powerhouses of their ghostly clan, and they can only enter but not go out!

"It's better not to report this matter to Lord Huan Zun. After I capture the master of this holy flame, let Lord Huan Zun have a good time."

"Let's go!" After Phantom Tong finished speaking, the figure flickered, bathed under the green robe, and continued to move towards other places.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan and the others were at a critical moment, but fortunately, Xiao Yan used the space shuttle handprint to escape the attack of the phantom pupil. Otherwise, the six of them just now would be dead.

"Cough cough cough." The space channel emerged, and suddenly everyone came directly to a mountain range.

The mountain is low and flat, and the huge bushes and vegetation cover it very well, making it a natural refuge.

"Are you okay?" Seeing Yun Qi's pale face, Yu Wei asked with concern.

"I... I'm fine." Yun Qi forced a smile to the crowd and said, but only she knew that the injury in her body was not optimistic.

"Yun Qi, don't hold on, now Xiao Yan has the holy flame, which is just right to expel the evil power for you." Du Qifei said at a glance.

"En." Yun Qi and Du Qifei were also old rivals, so Yun Qi didn't need to cover up after being exposed by them.

"I am afraid that the situation in this Thunder Tomb is also severe. Today's refuge is probably only the Thunder Pond."

"In the Thunder Pond, there is the power of thunder, which is the most yang and just, although it is not as good as the nemesis of the holy flame for the aliens, but if we enter the Thunder Pond, we can also avoid the attacks of the aliens." Duo Qifei continued to speak. .

"We lost contact with the outside world, and the thunder card that left the thunder tomb also lost its effect, what should I do?" Yu Ran said slightly.

"In the Thunder Tomb, there is a holy place, where the evil races from outside the territory are categorically afraid to go."

"After we enter the Thunder Pond, I will take Xiao Yan to the forbidden area. Whether or not this crisis can be resolved depends on good fortune." Duo Qifei said slightly, this is one of the few ways for him, otherwise, in the end, I am afraid only Only by triggering reincarnation can this extraterritorial evil race be completely suppressed.

"These are some healing medicines, everyone should take them as soon as possible."

"When I get rid of the evil power in Yun Qi's body, we will immediately go to the Thunder Pond to take refuge." Hearing Du Qifei's voice, everyone nodded and Xiao Yan said.

"Also, Liu Qing, use your soul voice transmission to tell the contestants in the Thunder Tomb to go to the Thunder Pond for refuge." The next moment, Xiao Yan opened his mouth.

"In this case, doesn't it reveal our position?" Liu Qing asked slightly.

"I am afraid that most of the Lei Tombs have already been controlled by the Ghost Clan, so even if they know about it, it doesn't matter." Xiao Yan said.

"Since that's the case, let's start." After Liu Qing finished speaking, the girls were in charge of guarding the mountains, while Liu Qing began to use soul power to transmit messages and let the contestants who had not yet been controlled go to the Thunder Pond.

"Let's go too." Xiao Yan looked at the pale Yun Qi and said.

"Where to?" Yun Qi asked.

"There is a river in front of you. Holy flame forces out the power of evil, and the water flow can help you recover faster." Xiao Yan scratched his head and said, barely finding a reason to prevaricate it. Xiao Yan couldn't do it in front of a few women.

After a while, the two came to a pond not far from the mountain range.

In the pond, the water flow is about one meter deep and crystal clear. In addition, the surrounding area of ​​the pond is covered by vegetation, so no one will find it.

"I... What should I do?" When he came to the pond, he felt that the evil power in his body was constantly eroding away from his internal organs. Yun Qi didn't have time to think about it, he took a deep breath and said.

"Enter the center of the pond, protect your mind, and leave the rest to me." Xiao Yan originally wanted to say that he took off his clothes and entered the pond. Big mistake, but think about it carefully, after all, men and women are different, so he still shook his head and said.

"Okay." Yun Qi heard the words, and a blush flashed on her pretty face. With her huge soul power, she naturally discovered Xiao Yan's thoughts.

"Crash." As soon as he entered the pond, he sat down immediately, his elegant dress was instantly wet by the water, and the wet dress was tightly attached to Yun Qi's body, giving the graceful curve to him. outline. "Fire!" The next moment, Xiao Yan also walked gently

Next to Yun Qi, the khaki-yellow holy flame crystal appeared directly on the palm of the hand, and the khaki-yellow holy flames continued to emerge, filling the entire pond.

"What a tyrannical flame energy... It is indeed a holy flame. This level of energy is much more tyrannical than my fire-type little heavenly seed." Yun Qi felt the baking of the khaki flame, and suddenly felt in his heart. He muttered slightly.

"Is it at the chest..." His eyes swept across Yun Qi's shatterable face, and he immediately looked down, but he found a faint green light between the two undulating mountains in front of his chest. .

"The location of your wound is a bit special." Xiao Yan said with a frown, obviously because of the isolation of clothes, there was a lot of resistance to Xiao Yan's power to expel evil.

"I know, the situation was urgent...you just let it go."

"You saved my life." Yun Qi whispered.

"That can only be presumptuous, take off your clothes, and I will completely expel the power of evil for you." Xiao Yan closed his eyes, then turned his back to Yun Qi.

"It's really a gentleman." Looking at Xiao Yan's actions, Yun Qi couldn't help but two small dimples appeared on his pretty face, and smiled.

The next moment, the crimson on Yun Qi's pretty face was even more alluring. Obviously, although she was the favored son of heaven, it was the first time she had come into contact with the opposite **** at such a close distance, but she still carefully unbuttoned the clothes on her chest.

"Is that ok?" Yun Qi took off all the clothes on his chest, and then a touch of spring light was exposed in the pond space, and asked Xiao Yan.

"Calm down!"

"I'm going to start!"

"If you can't bear it, just remind me loudly." Xiao Yan turned around, and on top of the dazzling holy flame crystal, drops of khaki-yellow liquid slowly dripped towards Yun Qi's chest.

"Sisi!" The khaki liquid just touched Yun Qi's chest, and a fiery burning sensation came from his body.

"It hurts!" Being tortured so much, Yun Qi couldn't help but let out a low voice of coquettish anger.

"Then take a rest..." Xiao Yan said after seeing a few drops of khaki liquid dripping down, the evil light group on his chest weakened slightly.

"No, I can... persevere!" At this moment, a rare stubbornness appeared on Yun Qi's face.

"Then continue, and remember to tell me when you can't hold it any longer." Xiao Yan nodded slightly when he heard the words, but he did not dare to exert too much holy flame power, but slowly expelled it.

At this moment, in the pond, a khaki flame continued to flicker, and a fascinated sound of anger continued to sound.

. full book m.