Chapter Vol 4 1659: Cold jade bamboo!

"Humph."

"You guy is a lion." You Er heard the words and couldn't help but feel a little resentful.

If it weren't for the things in the Ice Palace below, only the power of the soul could be obtained. You'er naturally wouldn't seek Xiao Yan's help, but as of now, I'm afraid it can only be traded.

"What do you think?" Xiao Yan said jokingly. Obviously, he also had a slight sense of the mysterious thing at the bottom, so he dared to speak like a lion.

"I promise you."

"If you help me obtain the treasure below, I will give you the detailed map of the Shrine of the Lord of Souls... But if it doesn't work, I'm afraid..." You Er said after some thought.

"Okay." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded lightly. Although the things below are mysterious and precious, but now that he has two holy flames, he is naturally not afraid.

"What exactly is below?" Watching the two reach a deal, Eriner pulled Little Dolma, her eyes seemed to want to look through this airtight ice layer, but unfortunately she couldn't see what was at the bottom of the ice palace.

"There is a precious medicinal herb called Hanyuling Bamboo here." You Er did not shy away and said directly.

"Han Yuling Bamboo?" Irene was slightly surprised when she heard the words. Obviously, something of this level must be very valuable, but if there was only one medicinal herb, how could so many strong men rush to **** it.

"Hanyuling Bamboo, mortals only know that this is a medicinal material, but they don't know its mysterious effect."

"It is green in color and can block most of the power of flames. It can be said to be the nemesis of some flames. With it, I am afraid it is quite easy to enter the hot zone. It’s not a long-term solution.” Xiao Yan immediately explained that for an alchemist, the efficacy of these herbs is naturally kept in mind. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"But they didn't leave the good undead holy tan, why did they come here to get this thing?" After a while, Xiao Yan was also puzzled.

"According to the information I got, the Holy Tan of the Undying is at the core of this place, and there is a sea of ​​fire there. With my soul power, I'm afraid I wouldn't dare to stay for a quarter of an hour, so I'm looking for these heaven and earth spirits that shelter the flames. It has become a crucial step to enter the core of the Holy Tan of the Undying." You'er explained.

"It seems that this immortal fire is not so simple." Xiao Yan nodded.

"How can it be simple for the top 20 flames on the Holy Flame List..."

"Let's go." As soon as the voice fell, several people concealed their figures, and directly followed the spiral staircase in the center of the ice layer, step by step toward the bottom of the ice palace, but the temperature, the further down, it was surprisingly cold. , and even below, there are already several figures standing slowly.

"what should I do now?"

"The ice layer that protects this thing can't be broken even if we work together." At the bottom of the Ice Palace, in a fairly flat earth vein, the two people in Xuantian Hall appeared one after the other, but they were standing on the ice layer. Above, and in front of the two, a spectacular scene of ice sculptures emerged. Among the ice sculptures, was a green plant that was as lush as bamboo.

Cold jade bamboo!

This thing is the representative of the power of extreme cold. With its protection, I am afraid that it can weaken the power of fire attribute power by nearly 30%.

"This thing is indestructible, but if it is destroyed, I am afraid that we will enter the Holy Tan of the Undying, and it will be more fortunate." One of the two shook his head helplessly.

"Sacrificing the soul lock... Immortal fire is imminent, can't wait."

"If the journey of undead fire is successful, the status and strength of our ghost kingdom will also rise." As soon as the voice fell, a circle of black lines burst out around the two bodies, and the black lines slowly condensed into A pitch-black chain the size of a hundred feet!

The dark chains had just appeared, and bursts of screams and roars erupted uncontrollably. Even above the chains, illusory soul bodies struggled hard, as if trying to break free from their shackles.

"The power of the soul lock!"

"Break it for me!" The soul locks of the two seem to be the same, but they are different. After a while, the two snorted coldly. ice sculpture.

"Weng Om!" The ice sculpture was attacked like this, and some pieces of ice fell off it directly. Even the cold jade bamboo inside was shaken a little, but it didn't have too many strong fluctuations.

"Strange...how come the methods these guys use are exactly the same as the Soul Palace?"

"Is this ghost kingdom really as I guessed, the ghost kingdom is part of the power of the soul clan?"

"It is also said that they have some unspeakable secrets." Xiao Yan and the others relied on the tyrannical soul power to wrap up, and the Xuantian Temple two concentrated on dealing with the ice sculptures, so they did not find them, just as Xiao Yan who has fought with the soul clan for many years For Yan, the methods of the Soul Race are too familiar.

"Do it!" At this time, You Er also knew that she couldn't wait any longer, and immediately shouted.

"Crash!" You Er's voice just fell, and the power of the souls that wrapped them spread out like ripples, and the bodies of the four people also emerged, but Xiao Zhuoma's eyes were only staring at the green plants inside the ice sculpture.

"There are enemies!" At that time, the keen sense of smell of the two powerhouses in Xuantian Temple directly discovered Xiao Yan and the others, and the soul locks wrapped around them and a cold light shot out from their eyes.

"Half-step five-star fighting immortals will be handed over to you, and I will do the rest." After You Er finished speaking, a strange light flashed all over his body, and he immediately confronted the strongest of the two.

These two are both soul bodies, but their soul power is quite weak, not as tyrannical as Xiao Yan and the other two, but the ghost energy in them is heart-pounding.

"The soul power of the two of you may be our best tonic, let's catch it!" Qiqi's novel was first published on the Internet

"Susu!" Seeing that Xiao Yan was only in the middle stage of Four Star Fighting Immortals, the man suddenly sneered, his voice filled with a fiery taste.

"Hey!" Xiao Yan didn't act rashly, but a strange force within his body wriggled, and Xiao Yan's shadow immediately fell off and was hidden in the void, and no one else noticed it for a while.

There are three people in Xuantian Hall this time, the leader is Xuan Yuan, who is the strength of the five-star fighting immortal early stage, the second person is named Mu Wushuang, who is also the strength of the five-star fighting immortal early stage, and the last person is Tian Feng, The strength of a half-step five-star fighting immortal.

"Give me death!"

"Soullock, sacrifice to the sky!" Tian Feng stared at Xiao Yan with gloomy eyes, and immediately waved his hand, the dark soullock roared away with a wave of terrifying waves that eroded his heart.

"What a tyrannical attack...but..."

"The Seal of the Heavenly King!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't panic. The fighting force within his body tumbled violently. The handprints suddenly folded together. Immediately, the ancient handprints continued to change. Suddenly, in front of his palm, bursts of masculine power sprang up like bamboo shoots after a rain. , come back to life!

"Boom!" The terrifying energy ripples spread out from the two, but the temperature here did not change because of the battle between the two, but it was getting lower and lower!