Chapter Vol 4 1809: Tosho's shot!

"Boom!" In the sky, the real death battle like two ancient gods of war has reached its final white-hot stage.

"Choke choke!" The holy sword squirmed, and the countless white feathers around it were like sharp weapons like mountain peaks. The ear-piercing tremors shook the entire space, and at the same time it stung the hearts of everyone at the bottom of the nest.

"Boom!" The mighty self-exploding fel energy, like a ripple of death energy, flew directly towards the holy sword. For a time, in the self-exploding energy of dark green fel energy, there was death, fear, and madness. To the extreme morbid, countless strange demon powers fill the entire space!

This is the power and emotion that a demon should have.

"The brilliance of the firefly is also worthy of winning glory with Haoyue?" Seeing that Marr relied on the power of the last blood and water, and based on his demon attributes, he completely abandoned himself and exploded, trying to destroy and kill himself with this attack. , there was a hint of contempt.

"Crash!" With a sound, the self-explosion produced an energy ball like a dark green evil cloud. When it touched the holy sword, it was easily torn by it, and the dark green energy quickly disappeared like a moth to a flame.

One blow, just one blow, the self-exploding power of Marr under the half-demon, completely fell under the angel's holy sword of judgment.

"Next, it's time to harvest." After removing Marr, countless powers were swayed by his Merkal at will, and Marr's power and breath disappeared without a trace, completely perishing here!

Immediately, the void here regained its brightness, and it was illuminated by the scorching bright holy light, and the entire nest was also filled with a touch of sacred aura.

"Where's Xie Ding?"

"Where is the devil fruit???" At this moment, Mekal's beautiful eyes looked at the canopy of the evil tree, but the holy eyes were touched by the slightest, and an extreme anger surged like a volcanic eruption, appearing here In a lair!

Regarding this demonic experiment, the traveling angel Mekal has been tracking it for hundreds of years. This time, he is ready to go, one is to capture Marr, and the other is to collect devil fruits and bring them back to the Holy See, but there are two devil fruits in front of you. , it just disappeared for no reason!

"No...it's the devil who did it." With a casual glance, he also found a small, inconspicuous space at the bottom of the lair. In conjunction with just now, Marr directly sacrificed his body and turned into blood, and even ended his own death by self-destruction. Life, all this is probably to buy time for its subordinates to escape, and the devil fruit is naturally taken out by its subordinates.

"You...help Zhou and fall under the brilliance of God together." The beautiful eyes showed a faint passage, and seemed to perceive the line of Gamma's escape. With endless radiance.

"She wants to destroy this place!" Several powerful criminals looked pale and lost their voices.

"A dignified angel, the self-proclaimed messenger of God who maintains the order of the world, when will he kill innocent people so indiscriminately." At this moment, the bodies of Xiao Yan and the Dark Lord poured into Mekal's sight.

"I don't need any intervention from you in my actions."

"This is the lair of demon experiments. You people have been contaminated by demons, and your souls have already become rotten."

"I'm doing this to redeem you. You should thank me with all your gratitude, instead of bargaining with me here like a beggar!" Mekal felt a little funny. The man in front of him was trying to redeem others like a savior. He didn't know Is he even incapable of protecting himself?

A mere five-star fighting immortal, even if there is a dark underworld warrior, in his eyes, he is like an ant, and he can crush it to death at will.

"It seems that the angels that people call... it's just like that. No wonder Marr is so jealous of you." At this moment, Xiao Yan didn't want to waste time with Mekal. He also knew that the current devil's lair, Mekal, would definitely be destroyed. , even if it sacrifices thousands, tens of thousands of innocent humans and sea beasts for this, so what?

She is an angel and the maintainer of the order in the world. Even if her actions are inappropriate, who in the world would dare to judge and slander her?

And as long as she uses the excuse of destroying evil and obliterating demons, no one in the world will question her!

"If you want to destroy this place, you have to step on my corpse first." Taking a deep breath, even with the protection of the dark power of the dark underworld, Xiao Yan smelled a wave that was infinitely close to death from the angel. , Xiao Yan said dashingly after looking at the crowd that was bustling like a tide behind him.

"Boom!" For a time, the dark men around Xiao Yan burst into a dazzling darkness, as if the most loyal servants were loyal to their companions. It is easy to cover the divine light as an angel.

In an instant, the void in the lair, which was originally filled with angelic white light, was completely dispelled and covered by the soul of holy flame!

"The power of holy flame?"

"Since you are courting death, then I will fulfill you!"

"After you die, I will personally cut open your body and deprive you of the holy flame!" Seeing the amber flame on Xiao Yan's body, Mekal's expression finally became happy.

Although the long-planned plan was completely crushed by Marr's self-destruction this time, being able to conquer a holy flame is enough to alleviate the loss this time.

While speaking, the holy wings behind Mekal were gently instigated, like a goddess who had fallen into the mortal world, her body was pure white light feathers, inviolable and inviolable.

On the footsteps, the white boots of the moon were in the void rippling with countless shimmering holy lights, the palm of his hand was gently raised, and he was casually facing Xiao Yan, as if the nine gods were contemptuous.

"Huhu." Seeing this, Xiao Yan's tyrannical pressure made Shengyan around him unconsciously protect him, took a deep breath, and looked at Mekal with awe.

"Xiao Yan!" At this moment, Ji Xuan below suddenly spoke, his voice was extremely sharp, and even the countless humans who moved towards the only exit position suddenly raised their eyes, watching the battle between gods and mortals in the sky. He stood there, unable to return to his senses for a long time.

It seems that without any thought, he can predict the next step. Xiao Yan's body standing on the dark underworld will be completely pierced and obliterated by the angel in an instant!

"You still have a long way to go. Now let me do this kind of scene." The countless holy breaths around the angel turned into a beam of light the size of an arm, blasting towards Xiao Yan with a sound like a sleeping giant A dragon-like voice slowly came from the Emperor Yan Ring on Xiao Yan's finger.

"Well...Master, please."

"Next time I meet her, I will get to know her with my own hands." Xiao Yan heard the words, his mind closed slightly, his soul indifferently faded into the soul realm, and his body control was also instantly released. .

"Kacha." In an instant, Xiao Yan's pupils became brilliant, and a majestic divine power that was like a supreme monarch, surpassing that of an angel, leaned out from his weak body like a torrential rain, and immediately raised his hand, the same is true With a casual blow, countless cracks appeared on the holy beam of light that was enough to obliterate Xiao Yan, and in the blink of an eye, they turned into powder.

At this moment, the battle situation has turned around!