Chapter Vol 4 1393: Eastern Continent's Difficulty!

"Weng Om!" Xiao Yan and Du Qifei traveled through the handprints directly through Xiao Yan's space, escaping the terrifying space and heading towards the Thunder Pond.

"Xiao...Xiao Yan, are you alright?" In the void, looking at the obvious hole in Xiao Yan's chest, Duo Qifei's beautiful eyes couldn't help but be a little absent-minded, and a touch of self-blame emerged, obviously if it wasn't for protection just now For himself, Xiao Yan would definitely not suffer such a serious injury, but it is strange to say that Xiao Yan suffered such a serious injury, and the breath in his body was extremely stable, and there was no blood coming out of the hole.

"You said this?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan shook his head slightly, and then the paleness on his face disappeared instantly, and even the hole in his chest was nourished by his fighting spirit, and instantly restored to its original skin.

"This... what's going on?" Du Qifei asked with a look of surprise.

"The attack of the Soul Guard is really tyrannical. If it wasn't for the blessing of my master and my body-forging technique, I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to resist." Xiao Yan shook his head.

The Bloodsoul Sword and Crossbow are indeed tyrannical. If it wasn't for the protection of the Soul Eater Lord, I am afraid that just that blow would be enough to seriously injure Xiao Yan, or even kill him completely.

However, with the protection of the Soul Eater, the Blood Soul Sword and Crossbow is like a child playing at home, without any lethality. Although it pierced Xiao Yan's chest, it did no harm to Xiao Yan, at best it was just some flesh wounds. , it was just trying to deceive the Soul Guard, and for a pharmacist of Xiao Yan's level, the skin regeneration was only a moment's worth.

"Where are we going now?" Du Qifei said slightly.

"Let's go to Leichi, and join the big army first." Xiao Yan thought for a while and said, after all, the space shuttle handprint can only lead to places that are close and Xiao Yan has been.

"I'm sorry about what happened just now... I was too impulsive."

"Father should have his plans..." Seeing that Xiao Yan's internal injuries did not have much impact, Du Qifei said immediately.

"Don't worry, I have secretly exorcised the evil spirits from outside the territory in the main body of the valley."

"And the Valley Master didn't struggle deliberately in the end, he should have his auspicious plan." Xiao Yan smiled.

"Father... that's really amazing!" Duo Qifei also shook his head slowly when he heard the words. Obviously, with Xiao Yan's reassurance, he was not afraid of anything.

Thunder Pool.

"What the **** happened to this thunder pool?"

"I don't know...but the Thunder Pond should not have returned to normal..." Mu Ge and his party have been entrenched in the Thunder Pond and did not go out hastily. After all, although the alien race was defeated, all the contestants returned to normal, but for safety reasons , is still entrenched in the thunder pool.

"Weng buzzing!" Just as a few people were talking, Lei Chi suddenly squirmed out of the void, and two figures slowly appeared.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Dou Qifei?" After the light dissipated, the contestants who were present couldn't help but be surprised.

"You guys are back." Mu Ge and Yun Qi went straight up and laughed.

"The shackles of Thunder Pond have not been completely lifted..."

"The alien race has been subdued, but the next step is probably the real war." Xiao Yan said helplessly.

"Real war?"

"How do you say this?" Several strong men in the pastoral song also looked at each other and asked with a frown.

"It should be that some forces are preparing to attack Dongzhou." Xiao Yan slowly shook his head and said in the distance.

"Attack Dongzhou?" After hearing this, many powerhouses couldn't help but take a deep breath. You must know that the number of powerhouses above Dongzhou alone is staggering, and the forces that can attack Dongzhou are also few and far between. number.

"Forget it, let's get back to our peak state first, I'm afraid it will be a tough battle." After thinking about it, Xiao Yan didn't think too much, just sat cross-legged and started to regain his breath.

This level of battle, I am afraid they are not able to intervene, but Xiao Yan, as the master of Christmas, if he needs his strength, then he will naturally be able to fight reluctantly.

"It seems that this is the only way to go now." The other strong men nodded slowly when they heard the words. Obviously, at this time, they had no other choice.

Dongzhou, outside Leicheng.

Outside the Thunder City, which was originally protected by countless thunder powers, suddenly a rare black mist emerged. Above the black mist, dozens of silhouettes suddenly appeared, and above each silhouette, there was a shocking evil atmosphere.

"Everyone...are all there?" A man sitting on the throne said in the dark fog, the black robe behind him wriggled slightly, and above the black robe, a conspicuous 'sin' came to life.

In the black fog, there are two forces in total.

The figure in the black robe is impressively the powerhouse of the Soul Palace. As for the "sin" depicted on the black robe, it is the powerhouse of the sin. Until now, the powerhouses of the sin and the Soul Palace have finally gathered together.

"Reporting to the sinner, all connections outside Dongzhou Leicheng have been cut off. Within a day, what happened on Dongzhou will not be discovered by any strong man." One of the black robes belonged to sin. The figure said.

"Okay."

"well done."

"This trip to East Continent, naturally, your benefits are indispensable." The sinner on the throne smiled slowly. He was bathed in black robes, only showing a human-like angular face, and smiled.

"How is the Youhuan clan now?" At the next moment, the sinner asked Zaidu. After all, their crime was to serve the evil clan outside the realm, although the Youhuan clan did not listen to the arrangement and acted without authorization.

"Reporting to the lord, the three adults of the Youhuan family seem to have been sealed by the master of the Thunder Valley Valley..." The figure just opened his mouth slightly, and there was a smile in his voice.

"The matter of the Youhuan Clan, our Lord Soul Guard, has already gone to deal with it, so the Lord does not need to worry."

"What adults should worry about is how to completely kill the powerhouses above Dongzhou. After all, there are no less than dozens of four-star fighting immortal powerhouses here. Our current strength is not enough to deal with them." Another The man in the black robe of the Soul Palace said to the sinner, this guy's strength is actually at the level of a four-star fighting immortal, and he should be the leader of the powerhouses in the Soul Palace.

"As long as Du Tianhong doesn't make a move, the mere four-star Fighting Immortal is nothing but my dead soul under the sword." Sin Zhi's eyes slowly became distracted, and he looked at Leicheng, who was under the protection of Thunderbolt.

"Let's do it." After a while, the leader of the Soul Palace said directly.

"Crash!" As soon as the voice fell, the sinner on the throne in the black mist stood up straight, and an extremely terrifying wave suddenly spread throughout the space!

Five Star Fighting Immortals!

The strength of this sinner has reached the ranks of the Five Star Fighting Immortals.

"Boom!" The sinister's body just stood up, and a strange smile appeared at the corner of his mouth, and then an evil aura, like half of a demon crawling out of hell, suddenly emerged, and then directly hit Leicheng's protective shield!

Leicheng is the most core place above Dongzhou. There are eight major forces here. It is the most prosperous and the most powerful place in Dongzhou. What protects Leicheng is a special thunder shield made by Du Tianhong himself!

"Hey!" Countless evil forces emerged, and they attacked the thunder shield immediately. The thunder shield was like an enemy in an instant, and the silver thunder became bright, trying to resist, but after half a sound, there was a sound of crack and shattering. , suddenly resounded through the sky from the space around Leicheng.

And as the Thunder Shield protecting Lei Cheng was broken, Lei Cheng would also be slaughtered like fish on a chopping block. By then, this Dongzhou might be in trouble.

. Mobile version update fastest URL: