Chapter Vol 4 2088: Killing you is like killing a dog, get out!

"Xiao Yan!!!" Looking at the figure and name that he had already recorded in his soul, Yan Xuan roared through gritted teeth, wishing to slash Xiao Yan with a thousand swords.

"Is the Yan clan flaming..."

"You acted like that to my Xun'er, but it was a little boring."

"Afterwards, I joined forces with Shen Hong to besiege Lingzixi. Let's fully understand the grievances between us here. After all, I don't plan to delay it again and again." Xiao Yan walked around and added immediately.

"What nonsense!"

"The auction is for the highest bidder, what does it have to do with me?"

"And Lingzixi, even if Shen Hong and I joined forces to attack her, I don't think you are a commoner who has the qualifications to climb her high!"

"Don't urinate and take care of yourself, you are just an ant living at the bottom of the world, like a rat in a sewer, you can only survive in a dark and stinky place."

"How can it be compared with the ancient races at the top of our Douyun Continent pyramid?"

"You are a waste!!!" Looking at Xiao Yan's current appearance, countless hatred and anger emerged from the corners of Yan Xuan's rather distorted ugly mouth.

"I have a good relationship with the Spiritual Race, and provoking them is equivalent to provoking me."

"But the most fundamental reason is that you angered my family Xun'er." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and there was a monstrous killing intent in his laughter.

"I am the proud son of the Yan Clan, how can you fight me?"

"Besides, the one from your family is nothing but a rouge fan in my eyes..."

"Also, you don't need to use so many excuses, I will accept it unceremoniously."

"Today's place is your real burial place!" Yan Xuan said very arrogantly, even because he had relied on the dragon scales and the silt to be very close, he vaguely noticed that Xiao Yan had a mysterious touch on his body. breath!

That breath seems to be the treasure at the bottom of the Spiritual Sea that he has been searching for!

In addition to the fire of holy flame exposed by Xiao Yan, it can be said that now Xiao Yan has become the public enemy of countless pharmacists. If Xiao Yan can be wiped out, the power of holy flame will naturally be in the bag. For them pharmacists , the improvement is not a little bit!

"A lot of nonsense!"

"I'll send you to **** today!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, the dazzling amber flames formed a flame armor, wrapping its entire body, like a true flame war god, invincible and invincible!

New Holy Flame Origin Technique, Holy Flame Armor!

With this level of strength blessing, Xiao Yan can now completely crush Yan Xuan with just his strength!

"Fire!" Seeing Xiao Yan's severe oppression, Yan Xuan roared, and the brown flames also swept out, but they only covered his body for nearly a few meters, as if he was extremely afraid of the amber flames on Xiao Yan's body.

"You have some interesting things on your body, why don't you hand them over, and then admit your mistake to Xun'er, and I will spare you." After a probe, Xiao Yan actually found that there seemed to be a very strange fluctuation on Yan Xuan's body. The fluctuation is more like the previous forbidden scroll?

Ancestor Yanyun actually put such treasures on him?

Or is it the next choice that Yanyun Ancestor just chose to prevent other powerhouses from being restless?

"I am also very interested in the holy flame on your body and the treasure taken from the bottom of the spirit sea."

"But this time, you can't beat me."

"No matter what means you use, I will win!" Yan Xuan roared arrogantly, as if he had the chance to win. After speaking, the flames all over his body violently surged, and a rare heat wave spread out, filling the surrounding void with a strong gust of energy. disturbed.

"Destroy this guy, it's not a waste of me to give that thing to you. Although you can't use its full power now, as long as it is triggered, it will be enough to obliterate Xiao Yan. Then...hehe." However, it was a cold smile and said that killing Xiao Yan was also part of the rules of the Medicine Clan Festival, so he naturally had no other concerns.

"What the **** is this guy planning?" Xun'er on the side was also looking at the rather nervous match between Xiao Yan and Yan Xuan.

"Boom!" The gorgeous amber flame was extremely oppressive, making Yan Xuan's muscles tense. In order to prevent the suppression of the holy flame, he had to disperse most of his soul power to guard against the holy flame, which also created Yan Xuan's strength. Weak, after all, Yan Xuan's strength is not as strong as Xiao Yan's.

"Rock Breaking Heaven Burial!" Seeing Yan Xuan's appearance like this, Xiao Yan didn't bother to take care of him. He raised his palm slightly, and the scorching flames danced in the armor above his body. The khaki flames were stripped out in an instant, and the ground rocks and soil below the Linggu Mountains trembled abruptly, and bursts of terrifying scenery emerged like the shaking of the earth and the mountains!

Flying sand and moving rocks, the earth shakes!

Countless powers echoed the khaki flames in front of Xiao Yan, as if something was brewing!

"This……"

"What's going on with this guy's holy flame?"

"Even the old guys like us have never heard of the flame that can strip power?" At this moment, some of the respected old men in the medicine clan couldn't help looking at each other in surprise.

The fire of holy flame is extremely mysterious, but with their memory and experience, they have never seen such means as Xiao Yan?

what on earth is it?

"The holy flame he peeled off seems to be somewhat similar to the Fire Heart Tianyan, which ranks thirty-fifth on the holy flame list, but his amber flame is unheard of." Yaoyun said to Yaoxuanyi Yaowan, who was on the side. The beautiful eyes kept flickering, trying to distinguish Xiao's Shengyan, but to no avail.

"Wait, I always think this guy seems to be related to the disappearing race."

"Xiao Clan?"

"Shhhhh..."

...

"Puchi puchi!" Pieces of rock burst from the ground of the mountain range below towards the position of the eighth peak in the sky, the void instantly solidified along the way, and a heavy depression made Yan Xuan unable to move!

"I kill you like a dog!"

"Are you going to roll by yourself or let me kill you?" Above Xiao Yan's head , a huge sphere made of Fire Heart Heavenly Rock fused with countless rocks and soil emerged, which contained endless suppressing power.

Xiao Yan knew that there are many means in the hands of the ancient race powerhouses, and I am afraid that it is not so easy to destroy Yan Xuan, so he said.

"Little bastards, don't be mad!"

"Three Xuanye fire, Wanjing Xuanxuan!" Seeing Xiao Yan's arrogant gesture, Yan Xuan's eyes narrowed tightly, and he roared with all his strength.

"Boom!" The brown flames flowed out of his body like blood, and immediately gathered in front of him into a brown light mirror with a length of 1000 meters. The mirror was filled with an endless sense of heat, as if the void could burn directly Burn it down.

Although this kind of flame can't be compared with the amber flame, but only the words of Huoxin Tianyan, an extremely terrifying atmosphere of comparison emerges!

This brown flame actually wanted to compete with Xiao Yan's Fire Heart Tianyan?

The second attack is getting more and more intense. I am afraid that after the rest, it will completely ignite this valley of medicine that has been silent for a long time!