Chapter Vol 4 2146: This is my fight, fight for you,...

"..."

At this moment, there was a rare look of worry in Liu Yun's eyes, her jade body suddenly tensed and stalemate, she raised her head abruptly, and looked at a void on the edge of the holy city.

The void there began to have slight surging traces. After the breath, it turned out to be some endless green mist, which was automatically projected from the void.

The green mist, which seems weak, is actually extremely domineering. As soon as it appeared, it easily suppressed and wiped out all the aftermath of the battle that remained in the riddled space around it.

"Yep?"

"This volatility is..."

Seeing this sudden scene, countless fighting powerhouses all stopped, a horrific suffocation came from the bottom of their hearts, and their eyes locked on an inconspicuous void in the sky of the holy city.

The void there, wriggled and twisted slightly, and a trace of domineering green mist rippled out, and in the green mist, there was a faint shadow, coming from the sky, extremely powerful!

"Hahaha!!!"

"Demon Emperor!!!"

Seeing that this void finally began to squirm, the shadow inside became more and more solid, and a frantic smile emerged from Blake's mouth and face like a lunatic.

It worked!

Your plan has been successful!

Taking the lives of these guys and the demon of light as a guide, he will lead the demon emperor out, gather the power of the Holy See Holy City to cooperate with his triple reincarnation level strength, kill the demon emperor together, and establish his chance to ascend to the kingdom of angels!

The promotion opportunity of the Angel Kingdom is different from that of all other forces. All those who are strong in the Holy See who cultivate with Angel Wings can be promoted on their own, but the promotion method must be based on the fall of a certain big man!

Angels are not right or wrong. For them, strong strength or healing power is the most important thing.

At the beginning, the slaughtering angel Lucifer was just an ordinary and unknown angel, but by chance, he obliterated the existence of a half-evil **** in a foreign evil race, which directly caused a sensation in the kingdom of angels, so he was directly promoted to the kingdom of angels. In just a few thousand years, Yi Ran stood at the top of the heavenly kingdom.

No one knows how the Slaughter Angel uses the strength of seven or eight stars to kill the half-evil god, but since then, her illustrious reputation has spread far and wide.

"The branch of the kingdom of angels, when is there such a group of stinky fish and rotten shrimp."

The green fog spreads slightly, and the colorful rainbow and the giant blade of the sky are easily disintegrated in the sky, and a deep Hong sound is suddenly transmitted from the void, swaying the mind!

At the same time, the power of the giant blade of the sky and the colorful rainbows instantly drowned under the green mist and disappeared. .

"Then... that's the Demon Realm Xeon?"

"Demon Emperor?"

Gu Xingtian and the others climbed up from the ground again, looking at the black shadow above the sky in astonishment, losing their voice.

"The Demon Emperor of the Demon World!"

Blake's voice became extremely excited.

The demon emperor of the demon world, regardless of his strength or identity, is enough to lay his own path to promotion!

The demon emperor stepped out, and the whole world was extremely quiet. People looked up and saw the demon emperor's terrifying figure emerge.

The Demon Emperor's face is handsome, even a little sharp on the edges and corners, and a faint smile hangs on his cheeks, full of endless coercion and shock. He is dressed in a rather domineering blue robe, which seems to have some kind of mysterious and mysterious. Demon power, invisibly revealing the terrifying pressure of the superior, a faint green demon light around the body, extremely domineering, tyrannical and tyrannical to make the countless sacred powers in this world eclipsed.

When he appeared, after he appeared, the entire holy city seemed extremely silent. Countless creatures and all things were extremely humble, and they did not dare to give out any movement, for fear of angering such powerhouses, and in a single thought, this place would turn into ruins.

The energy luster between heaven and earth has become dim, and even the air has solidified!

The might of the Demon Emperor is invincible!

"Senior, you shouldn't have come."

"This is a trap."

Xiao Yan did not move, feeling the power that was lost and regained in his body, without any joy, but spoke to the demon emperor, with the power of the demon emperor, these words would come into his ears without a trace.

"You did a great job."

"For helping me twice in a row, I owe you."

"But this time...it's my battle!"

The gentle voice seemed to have some kind of special magic power. When it emerged from the mouth of the demon emperor, everyone felt a chill.

After the Demon Emperor finished speaking, he turned slightly and moved, and in the blink of an eye, he came to Liu Yun.

"You shouldn't come."

"Everything here is clearly prepared for you."

Tears welled up in Liu Yun's beautiful eyes, looking at the handsome man in front of her, a burst of sourness appeared in her nose, and she choked.

Long ago, when I heard the news that he was executed, I thought I would never see him again, and I didn't enter the devil's way, but it was me who was wrong.

After tossing and turning, today I finally saw the Demon Emperor at close range. The demon of light, Liu Yun, couldn't contain the thoughts in her body. The last line of defense in her heart collapsed suddenly, and tears swept out uncontrollably.

"I never imagined that the famous demon emperor would have an affair with a demon for a weak woman."

"Today, I am here to stifle evil!"

"Come on for me!"

"kill!"

Blake smiled and instructed the countless followers under the Holy See to kill the demon emperor one after another.

These guys are all loyal believers of the Holy See and have been brainwashed long ago, so even if the Holy See asks them to die, there will be no hesitation.

As for the demon emperor, coming here today has already violated the rules of the Seven Realms. The demon of light is infected with demonic power. He has countless excuses to capture and judge the demon emperor justifiably!

Next time, as long as you defeat the Demon Emperor, your perfect plan will be a complete success!

Besides, I have obtained countless information by myself, the demon power in the Demon Emperor is no match for the Divine Breath of Light!

In this battle, you will definitely win!

"Dong, dong, dong!"

Behind Black, countless energies surged, and the sixth wing angel's wings took shape slightly, and began to gather in a transparent shape. Although it was not substantive, it was illusory, but with the increase of this illusory sixth wing, on Black, A touch of unprecedented angelic radiance brewed out.

"Tianhen, hurry up."

"As the lord of the Demon World, you broke the void and stepped into the Dou Di Continent of the Human World. By doing so, you broke the rules of the Great Thousand World..."

"Even if Blake blocked the human world center's perception of Doudi Continent, this is definitely not the place you should come!"

"I'm glad to see you before I die..."

Liu Yun lay in the Demon Emperor's arms with peace of mind.

"Xiaoyun... I found that after so many years, you are the most beautiful of all beings."

The Demon Emperor smiled softly, not seeming to take Liu Yun's words to heart, but looked at Liu Yun's profile from a close distance, and hugged her into his arms was amazed.

"you!!!"

Under the nourishment of the demon emperor's power, Liu Yun's breath and body recovered a lot, but seeing the demon emperor actually teasing her like this at this time, she suddenly struggled out of the demon emperor's arms and said angrily.

"In the past, I was too obsessed with power and glory, and ignored many important things."

"Are you willing to forgive me?"

The Demon Emperor seemed to ignore the many guards of the Holy See who were present, and looked at Liu Yundao dotingly.

"What time is it, you still say this!"

"Let's go!!!"

Liu Yun noticed that countless guards from the Holy See were swarming here, and as she looked at the sky, Black's attack became more and more hot, and she couldn't help but push the demon emperor's way.

"So this time, I'll fight for you."

"Fight for love!"

A gentle voice fell from the Demon Emperor's mouth, and the Demon Emperor's body flickered, suddenly turning into an unknown auspicious beast of pale golden color, which swept away at the countless Vatican believers in the holy city.

Courageous and shocking.

Wherever he passed, the speed was so fast that no one could see the body of the Demon Emperor, but the defenses and attacks set up by the tens of thousands of Vatican guards, in front of the Demon Emperor, were useless and collapsed in an instant.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: