Chapter 630: change teams

"What?" Xiong Yuan's voice just fell, and the next thing is to blow up the pot!

"Sister Lingxuan from our Earth Palace actually wants to join the Human Palace team?"

"Did you make a mistake!"

"Senior Sister Lingxuan is a powerhouse in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di. When she joined the Human Palace, she was undoubtedly held back by the people in the Human Palace."

"As far as I know, apart from Xiao Yan's unpredictable strength in the Hall of Humanity, the rest of the strongest people only have the strength of a five-star Dou Emperor." The disciples around Ling Xuan slowly expressed their dissatisfaction.

"Quiet!" Xiong Yuan didn't hesitate, and when he drank it suddenly, an invisible wave suddenly emanated!

"Join the Hall of People?"

"The team in the Hall of People should now consist of five people living in Wuzhuju. Now one person has been restricted from participating in the competition, and there are still four people..."

"But that Xiao Yan's strength, I'm afraid I can't figure it out." Wang Chen, who was beside him, helped Lingxuan analyze.

You must know that if Wang Chen in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di could say such words, it was enough to show how Xiao Yan was demonstrating against him in the competition field!

"Lingxuan, what do you think?" Xiong Yuan in the sky asked with a smile staring at Lingxuan.

Although this decision was made by the Lord of the Earth Palace, this little witch still made Xiong Yuan uneasy.

After all, this little witch was pampered in the underground palace, so it would be good to send it out to practice it, but if she doesn't agree, I am afraid that the bamboo basket will be a waste of water. This is also the intention of the master of the underground palace as a father.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I agree." Ling Xuan's long eyelashes flickered continuously, and she said after thinking for a while.

Although Lingxuan was treated like a little princess in the underground palace, but when she met Xiao Yan for the first time, she was easily deflected from her attack, and defeated Wang Chen effortlessly. Xuan couldn't help but feel different emotions towards Xiao Yan.

"Damn, this troublemaker." Xiao Yan could naturally see that it was clear that they had planned this Lingxuan to integrate into their team by disqualifying Xiaoyi from the competition. .

"Since that's the case, let's decide things like this."

"You all form a team. After you form a team, come to me to register, and then receive the team card. As for the specific content of the team competition, all of them will be recorded on the team card." Xiong Yuan smiled slowly.

Just as Xiong Yuan finished speaking, the crowd below slowly began to flow. Obviously, many people did not find a suitable team.

"Let's go, I'll take you there first." Wang Chen said earnestly at the little junior sister beside him and smiled.

"En." Not knowing what Lingxuan was thinking at this time, she followed Wang Chen slowly.

"Hehe, Brother Xiao Yan, since you guys have already formed a team, let's go ahead." Beside Xiao Yan, Li Ji said slowly, and after speaking, he left the square and headed towards the registration office.

"Big brother, what should I do now?" Xiao Yi was a little puzzled why Xiao Yan had to suppress her just now, but Xiao Yi knew that Xiao Yan would naturally have his reasons for suppressing her, so she spoke immediately.

"Don't worry, since you can't participate in this team competition, then just stay in Wuzhuju, just to consolidate the strength in your body, I have a hunch that you seem to be breaking through." Xiao Yan whispered.

"Well, there is a little sign of progress, but too little power is needed..." Xiao Yi nodded thoughtfully, and then spoke.

Xiao Yi was also surprised. Her birth benefited from those strange fires that Xiao Yan merged. Today, Xiao Yi is in the second stage of the fire elf. Although her strength has already reached the perfect level of the Eight-star Dou Emperor, she still needs to take the next step. , I am afraid that only by breaking through the second stage of the Fire Elf and entering the third stage can we continuously improve the strength.

"Don't worry, this team competition, if there is a chance, I will bring you something back." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Then I'll go back first. If there is an emergency, just call me directly. No matter where you are, eldest brother, I will rush over!" Xiao Yi said solemnly.

"Okay!" Xiao Yan nodded immediately upon hearing this. Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi had some connections that even Xiao Yan didn't know about. That connection not only allowed them to temporarily merge with each other, but also sense the life and death of each other!

"In that case, let's go."

"Let's go and see how that space is first." After the three old men in the sky finished speaking, they disappeared directly into the sky.

"Xiao Yan, hello."

"My name is Lingxuan." Wang Chen brought Lingxuan to Xiao Yan, and then Lingxuan took a step forward and stretched out her hand to face Xiao Yan.

"Hello, Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan actually didn't want to talk too much with this Lingxuan, but unfortunately there were still a lot of people here, most of them were from their palace, so helplessly stretched out his hand to Lingxuan as well. Xuan held it.

"Shabu Shabu!" Ling Xuan's small jade hand just held Xiao Yan's palm, and suddenly felt a hot breath from Xiao Yan's palm.

"What exactly is in Xiao Yan's body, why is the power of flame so terrifying?" Ling Xuan kept thinking about it in her mind. Obviously, with Ling Xuan's vision and status, she naturally read countless people, but she never saw it. With such a huge flame power of Xiao Yan!

"This woman actually wants to probe into my body?" Xiao Yan immediately discovered the little abacus in Lingxuan's heart, and immediately frowned, but it disappeared instantly.

"Since you want to investigate, let me show it to you. I want your strength in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor just now to be able to afford the sudden waves." Xiao Yan couldn't help but smile, and then he did nothing and let Lingxuan move. .

"Junior Sister Lingxuan, it's time to let go?" Wang Chen on the side didn't know that Lingxuan was investigating Xiao Yan's body, but Xiao Yan and Lingxuan held their hands for a while before letting go hurriedly said.

"Cough, cough..." Ling Xuan heard this, coughed a few times in embarrassment, and then slowly let go.

"You are very strong." Ling Xuan said to Xiao Yan after changing her hippie smile.

"Let's go, let's go to register to receive the team card first." Xiao Yan seemed to completely ignore Ling Xuan's words, and then slowly walked in the opposite direction.

"Hmph, what are you pretending to be? One day I'm going to kick your **** and let you show off your power in front of me." Seeing Xiao Yan and the four of them slowly leaving, Ling Xuan immediately stomped her feet and followed.

"Hey, when did this little junior sister's temper get better?"

"It seems that Xiao Yan is really her nemesis."

"I originally thought that the master of the palace would put the little junior sister in our team, but I didn't expect her to be removed. So this time the elites in our palace join forces, I am afraid that we will be the first place."

"At that time, the fighting skills and the Nine-Class Cave Heaven Blessed Land will be ours."

"If I can enter the Nine Heavens Paradise, I can't say that my strength will increase by leaps and bounds." Seeing Lingxuan leaving, Wang Chen said happily.

After he finished speaking, he left here to look for his team. As for what Wang Chen said about the elites of the Earth Palace, you don't need to think about it. They must be the Second Senior Brother, Third Senior Brother, Fourth Senior Brother and himself, but who is still the same person. It is unknown.

"The real good show has to start now." Every disciple has such a realization in their hearts!

Ask for tickets!