Chapter 505: tragic!

"Shabu Shabu!" Song Li and Yang Wei's silhouettes moved, and they turned into two black auras, and they were ready to go to the people above the desert.

"Snort..." A very strange voice suddenly came out of the two of them, and then the black air on the two of them seemed to have turned into a very transparent color, and a sense of crisis emanated from it, which seemed to be divided. Weird!

Standing a few hundred meters away from the Dragon-loving Legion, the Dragon-loving Legion can also feel a sense of crisis!

"Protect the head!" Yaoxin shouted, and it seemed that he also found the horror of these people, and the huge soul power continued to pour out.

"Let's capture it!" Liu Quan's small figure made a disdainful voice, as if he didn't care about the other members of the Dragon-loving Legion.

After all, the strength of the Dragon-loving Legion at this time is Qin Tian. Although Qin Tian is at the peak of Dou Di, he has exposed too many methods in the fight with the Medusa clan just now. His current strength I'm afraid it's only enough to deal with a nine-star Dou Di.

In addition, as for the Dragon Addiction Army at this time, there is no one in the Nine Star Doudi, so Liu Quan is not afraid.

"Cough cough cough..." Qin Tian coughed suddenly, and then the blood was not in the normal state, but a pool of strange black blood!

"What is this!" Qin Tian instantly caught the pool of black blood in his hand and stared at it slowly and randomly.

"Qin Tian, ​​I'm afraid it's time for you to return some of the things you took from our Solomon today." Liu Quan ignored the two powerhouses around him and the many dragon-loving legions guarding Qin Tian. people.

"Liu Quan, it was a waste of time for our Xuanling royal family to treat you like this, but you actually...cough, cough." Qin Tian shouted in anger.

"These people from the Dragon-loving Legion have little vindictive energy left in their bodies after the battle just now."

"Give it to me!" Liu Quan said coldly, not at all like what a teenager should look like.

"Head, are you alright?" Fan Yu and a few people surrounded him and slowly faced Qin Tiandao.

"It seems that the black qi in the body should be a little weird. Could it be that this black qi is ghost qi?" Qin Tian was shocked, but he still shook his head and waved to a few people.

"This Liu Quan is a genuine three-rank nine-star Doudi powerhouse. As for the other two, Song Li, the middle stage of the eight-star Doudi, Yang Wei, the late stage of the eight-star Doudi, this is extremely tricky." Yaoxin said slightly. , his face is extremely solemn, obviously with the special exploration power of the drug core, he already knows the strength of the three Solomon.

"Head, what should we do now?" Fan Yu stepped forward slightly, staring at the three Solomon powerhouses in front of him!

"Only hard!"

"But remember, life is important." Qin Tian slightly adjusted the strength in his body, forcibly suppressed it, and then opened his mouth.

"Susu..."

"Old Qin Tian, ​​your strength at the peak of Dou Di is indeed well-deserved. If you were an ordinary person, I'm afraid you would die!" Liu Quan laughed, and the monstrous black air permeated the sky, instantly closing the space!

Liu Quan had his own self-confidence. His attack just now was enough to kill an ordinary second-ranking nine-star Dou Emperor. If Qin Tian had not had some special means, he would have died on the spot.

"Damn it!" Qin Tian cursed secretly.

"It's too late, let's do it!" Qin Tian also knew the seriousness of the matter. In this special closed space, no matter what happened to the outside world, he didn't know at all. If he fell into it, with Solomon's heart, he would definitely not let it go. Those who passed their group suddenly drank.

"Shabu Shabu!" The other members of the Dragon-Loving Legion nodded slightly after hearing the words. Years of cooperation between them had given them enough trust in each other.

Therefore, even if the entire dragon-loving legion that is currently reserved has insufficient vindictive energy, no one escapes!

This is the strength of the first trump card army of the Xuanling royal family!

"Song Li, Yang Wei, hold on to them, Qin Tian hand it over to me!" Liu Quan said coldly.

"Go!"

"If I absorb the soul power of the elites of the Dragon-loving Legion, I'm afraid my strength can be improved a lot!" Song Li and Yang Wei thought in their hearts.

"Kill!" A murderous aura suddenly emerged from Qin Tian's pupils.

"Qin Tian, ​​today, you must die!" After Liu Quan finished speaking, his figure moved strangely, and when he reappeared the next moment, he was already several meters away from Qin Tian's side, and a strange black energy emerged from his body, which was very gloomy.

"If you want to kill this king, do you think it's up to you?" A disdain suddenly appeared from Qin Tian's mouth.

"Susu, worthy of being a powerhouse at the pinnacle of Dou Di, with such a spirit..." Liu Quan was not surprised at all, but instead stood opposite Qin Tian as usual.

"Although I have insufficient fighting qi in my body, and my body is covered with scars, the majesty of the Dou Emperor's peak is not a threat to your mere rank three strength." Qin Tian's expression did not change, and he forcibly suppressed the conspicuous palm print on his chest. .

"Ghost hands!" With an angry shout, Liu Quan, who looked like a teenager, took the lead, because Liu Quan is also a vigilant person by nature. Although Qin Tian is now a tiger and Pingyang is bullied by a dog, in order to prevent any other means, he must not Not so.

"Susu!" As soon as Liu Quan finished speaking, a huge arm suddenly formed beside him who looked like a teenager!

The arm is about tens of feet in size, but above the arm, a strange black air emerges, mixed with a terrifying aura.

"Qin Tian!"

"It's not dead yet!" Liu Quan said coldly, and then the ghost hand erupted with monstrous black energy, and suddenly waved towards Qin Tian!

"Tips for carving insects!" Qin Tian said calmly with an inappropriate expression.

Then Qin Tian was surrounded by a fiery red that was extremely hot or appeared out of thin air!

"Shabu Shabu!" The black ghost hand and the fiery red flame just touched, and the black wave suddenly turned into a white mist.

"What is this!" When Liu Quan saw this scene, his pupils shrank slightly, because even with the strength of his third-ranking nine-star Dou Di, when staring at the fiery red flame, a blazing passion came from his heart. Sense emerges.

"Humph!"

"Liu Quan, do you think this king has no support?"

"Your rank three strength, today, I am afraid that you are going to fall here." Qin Tian was surrounded by fiery red flames, and an aura of flames that wiped out everything immediately appeared.

"Qin Tian, ​​you are still stubborn when you die." Although Liu Quan was surprised, he didn't show it. The strong man suppressed the shock in his heart.

Because Liu Quan knew that today was the best chance to kill Qin Tian!

If he kills Qin Tian and absorbs the soul of Qin Tian Dou Emperor peak through special means, I am afraid that his strength is enough to step into the real Dou Emperor peak... or even add a few other dragon-loving legionaries to break through to the real peak. The half-immortal is not a bad idea!

"I don't want to waste time with you, the game of cat catching fish should be over." The next moment, Liu Quan changed his breath, and a delicate item slowly appeared in his hand. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: