Chapter Vol 4 1566: Pavilion Master of Qingyun Pavilion!

"No!" In an instant, when Qingfeng came back to his senses, a dazzling slash directly hit him.

"Shabu Shabu!" The power of this attack is already huge, not to mention that it has been doubled by Xiao Yan's own strength, so after hitting Qingfeng, even if Qingfeng defends in the fastest time, it will He was seriously injured on the spot. After all, although the rank of Tiantian Ruler is not high, it can be improved with the improvement of the cultivator's strength.

"Tick tock." The invisible sword energy slowly disappeared. In mid-air, Xiao Yan was unscathed, but his breath was a little weak. After all, moving the sky ruler to move the attack cost Xiao Yan a lot of fighting energy, but comparing the two, that Qingfeng On his body, there are countless scars, large and small, and traces of blood continue to emerge from the body. It is obviously not lightly injured, and his figure is very quiet in this space at this time.

"Asshole **** bastard!"

"I think in the middle stage of the dignified 4-star Fighting Immortal, I would actually be defeated by a 3-star Fighting Immortal guy... It's ridiculous!" Suddenly, the weakened Qingfeng burst into a roar, staring at Xiao Yan with a grim expression, wishing to eat Xiao Yan raw General.

"Go to hell!" At this time, Qingfeng was seriously injured. Obviously, it was the best time to kill. Xiao Yan naturally would not leave behind troubles. beheaded.

"Xiao Yan, I miscalculated this time, but next time I see you, I will make you kneel at my feet!"

"Weng Om!" A white pill suddenly appeared in Qingfeng's hand, and immediately crushed it, a bright white mist emerged, and Qingfeng's figure suddenly disappeared.

"Space moves..."

"What a mistake." Xiao Yan immediately realized that something was wrong, but he was helpless when he tried to stop it, and he could only shake his head.

"Lord Xiao Yan..." Looking at Xiao Yan in the sky, who used the strength of a three-star fighting immortal to defeat a four-star fighting immortal or even nearly killed him, the third elder below said with a trembling voice.

"How is it, are you better?" Xiao Yan went directly to a few people and found that their injuries had recovered a lot, and their fighting spirit had also recovered to the fifth or sixth level, so he immediately asked.

"Thank you sir..."

"However, the danger of belonging to the territory has not been completely eliminated."

"The pavilion master of Qingyun Pavilion and his subordinates are attacking the second elder. Once the second elder fails, the control of the territory will also fall into the hands of Qingyun Pavilion. Sir, please take action!" Suddenly, several people present couldn't help but say.

"Blood Guard, take me away. The other people are here to rest and recuperate, and wait for your strength to recover. The first floor will come over to meet." Xiao Yan finished speaking and took the Blood Guard towards the depths of the crystal vein.

"Third Elder, the disciples sent by the Spiritual Academy this time are quite extraordinary." Several figures next to him said, obviously the scene of Xiao Yan defeating Qingfeng just now made them convinced of Xiao Yan's heart.

"Hurry up and recover your Dou Qi, we still have to fight them for life and death. Lord Xiao Yan, this time delaying time, I'll rely on you." After the third elder finished speaking, he closed his eyes and recovered his Dou Qi. He knew that Xiao Yan's fighting ability It is tyrannical, but the pavilion master of Qingyun Pavilion is not a fuel-efficient lamp, and what they can do now is to restore their strength in the shortest time and go to support Xiao Yan before they can solve the predicament.

Deep in the crystal vein.

"Second Elder, your time is running out."

"How to decide, I think you should be a smart person." In a cave deep in the crystal vein, dozens of strong men surrounded an old man, and then the leader said.

"Hahaha!"

"My dignified Second Elder of Wanhuo Sect, I can't do things like the seller's request for glory." The surrounded old man laughed at himself.

"It seems that you don't eat toast, and you eat fine wine!"

"I'll ask you one last time, do it or not!" Suddenly, the pavilion master of Qingyun Pavilion in the crowd also shouted.

"I'd rather die than do it." The old man said calmly.

The pavilion master of Qingyun Pavilion brought a large force, which was not expected by the second elders. There are hundreds of people who are stationed in the crystal vein, but under the hands of the pavilion master of Qingyun Pavilion and the two four-star fighting immortals in Qingfeng, now The death of the death, the injury of the wound, turned out to be less than ten people, and the crystal vein was facing the fall. The pavilion master of Qingyun Pavilion tried to let himself lead out the strong people in the Ten Thousand Fire Sect, so as to wipe out his sect, so the second elder vowed not to die. from.

"You immortal, you don't know what's good or bad."

"The pavilion master, what nonsense are you talking to him, directly obliterate the two elders and send the corpses back to the Ten Thousand Fire Sect, I don't believe their sect can hold their breath, and as long as they take action, we will be justifiably thorough. Conquer them." In the crowd, a seemingly lean man sneered.

Among these dozens of people, only Qingyun Pavilion Pavilion Master Four-Star Fighting Immortal late stage strength, and this lean man half-step Four-Star Fighting Immortal, the other powerhouses are all about Three-Star Fighting Immortal Perfection.

"Qingyang's words are reasonable... then let's end it." After a while, the pavilion master of Qingyun Pavilion slowly raised his palm, and a trace of wind energy slowly condensed in the palm of his hand. It seemed small, but it actually contained murderous intent.

"Qingyunkun old sloppy, if you want to kill the old man, even if you die, you will have to peel off your skin!" Looking at the extremely terrifying fluctuations in the palm of the pavilion master of Qingyun Pavilion, the second elder who was seriously injured looked in a trance, and then the body suddenly suddenly It became violent A trace of green flames continued to emerge, looking at this battle, I actually wanted to explode!

"I want to blow myself up, it's too late!"

"Wind Profound Palm!"

"Fall down!" Seeing the old man in front of him act like this, Qing Yunkun didn't have any hesitation, the terrifying fluctuations on the palm of his hand brewed, and then the figure exploded, and the palm stood in front of his chest and attacked him directly.

"Choke!" Just when Qing Yunkun was about to attack the second elder, a huge black ruler accurately blocked his attack completely.

"who!"

"Get out of here!" Seeing that the attack was blocked, Qing Yunkun's face suddenly became extremely angry, and he couldn't help shouting loudly.

"Hey...Sect Master, you are so confused. Sending reinforcements like this will undoubtedly be tricked by these guys." Suddenly, aware of a strong attack, the second elder's pupils slowly closed.

It is inevitable that the crystal veins will fall, but if the sect is sending a strong person to rescue, I am afraid that their entire sect will face a life-and-death situation.

"Wait, this is... a formation!" The next moment, the second elder's expression became surprised!

"Purgatory Array, give me a bundle!" Just when everyone hesitated, a hot flame suddenly emerged from this underground cave, and then the entire cave was instantly destroyed by a scorching molten world. replace!