Chapter Vol 4 1691: Fishing in troubled waters?

Yuanhe is a azure blue ocean with an area of ​​several kilometers, and it is said to be extremely dangerous. It is the real natural danger under the Senate. Many guards patrol the sea and are heavily guarded. s Choice.

On the mountain range deep in the center of Yuanhe, the base camp of the Senate, and on the periphery of Yuanhe, is a forest.

"Hehe... Now that there are four major temple masters coming forward to direct the battle situation, I am afraid that the failure of the light demon is only a matter of time."

"Don't let your guard down. It is said that the Soul Eater Domain powerhouse is in the dark and will launch a surprise attack at any time, so you have to guard against it."

"Hey, what are you afraid of, the four main hall masters are sitting in the town. Rao Yiguang tortures the strength of the Xuanxuan, and it is helpless, but the top powerhouses of our two sides still have no sign of making a move, and it seems that they are waiting for something."

"I guess it should be waiting for the powerhouses of Soul Eater. After all, the Light Demon and the four main hall masters know that their strengths are not much different. Once they completely break, one party will definitely suffer casualties, and they will make Soul Eater together. Taking advantage of this is something that everyone doesn't want to see... So it's so stalemate." At this time, Xiao Yan and the two were already hiding in the Yuan River, and there were two figures on the edge of the forest who couldn't help but mutter.

"These guys..." Yuan Feng followed Xiao Yan, listening to the conversation between the two, he couldn't help frowning.

It seems that although the Devil of Light has a deep hatred with the Lord of Li Soul, he is afraid of the raid by the strong souls of Soul Eater, and he does not go all out. It will completely fall, so even if it is an offensive for nearly half a year, it is just a small fight.

"Now that the powerhouses of Soul Eater are dispatched, once the powerhouses of Soul Eater show up, I am afraid it will be a real decisive battle... Before the real decisive battle, we must enter the temple to find Acacia Broken Enteritis!" Xiao Yan stood quietly in the Yuanhe In the middle, the fist couldn't help but squeeze tightly.

"Xiao Yan, young hero, are you alright?" Looking at Xiao Yan's grim face, Yuan Feng asked slightly, in this river, the huge impact force doubled Yuan Feng's pressure, but Xiao Yan was like no one. The place is average, which makes Yuanfeng's admiration for Xiao Yan even deeper.

"Two five-star fighting immortals late stage... there is a way." After a while, Xiao Yan smiled on his face, and immediately a cyan flame swept out of his body, directly over the sea, and exploded at the two patrolling soldiers. Go, with such a terrifying speed and offensive, I am afraid that the two will be seriously injured in an instant.

"There are enemies!"

"Send a signal!" The two powerhouses in the late stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortals were not vegetarian either. When Xiao Yan's figure crossed the surface of the sea, the two became alert for a while. go.

This is the unique signal scroll of the Senate. Once it is successfully released, it will probably lead to a real powerhouse. When the time comes for Xiao Yan and the two to sneak in, it will fail.

"Xiao Yan Shao Xia, this is the signal scroll. We decided not to let it bloom successfully. Otherwise, once the Yuanhe powerhouse finds out, our mission will fail." Seeing this scene, Yuan Feng couldn't help shouting, just remembered. He smashed the signal scroll, but was blocked by the river of Yuanhe.

"Acacia Flame Territory!" Xiao Yan said with a slight smile. Immediately, his entire body was completely enveloped by a pink force. At the same time, the signal scroll easily spread over Xiao Yan's territory, and it was like fireworks. The scroll was not discovered by anyone because it was in Xiao Yan's domain.

"Damn, who is this?"

"Wind Domain..."

"The Territory!" The eyes of the two were slightly startled, Xiao Yan's face was ordinary, but the threat contained in the invisible was slightly shocking, and immediately did not dare to hesitate, the power in the body was squirming, and the power of the domain was direct. cast.

"You guys don't have a chance." Xiao Yan naturally wouldn't let the two powerhouses in the late stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortals use their realm. After all, in his own realm, he is the real king!

The king's order cannot be disobeyed!

"Holy Flame!" With a cold snort, the blue flames filled the air and roared directly at the two of them.

"Not good!" The two were still using the domain, but looking at Xiao Yan's ghostly blue flame, their pupils shrank suddenly, and they ran around in the Acacia Flame Domain without looking back.

Both of them are soul bodies, and they are the native residents of the ghost world. The restraint of Ghost Face Soul Flame on them is naturally a natural nemesis.

"You two share your identities." Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't stop for too long. With a wave of his hand, the clothes on the two of them fell off, and immediately the pink power turned into a shackle, which easily bound the two of them.

"Bastard!" Seeing Xiao Yan's actions like this, the two of them just wanted to try their best, but they were completely restrained by the pink power and couldn't move. In addition to the blue flames that were eyeing at the side, they immediately persuaded them.

"This guy is really hidden. Even I am not as skilled in this field." Yuan Feng also walked out at this time and muttered.

"Soul Eater Domain?" After seeing Yuan Feng, the two bound guards exclaimed. Because of Yuan Feng's unique aura, they could see through the identity at a glance.

"Go to sleep." Yuan Feng did not hesitate, a bright white halo emerged, and immediately attacked the two with a single blow, and the two fell into a coma.

"Soul power..." After the two changed their clothes, Yuan Feng looked slightly at Xiao Yan who was standing beside the two. At this time, Xiao Yan, the dazzling soul power was exploring the minds of the two. The purpose of doing this was to In order to find some valuable information, but also to be able to hide the sky this time.

"Sure enough, the position is too low." After Shunxi, Xiao Yan shook his head weakly, but although the two were in a relatively low position, it was clear at a glance that they entered Yuanhe and the strong guards here. Not without gain.

"How is it?" Yuan Feng asked eagerly, these guys have special powers on their clothes, but if they rashly enter Yuanhe and pretend to be patrolling guards, if they are not fully prepared, once they are discovered, it will be a deep Dangerously.

"Captain Yuan, are you interested in making a foray into this Yuanhe." After doing all this, Xiao Yan said with a grin.

Xiao Yan knew that because he had a fighting spirit of the Heavenly rank, and the power to swallow the undead fire soaring, now his power was vaguely floating. Only by fighting can this state be eliminated, otherwise it will affect Xiao Yan. Promotion after the heat.

Although Xiao Yan is only in the middle stage of Five Star Fighting Immortals, but with all the means in his hands, even Xiao Yan doesn't know his limit, so he really wants to give it a try.

"Why don't you dare?"

"Since Xiao Yan is so heroic, he can only sacrifice his life to accompany the gentleman." Yuan Feng laughed, but there was a hint of appreciation in his voice.

Because the method proposed by Xiao Yan is the simplest and most direct and effective, it can save a lot of time.

"In that case, let's go."

"Six-star fighting immortals, I hope you won't let me down." Based on the information Xiao Yan discovered, the two slowly entered the Yuanhe River and headed towards the base camp guarding the Yuanhe Sea Area.