Chapter Vol 4 1651: Immortal Saint Tan!

When the towering beam of light that protected the undead fire was broken and dissipated by the strong man in the compound, a circular entrance about several meters in size appeared on the flat ground in everyone's sight, and the entrance was filled with bursts of heart-pounding Horrible warmth, quite similar to the so-called undead fire.

"Hahaha, the seal on the entrance of the undead fire has finally been broken, rush... The undead fire is ours." As the fiery red beam of light was smashed by everyone, the fiery gazes of the powerhouses present and their roars Directly spread over this wild ghost abyss, most of these guys are mediocre in strength, they have a very small chance to touch the undead fire if they take the lead Four-star fighting immortals have no fate, so I want to be one step ahead.

"Shabu Shabu!" The colorful Dou Qi energies are as numerous as the stars in the sky. After a while, many figures among the powerhouses in the field skyrocketed in speed and went directly to the entrance of the Land of Undying Fire.

"..." Some of the weaker forces went one after the other towards the entrance of the space, but the other powerhouses, including the Fifth Academy and some other powerful guys, all looked at the The rather strange space entrance above the flat stands quietly.

"Chichi!" It's a pity that the good times didn't last long. Just as the other figures were about to step into the entrance of the space, the smiles on their faces instantly solidified, and strange voices emerged directly from the entrance of the space.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"Ahhh!"

"Help... Save me!" With the appearance of this scene, waves of ghosts and wailing emerged in the entire void, and even the guy who first went to the entrance of the holy flame was surrounded by gray waves on his body. The flame burns violently, the gray flame is like a **** of death, and anyone who is contaminated by it will burn the battle qi in the body and even the power of the soul, and the pain is unbearable.

"This undead fire is so strange?" Seeing the people around him suffering so much pain, Xiao Yan looked vigilantly at the entrance to the land of holy flames. Although Xiao Yan had limited information about the undead fire, such a mysterious holy flame , Xiao Yan is the first time to meet.

"Immortal fire, known as immortality and immortality, but the records of it are quite rare. It looks like this, I am afraid that this holy flame has undergone some changes. If we are fortunate to enter the land of holy flame this time, I am afraid we can only outsmart it. ."

"I really don't know why a powerhouse of the level of the Lord of Li Soul would give up this precious flame." At the end of the sentence, Irene's figure involuntarily approached Xiao Yan's direction and whispered.

"Hey, let's wait and go in." Xiao Yan heard the words and simply smiled. As for the reason why the Lord of Li Soul gave up the immortal fire, according to Xiao Yan's guess, it was probably to devour the lovesickness and use the immortal fire as a bait. It came out to attract the attention of other powerhouses. Of course, this was just Xiao Yan's guess. As for whether it was true or not, it was unknown.

"Yeah." Irene is not a woman with **** and no brains, she nodded lightly, because at this time, all the powerhouses, including the five major courtyards, had no intention of doing anything.

Time is like a white horse passing through a gap, and a quarter of an hour passed slowly. During this quarter of an hour, except for the guy who couldn't bear it at the beginning and rashly entered and caused himself to be seriously injured, the other powerhouses waited quietly. They know that this entrance has the power of immortal fire, and this power is quite difficult for them to deal with, and with so many strong people, naturally no one will be willing to do more, so they wait together.

"It's almost there, let's go." At this time, Yu Xiao's pupils slowly opened, and he glanced at the entrance below. At this time, the power of the undead fire was extremely weak.

As soon as the voice fell, Yu Xiao's whole body turned into an electric light, and he went directly towards the entrance of the undead fire with the momentum of thunder. Seeing this, he wanted to take the lead and take the undead fire as his own.

"Go!" Witnessed by other powerhouses, they were surging. Naturally, they would not give Yu Xiao such a good opportunity. At the same time, this wild ghost abyss became extremely restless. As for the reason, it was because of the remains of the Undying Fire. The ground is fully opened.

"Let's go too... After entering, pay attention to those suspicious people in the crowd, if necessary..." Xiao Yan whispered to Irene, and after speaking, his palms faced With a light comparison at his throat, as the controller of Saint Flame, it is naturally one of Xiao Yan's missions to obliterate the evil race from outside the realm, and now that the Soul Eater has left his side, everything can only rely on himself.

And the most important thing is that the so-called extraterritorial evil clan knows how to restrain the holy flame. Xiao Yan wants to know this method thoroughly, so as to prevent it from happening.

"Boom!" The crowds, which were as black as ant colonies, rushed into the ruins of the undead fire directly with a breath of force. If there are treasures like Immortal Fire, if they can be obtained by themselves, then their status will probably skyrocket.

"Buzz!" The huge crowd, like a burst of light, easily passed the entrance of the Manghuang Guiyuan and entered the ruins of the undead fire. So far, this time the fight for the undead fire has started completely Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"This is..." Xiao Yan and the two had just entered the large army, when bursts of fiery red flames filled their sights, but on top of the flames, it turned out to be Ling Xiao Yan. There is a feeling of trepidation.

Xiao Yan does have two holy flames in his body, but due to the special nature of ghost world powerhouses for ghost face and soul flames, Xiao Yan planned to give ghost face soul flames to his teacher, the master of soul eaters, in order to help It completely broke through and entered that dream realm, so there was no fusion. Otherwise, the holy flame after Xiao Yan's fusion, among the same level, can be said to be a real hard-to-find opponent.

But now, the Lord of Soul Eater obviously has other ways to enter the reincarnation, Xiao Yan can also relax and completely fuse the two holy flames!

Two holy flames, one is Fire Heart Tianyan ranked 35th, and the other is Ghost Face Soul Flame ranked 24th. The new holy flame born from the fusion of the two, Xiao Yan believes that it will not be better than the top ranking. Twenty Saint Flame is weak, but compared to Undying Fire, it still seems to be a little worse.

Submerged into the remains of the undead fire, bursts of fiery red flames flooded everyone's line of sight, and even pieces of fiery red mist filled the entire space. In this space, even the power of the soul temporarily failed. This makes many strong people quite afraid, but after a short period of fear, they also understand that it is not so simple to obtain something in the immortal fire ruins.

It's just that they didn't know that when they were exploring the remains of the undead fire, a trace of creatures that could easily obliterate everyone was also approaching them, but this creature seemed to contain the original aura of the undead fire. Tongue smacking.

And this special void that houses the Holy Flame of the Undying Fire has his own name, the Holy Tan of Undying.