Chapter 98: Holy tripod list!

"Take it away." Said the Golden Dragon King's soul power instantly poured into the "Emperor Flame Ring", and then an exquisite medicine tripod also appeared in front of the two from the ring.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan also nodded in satisfaction, and then the milky white flames poured into the medicine cauldron and surged violently, constantly releasing terrifying temperatures, but no matter how the temperature skyrocketed, the red medicine cauldron still did not The slightest movement, even, even if the temperature inside is terrifyingly high, its exterior is still as cool as ice.

"Good tripod!" Xiao Yan was also helpless about this, so he had to ask for help from his master, the Golden Dragon King.

"Hey, I want to deceive something from me again." The Golden Dragon King said helplessly.

He stared at this behemoth with fiery eyes. After a while, Xiao Yan couldn't help but praised, even though he hadn't used this cauldron to start refining medicine pills, but after this test, he was I can guess how helpful this medicine cauldron is for alchemy, and I can even say that using this medicine cauldron for alchemy can even improve the success rate a lot. For a pharmacist, what else is there? Something is more attractive than a medicine tripod that can improve the success rate of alchemy?

The fiery red medicine cauldron is quite sturdy, and a fiery red flame is faintly lingering around it.

Xiao Yan clearly remembers that his master Yao Lao said that not all medicine tripods can have multiple burners, because the arrangement of each burner requires extremely precise polishing, otherwise it will be impossible. Cast out a good tripod. Therefore, if a medicine cauldron has multiple vents in front of it, there is a very high possibility that it is a good cauldron.

Xiao Yan stared at this imposing medicine cauldron with bright eyes, and couldn't help but sighed in admiration. Compared with his master, the medicine cauldron he used was undoubtedly extremely shabby.

"Master..."

"I can't help but use a medicine cauldron. You also said that it is quite difficult for me to refine this at my current level..." Xiao Yan also looked at his master, the Golden Dragon King, depressed.

Although there are many things in the "Emperor Flame Ring" left by his master Tuoshe Gudi, Xiao Yan has also tried it. Even with fighting qi or soul power, he can't find out the situation in the ring clearly. He wants to come to Tuoshe It was also because he was afraid that Xiao Yan would become an illiterate person, so he deliberately set a ban...On the surface of the medicine cauldron, a lifelike flame pattern was drawn, and when Xiao Yan's milky white flames poured into the medicine cauldron After that, the medicine tripod also slowly rotated.

The flame patterns on the surface of the medicine cauldron turned out to be like real objects, and Xiao Yan could even sense that faint flame energy was condensing around the medicine cauldron.

The most conspicuous thing about the medicine cauldron is that there are seven tiger's mouths around the cauldron. The seven tiger's mouths are naturally arranged on it, and the size of the flame can be controlled at any time. It will not be too strong to damage the medicinal materials, nor will it be too small to waste time. . And, this medicine tripod is obviously not just gorgeous in appearance. Judging from the flame patterns around it and the self-condensed flame energy of the seven flaming ports, it is obvious that it has a considerable increase in refining medicine.

"The medicine cauldron, like the flame, is the most important thing in the hands of the alchemist. A good medicine cauldron can greatly improve the success rate of alchemy..."

"This medicine cauldron, others call it blazing flames... Tuo She really spent a lot of money to get it back then." Looking at the fiery red medicine cauldron suspended in mid-air, the Golden Dragon King was also deeply touched. telling.

"Zhiyan? It really deserves its reputation..." Xiao Yan shook his head in admiration. He, who had not been in too much contact with Yao Ding, naturally did not know the name.

However, Xiao Yan also knew that a good medicine cauldron had the same fanatical attraction to a pharmacist as a strange fire.

"Similar to the Holy Flame List, there is also a Holy Cauldron List in the field of medicine refining. As the name suggests, the Ding List records those extremely perfect and outstanding medicine Cauldrons. Among the Ding List, there are two Thirteen cauldrons. Each of these medicinal cauldrons has the magic power that makes countless alchemists rush for it."

"And in that cauldron, the cauldron ranked eighteenth is the so-called "blazing flame." Seeing Xiao Yan's astonished appearance, the Golden Dragon King also smiled.

However, he did not open his mouth to explain the origin of the tripod in front of him, and his palms trembled slightly.

Milky white flames quickly swirled around the palm of his hand. Xiao Yan slowly pressed his palm to a diamond-shaped flame of Chi Yan.

With a flick of the fingers, the milky white flames lingered in the cauldron.

"For the alchemist, the different fire and the holy flame are also the power of flames born from the heavens and the earth. They are used to refine medicine pills. The medicine pills they make are also much better than ordinary medicine pills."

In the churning of the milky white flame, the temperature inside the medicine cauldron gradually reached the level required by Xiao Yan, and taking advantage of this time. He also repeatedly looked at the refining method of Guben Peiyuan Pill. The prescription for this pill was passed to him by the Golden Dragon King at the beginning, but because he was busy with the ruins at the time, he never touched it. .

After flipping the recipe for Guben Peiyuan Dan back and forth several times in his mind, Xiao Yan's mind gradually settled down. With a wave of his sleeve robe, the medicinal herbs in front of him were directly sent into the flames with a clever energy. Inside the medicine tripod. "Ah!"

Xiao Yan couldn't help shivering. It shouldn't be. When he was refining the medicine pill, the temperature of the strange fire was so high, how could it be...

"Little Yanzi, don't be distracted!" The Golden Dragon King also said viciously, this solid foundation Peiyuan Dan is quite difficult to refine in the first rank of the emperor Now is the stage of fire, the distraction is This kid dared to be distracted when it was most prone to accidents. Xiao Yan's thinking was fruitless, and a more powerful flame emerged and poured into the cauldron, trying to speed up the melting speed of the medicinal material.

Xiao Yan first calmed down a bit, then flicked his fingers, and a wisp of milky white flame emerged from his fingertips. With the appearance of the flame, the temperature of the wooden house suddenly rose, but this naturally did not hinder Xiao Yan in the slightest. Effect.

He stared at the medicine cauldron tightly, and after a while, he waved his hand, and the milky white flame was shooting out, and finally followed the fire opening of the red medicine cauldron, Into the medicine tripod.

As the milky white flames poured into the medicine cauldron one after another, the medicine cauldron suddenly expanded, and the inside of the wooden house turned into a raging flame, which rose and burned.

"Pfft~" With a sound, the pitch-black medicine cauldron in the wooden house exploded. "This..." Compared with Xiao Yan, he was helpless. If he were an ordinary alchemist, using a flame catalyzed by fighting qi, this cauldron would naturally be able to withstand it, but his own flame was caused by two Thirteen kinds of different fires were fused together, but ordinary medicine cauldrons could not contain such terrifying flames.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan also hurriedly recalled the scattered flames in the wooden house, and then left a small flame in the middle of the wooden house to slowly surround the medicinal herbs with traces of melting.

Read the latest chapter of Yandi, the God of Fighting the Sky...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: