Chapter Vol 4 1750: A lost and found feeling!

"Crash!" At this time, above the Tianhu Lake, on a water surface, Mu Yingying was surrounded by azure blue flames, and with the injection of Xiao Yan's pink flames, the fiery red and azure blue lake water in the entire Tianhu Lake, All of them became turbulent, as if they were cheering something, and even on the distant blue beam of light, a trace of mysterious blue lines slowly disappeared towards Mu Yingying's body, that kind of power, like the purest. Moisturizing in general.

"That's not enough." Xiao Sensheng spoke immediately after seeing Acacia stagnation around Mu Yingying, even being completely cut off by the azure blue flame that protected Mu Yingying.

Mu Yingying can also be considered a holy flame, but it is basically a holy flame that has survived the catastrophe and transformed into a human being. In essence, it is no different from ordinary people. Although she has condensed her body, she still needs to rely on lovesickness and broken bowels. Birth of a beam of light, the true method of resurrection.

"Lovesickness, only the power of lovesickness can fully stimulate its maximum power. As for how to stimulate it... you need to do it yourself." Seeing Xiao Yan's pale face, Xiao Sensheng said, even if it was him, he would not Knowing the secret of this, he can only order Xiao Yan to such an extent.

"En." Xiao Yan's eyes were soft, and he slowly walked towards Mu Yingying.

"Yingying, the first time we met, it should have been in the points looting competition. At that time, you were quiet and playful..." Looking at Mu Yingying, who was quite quiet in front of her and fell into a deep sleep like a porcelain doll, Xiao Yan opened her mouth slightly, trying her best to recall every bit of what happened with Mu Yingying.

"Join the Burning Incense Pavilion..."

"Look for Shengyan...rescue your brother." Familiar words have been uttered from Xiao Yan's mouth, but with the surging of Xiao Yan's words, the pink flame and the blue flame have no resistance. , slowly began to merge, and for a while, Mu Yingying, who was in a state of frozen sleep, without any breath, a trace of ruddy appeared on her cheeks, and even the sound of her heartbeat and the temperature in her body gradually increased, even Because Xiao Yan generously gave Fen Jue to the latter, the two holy flames in her body actually started some wonderful changes, making their power rise like an eagle soaring for nine days!

After he wakes up completely, although his strength is unlikely to be as terrifying as Xiao Yan, his strength is at least on the rank of Fighting Immortals.

"I hope it will be successful." Xiao Sensheng stood on the side, looking at Xiao Yan, the pink power slowly poured into Mu Yingying's body, and said immediately.

That pink power is not only the power of lovesickness, but also the power of lovesickness!

The most mysterious thing about lovesickness is the power of lovesickness.

"Yingying..." A few hours passed, and seeing Mu Yingying's aura returning to normal, she was no different from ordinary people, Xiao Yan couldn't help calling out with an uneasy mood, trying to wake her up with this call.

"..." Mu Yingying closed her eyes quietly and did not do anything. If Xiao Yan could not hear the former's heartbeat clearly, she would probably have thought that this resurrection had failed.

"What exactly is going on?"

"Aren't all methods of resurrection supposed to be like this?"

"Going to... What's wrong?" Xiao Yan looked at Mu Yingying who was motionless in front of him, his pupils suddenly burst red, a trace of grief poured into the tip of his nose, he couldn't help crying while hugging his head.

As if something important was missing in his heart, he cried.

"Actually it shouldn't be..." Xiao Sensheng was also dumbfounded by Xiao Yan's sudden scene, so he could only stand to the side.

"I... I can't revive her." After a while, Xiao Yan's red pupils suddenly became blank, and his body trembled, trembled, and trembled. diffuse out.

Even in the face of the evil clan outside the realm, even in the face of the master of the soul, Xiao Yan did not give up, and did not show this expression, but the current situation of Mu Yingying made Xiao Yan. It was the first time that such a dignified sense of defeat had occurred.

Just as Xiao Yan's body and even his heart were undergoing changes that were quite memorable, Mu Yingying's originally quiet eyes and fingers suddenly moved slightly, and after a while, they actually began to tremble.

"This is... where?" Mu Yingying just opened her pupils, her profound strength and familiar aura made her heart happy, but what was even more gratifying was the emaciated and decadent man in front of her.

"Pimple." Just as Xiao Yan slumped on the water surface, a slender hand suddenly supported Xiao Yan and caught him.

"I promised her to resurrect her..."

"I promised her a huge wedding... I failed..."

"Am I very useless..." For a time, the strong man who possessed many holy flames no longer had the dignity of the past. He muttered slowly, his voice choked up, and the tears slowly dripped down like a waterfall. , obviously the surrounding situation has nothing to do with him.

"Xiao Yan, thank you." The slender jade hand that hugged Xiao Yan didn't say much after Xiao Yan's words fell, and just gently moved his forehead towards his arms and walked away. A touch of softness emerged, but now Xiao Yan has no masters, and has no leisure to pay attention to other things.

"What should I do now..." Xiao Yan trembled to himself, unaware that the figure hugging him in front of him was the charming person he was thinking about at night.

"You've done a good job..." The two bodies slowly embraced each other, feeling the warmth of each other, and even Qian Ying noticed the extreme unease in Xiao Yan's body and the trembling body, smiled sweetly, trying to expel the These changes.

"Huh..." After blinking, Xiao Yan was also suddenly attracted by the changes, and when he noticed the softness in front of his body, his pupils shrank tightly.

"Thank you." Seeing Xiao Yan's sudden reaction, Mu Yingying's eyes were beating quietly, and she smiled sweetly.

"Yingying." Looking at the living person in front of him, Xiao Yan's pupils burst into tears, hugging the person in front of him tightly, reluctant to give up any second.

"Okay." Mu Yingying's cheeks were blushing, looking at the man who was crying as a child in front of him, after a while, it seemed that there was a slight difference in the gap between his body, and immediately did not give Xiao Yan any chance , a light curtain of azure blue and pink flames flashed above his body, completely shrouding the two figures, abruptly crossing Xiao Yan's front, and attacking beforehand.

For a time, the two were also talking about the pain of lovesickness to each other. As for Xiao Sensheng, he did not see any evil and stayed outside the light curtain. There were countless creatures and blue beams of light in the other Tianhu, bursting out with jubilant bursts of jubilation. breath.

On this day, Mu Yingying was finally fully resurrected, which also solved the biggest hidden danger in Xiao Yan's heart. The next step was to bring Wan Huo Sect back to the Xuanling Continent to find Xun'er and go to the century-old appointment.

Xiao Yan knew that at this moment, the trip to the ghost world had ended perfectly, and the next part was the real story.