Chapter 118: Steal the beam and change the column!

?? "Old Yueyu, you have to pay for your actions!" Murray also said viciously.

Yue Yu didn't care how Murray roared, and then went straight to reach out to grab Xiao Yan, when a familiar voice suddenly sounded in her heart.

Just when Murray felt that there was no success, Yue Yu, who was just a few steps away from Xiao Yan, actually stagnated for a few seconds, and then returned straight from the sky to the Yue Family compound.

From the beginning to the end, he never touched Xiao Yan at all.

"Father?" Yueru's beautiful eyes were also slightly wrinkled, obviously she didn't know why.

Yue Yu also raised the smallest pinky thumb with her palm towards Yue Ru.

How could Yueru not know the meaning of this little thumbs up? When I was young, every time I asked my father for something, my father would always give me a little thumbs up, and every time my father succeeded, so although she was surprised, Yueru was still calm. Down, my father must have his own way of doing this.

"Hmph, count you acquainted!"

"Take it away!" Murray was also surprised by Yue Yu's sudden move, but also shouted at the third elder of the Mu family beside him.

When the three elders of the Mu family heard what they said, they did as they did. After all, they also worked for the Mu family.

Murray also looked at Xiao Yan who was caught in the sky above the sky, and he breathed a sigh of relief after the three elders of the Mu family caught Xiao Yan.

"If that's the case, then I'll bother you. I'll come to thank you another day."

"Let's go!" Murray also clasped his fists at Yue Yu and said to the people around him.

Xiao Yan, who was sealed by the gray triangular beam of light, seemed to be on the verge of dying, and he was allowed to take them away.

Watching the departure of the Mu family, the people who gathered in the Yue family to watch the fun also left one after another.

"Oh, it's interesting, this kid Xiao Yan's soul power is actually used so skillfully." In a luxurious room of the Alchemist Association, a white-haired old man slowly sat down, took a sip of the tea on the table and said. .

"Find me the latest news of this Wucheng."

"Yes!" After the white-haired old man finished speaking, a figure suddenly responded in the luxurious house.

The sky returned to calm, and the Yue family members were also busy one after another.

In a dark wooden house, Yue Yu, Yue Ru, and the third elder of the Yue family were laughing, and in addition to the three, there was a young man with a heavy foot on his back.

Looking closely, isn't this Xiao Yan?

"Tell me how you escaped at that time?" Yueru couldn't contain her surprise. The seal of the Mu family's third elder was so powerful that even she couldn't escape, so she was very surprised by Xiao Yan. how to escape.

"I heard that if you can enter the "Emperor Realm", the soul will be indestructible and indestructible. Even if it is forcibly broken up, the remaining soul elements can still be gradually condensed and finally reborn again. Although the Great Perfection of the Realm is not weak, its power is still too weak compared to the "Emperor Realm"." Yue Yu also said slowly.

Although Yue Yu is a five-star Dou Di powerhouse, but after all, not every powerhouse has powerful soul power.

"As long as the soul reaches the emperor realm, it is no different from the body. Unless the soul is stronger than the latter, or if it fights with people, the soul can be differentiated and fight with the body. That kind of tacit understanding, but no one can match it. , the power has also doubled." The third elder of the Yue family smiled, with a bit of envy in the smile.

Before reaching the soul of the emperor, the soul is still a little weak. In general, no strong person will take the initiative to summon it. After all, if the soul is injured, the damage to a person will be too great. But definitely no one would be willing to call out.

But once the soul enters the emperor realm, it will be different. At all times, the soul is another form of physical existence, and the power it possesses is not inferior to the body, and its defense is even more staggering. , fighting together with the main body, the power is naturally extremely strong.

Yueyu's heavenly realm is perfect, although she still stays at the peak level of the heavenly realm, but she can't step into the soul of the emperor realm for a long time, so compared with the later period, it is a world of difference...

"To a certain extent, once the soul power reaches the soul of the emperor, it can be said that there is an extra tacit understanding of the battle partner, and the strength of this battle partner still depends on your own tyranny. , It is somewhat similar to your fighting skills that can condense clones, but, whether it is formidable or other, etc., the soul clones condensed by your body fighting skills cannot reach the soul level of emperor realm automatically. Compared with the actual body formed by condensing." Yue Yu is also worthy of being a five-star Dou Emperor powerhouse, and he has a lot of knowledge, so he said.

"Don't worry, senior, it's not just a soul clone, and it won't cause much loss to me." Xiao Yan also said.

"That's good, then Xiao Yan, you can rest assured, don't show your face, even if they find out and come back, I will handle the rest for you."

"Let's go, let Xiao Yan have a good rest. UU reading www.uukanshu.com" Yue Yu also knew that Xiao Yan was fine, and then prepared to quit to give Xiao Yan a rest.

"Thank you, senior!" Xiao Yan also knew Yue Yu's good intentions, and immediately said gratefully.

"Hehe." Looking at the three who had left, Xiao Yan also laughed.

At that time, when the power of the gray triangular light beam seal of the three elders of the Mu family came, if it wasn't for his master Jinlong King telling him the role of this soul avatar, Xiao Yan would still be kept in the dark, and maybe he would have been killed by the third Mu family. Old succeeded.

Although he has already stepped into the mortal soul power of the emperor realm on the basis of the soul of the emperor realm, Xiao Yan has no idea about the use of the soul avatar of the emperor realm. With the soul power of the emperor realm, but there is nothing he can do, but fortunately, his master, the Golden Dragon King, told himself at a critical time.

"Wucheng and the Mu family? I even gave you a big gift." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself while looking into the distance from the wooden house.

In the distance, the Mu family's group, the Mu family's third elder, the scar elder, carried Xiao Yan with one hand, and then walked towards Wucheng.

"Could it be that your sealing power is too strong, this Xiao Yan is actually sealed like this..." Mueller also looked at the dying Xiao Yan and said, he has played against Xiao Yan, and he knows best that Xiao Yan has many tricks, and it is not so easy. will be caught.

"Hmph, you are too embarrassed to say that the dignified members of my Mu family can't beat such a kid. You have thrown our Mu family's face into it!" Murray also said fiercely to his son.

Muller also wanted to cry, but Xiao Yan's milky white terrifying flames and endless fighting skills made him unable to do anything, and then he followed the large army like a mute eating a yellow lotus. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: