Chapter Vol 4 1778: The last hidden danger!

"Finally let me wait until this day." After Shunxi, seeing the five strong men's body aura plummeting and no longer having any fighting power, Lin Yunshu gently walked from the throne to the five people, sneered, voice It turned out to be filled with an unprecedented relief.

"Damn it..." At this time, the five people were dying of breath in their bodies, and they could only look up at the princess with great difficulty.

"You... how did you do it?" At this moment, the leader of the five, the old man of Seven Star Dou Xian asked incredulously.

Since this princess returned from the Xuanling Continent, they discovered that she possessed the power of stars in her body, so she was secretly imprisoned in this garden palace, and her every move was under her surveillance. How did she manage to win over so many strong The most important thing is the national treasure in his hands.

Thousands of wooden boxes.

The ten thousand wooden box contains an extremely fierce aura. Once it is completely activated by the royal bloodline, it can make all wood attributes lose their combat effectiveness in a short time.

"Thank you Xiao Yan for this."

"Of course Xiao Yan brought this to me." Lin Yunshu nodded lightly.

Yesterday, Lin Yunshu and Xiao Yan had a lot of conversations, and this plan was also a part of it, but the ten thousand wooden box was not brought by Xiao Yan. The princess said this, I am afraid it is just to create momentum for Xiao Yan.

"Take them down and keep them under strict supervision." After a while, Lin Yunshu smiled lightly.

Now that these people have been completely resolved, the power is in hand, and just now has enough strength to compete with the other two powerhouses.

"Hahaha!"

"Lin Yunshu, you imprisoned a few of us, but you forgot the huge power behind us. If there is no order from us, I'm afraid you..." Looking at Lin Yunshu's methods, the expressions of the five of them suddenly changed.

"Papapa." At this time, Lin Yunshu clapped his hands lightly, and suddenly several quite similar figures poured in from the back door of the conference room.

"How is this possible!"

"Lin Yunshu!" Looking at the five people pouring in in front of them, both in appearance and aura, they were very similar to the five of them. At this moment, they finally realized the seriousness of the matter.

"It would be great if you were obedient... Your strength, they will inherit it for you."

"Take it!" The majestic voice sounded like a queen's anger.

"Yes, Your Royal Highness!" As soon as the voice fell, the guy with Lin Yunshu's Qixing Fighting Immortal as the main leader took the five people down. This time, I'm afraid they will end up in hell.

"My subordinates pay tribute to Her Royal Highness." The next moment, the five fake Lin Hao who had just emerged smiled respectfully.

"Go back and remember not to reveal any clues. After you go back, set up your own forces. I'm afraid it won't take long for the real storm." The princess stared into the distance and shook her head slightly.

"Yes." These five people are very similar in body and appearance, so that their breath is disguised, so it is extremely difficult for people to detect.

"..." After some restlessness, the meeting room here was getting quiet again, only Xiao Yan and Lin Yunshu were left.

"It's very clever, I thought there was going to be a fierce battle." Xiao Yan waved his hands helplessly and sat on his seat.

"These guys have heavy soldiers in their hands and have long wanted to do this."

"It's just a matter of taking you here today," Lin Yunshu said with a smile.

"Is there anything else I need to do?" Although Lin Yunshu smiled in relief, Xiao Yan still sensed a trace of concern and immediately asked.

"Just waiting for your words." Lin Yunshu smiled maliciously when he heard the words.

"Sure enough..." Xiao Yan also had a feeling of being calculated.

"Now that my Tianyuan Mountains are completely settled, I am waiting for the real election day to enter the empire and compete with the other two."

"However, I always feel that the father's condition is not so simple. It seems that he was maliciously targeted." Lin Yunshu analyzed carefully.

"Is there any news?" Xiao Yan immediately became interested when he heard this.

A dignified seven-star fighting immortal complete powerhouse can still be afflicted by illness, even bedridden, which is a bit too serious and strange.

"This matter should be related to the other two. They are all suspects, but there is no iron evidence to prove..."

"There is a coastal town in the Tianxing Continent. After returning from where, the father became infected with a special disease, which became more and more severe." Lin Yunshu kept saying.

"Is there a specific location?" Xiao Yan nodded, knowing the importance of the matter.

"Yes, it is a coastal town. It is said that there have been sea beasts making trouble recently, but now the election day is approaching, and I have to be in Tianxing City, even my subordinates. Once I leave, I will be discovered by the other two electors. …”

"So Xiao Yan, this time I want to ask you to help me find out. I think there is the truth about my father's illness." Lin Yunshu frowned, quite worried.

"Okay... no problem, leave it to me." Xiao Yan smiled lightly, this kind of thing was not too difficult for him.

"Xiao Yan, thank you."

"After the success, regardless of success or failure, I will open up a different dimension of immortal flames for you." At this moment, Lin Yunshu shook his head lightly and said quite playfully.

"Immortal... Yan?" After Shun breathed, it was Xiao Yan's turn to be surprised.

"You already know?" Xiao Yan looked at the rather playful princess in front of him in surprise and said You were in the ghost world, luckily you were told by a subordinate, you are really a very powerful person guy. "Lin Yuner said with a smile.

"Hehe." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, this time really served multiple purposes.

"Take a rest, tomorrow Lin Shuang will send you into the dark passage, which is the passage leading to the coastal town."

"But remember, you only have three months, and in three months, whether you realize the truth or not, you must come back, because three months later, I and the three electors will have an election. At that time, I I need your help." Lin Yunshu's tone was solemn, and every word was filled with a faint worry.

"Okay." The two nodded, and it was quiet here.

"Immortal flame... I don't know if I can really rely on immortality and immortality to explore the enviable Supreme Avenue." Xiao Yan chuckled and walked towards his residence.

"Actually, they are all wrong. Isn't the power of the stars so easy?"

"This power is not only related to the space that opened the immortal flame, but also related to the ruins of the fallen stars."

"But now of the three electors, I'm afraid I'm the one with a low chance of winning."

"Xiao Yan... Whether it will succeed this time will depend on you." While speaking, the princess slowly disappeared, and after the five heretics were imprisoned by her, she was replaced by one of her subordinates. , The Tianyuan Mountains are unusually united, causing the strength here to skyrocket in a short period of time, making the other two princes feel vaguely uneasy, but behind this seemingly quiet, it is like a stormy sea is about to come.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.