Chapter Vol 4 1945: The third remnant picture of the Holy Flame List, the reincarnation of heaven...

"What a strange passage..." Along with the triangular formation, Yin-Yang Bagua exudes endless demonic energy, and in the iceberg, an emerald green passage slowly appears, which seems to be connected to a mysterious and ancient place. Xiao Yan saw this. , frowned and muttered.

In this emerald green passage, it seems that there is endless imprisoning power, and even Xiao Yan's power at that level can't be confronted head-on.

Not to mention that the outside world can only smell an extremely fierce depression, but the fiery fluctuations of Sheng Yan and Fen Jue in Xiao Yan's body made Xiao Yan stagnate for a while.

It seems that some things in this passage have something to do with Sheng Yan and Fen Jue. Judging from such hot fluctuations, this is definitely the first time Xiao Yan has encountered in his life.

"I don't care." With a light voice, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate immediately, his figure jumped, and he stepped directly into the emerald green channel of demonic energy.

"咻咻!" The thick demonic aura almost crushed Xiao Yan into a pile of powder. His muscles suddenly tightened to varying degrees, making it difficult to even breathe. , it seems that the next moment is to be completely strangled to death by the ghost.

"Weng buzzing!" At that time, the blood of the Xiao family, the deepest part of Xiao Yan's body, violently rolled and roared like an automatic protector, and bursts of scarlet blood force emerged, forming a scarlet streak in front of Xiao Yan's body. The color of the energy shackles protects Xiao Yan.

With the energy shackles supported by the power of blood, Xiao Yan was relieved just now, otherwise, Xiao Yan would not dare to imagine the consequences of such extreme pressure.

"Xiao Clan's bloodline?" At this moment, Xiao Yan's pressure was greatly reduced, walking in the emerald green passage with great ease, hesitantly said.

"It seems that there is indeed a place left by our seniors of the Xiao family, and the blood in the body is drawn, and this scene has just happened." Feeling the boiling and abnormality of the blood of the Xiao family in the body, Xiao Yan smiled slightly, and he knew it for a while. The reason for that.

After resting, Xiao Yan looked at this emerald green passage.

The passage here is quite vast. It looks like an irregular quadrilateral all day long, and it seems to have a space area of ​​tens of meters. On the surrounding walls, there are some green demons that reach the sky, and those demons form countless birds. The beasts are carved on it, and the lifelike handwriting seems to be real. The bodies, feathers and even the demeanor of the birds and beasts are subtle and slightly warped. Emergence, can not help but daunting.

"Sisi!" Xiao Yan walked gently, with the help of the protection of the blood shackles on his body, his palms lightly touched the murals of these monsters on the soaring demonic energy, trying to detect some other things from them, and suddenly the two just touched. In an instant, a humming sound emerged from Xiao Yan's palm and the emerald green monster beast mural.

"This is?" At this moment, Xiao Yan's whole body strength and perception were wrapped in this green demonic energy, and a violent demon beast swept through his body, as if trying to devour himself.

The red blood shackles and the sky-high green demonic energy are intertwined, forming a magnificent scenery.

"This is a special method. It's a bit like using a monster's demeanor as a cover to memorize some unknown secrets?" At this moment, Xiao Yan suddenly realized something, his palm suddenly retracted, and his body was four squares away. The mysterious frescoes on the walls are far away from some distance, and the eyes are vigilant.

"Boom!" At that time, countless birds and beasts fell off the mural as if they had come to life. The extreme power made Xiao Yan's scalp tingle.

Hundreds of monsters, and even the weakest beings are enough to easily destroy him. At this moment, Xiao Yan's heart, body burning skills, and many other means exploded directly!

"Little guy, come here." At the same time, it seemed that some ancient voice slowly sounded from the end of the emerald green passage, guiding Xiao Yan.

"Weng buzzing!" For a moment, without waiting for Xiao Yan's reaction, the whole body flew upside down, and in a flash, it was wrapped in a golden light and headed towards the end of the emerald green passage. His eyes were filled with an ancient look of respect, and after he had rested, he was transformed into a mural and stood here quietly.

They are the guardians of this ancient passage. Once strange creatures break into this place, they will be mercilessly obliterated by them, but it is unknown why Xiao Yan was summoned by the power they guard.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan was enveloped by the power, and his voice guided him towards the end like a thunderbolt. He seemed to have penetrated some kind of extremely ancient energy barrier for a while, and the blood shackles on his body and The power of that layer of energy barrier was exactly the same. After a while, it crashed into the barrier, and the silence returned to here.

"It hurts." In the blink of an eye, Xiao Yan only felt that his whole body was surging, and a terrifying aura that surpassed the sky shot out, and immediately wrapped himself, as if he had left the emerald green passage and reached the end, so he did not open his eyes yet. Eyes, palms touching forehead, quite painful.

"Gulu...what is this place?" After waiting for the pain in his forehead to ease a little, a look of shock appeared on Xiao Yan's flat face.

After being wrapped by that mysterious light, Xiao Yan reached the end of the emerald green passage, as if he had passed some mysterious enchantment force and entered a very strange place.

Looking around at this time, this is actually the mysterious lake that I just saw from the triangle sword formation?

There are not only countless lush ancient trees in the sky, but even a domineering demonic energy permeates the air, and the center of the forest is where the lake is.

"Come here." Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, a soft voice slowly emerged.

That voice was as light as a feather, but under the gentle tone, it contained a touch of arrogance that was irresistible to the world, and even this arrogance was still above the demon emperor, reaching a kind of domineering that Xiao Yan had never seen before. realm.

That kind of power, that kind of realm, I am afraid that the word reincarnation is not enough to compare.

"Hush!" Xiao Yan was about to follow the voice. When he walked past these monstrous ancient trees, these ancient trees trembled under Xiao Yan's eyelids, and immediately the originally empty path was blocked by him. Seriously.

"What's going on?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan found that the blood shackles on his body had disappeared, and now that he entered here, all the power in his body had failed. He frowned. The ruler is loose, ready for what comes next.

The area of ​​the forest here is about 1000 meters, but the strange thing is that these ancient trees, it seems that each one contains the power and life breath that surpasses ordinary people. In addition, it is so humane that hinders his progress, Xiao Yan can't help it. He hesitated.

"Let's... step back." Just as Xiao Yan was about to go all out, that gentle ancient voice suddenly emerged.

Immediately, these strange old trees quieted down, and slowly retreated to let the path out. They were quietly creeping on the two sides of the path, with their crowns all facing the lake in the center of the forest. They were quite respectful... Humble and dare not have any disobedience.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: