Chapter Vol 2 748: The arrogant girl in the pharmacy

"Qinxin, by the way, where is the refining pharmacy, why don't I know?" Xiao Yan and Qinxin were on their way to the refining pharmacy, but Xiao Yan decided to ask clearly.

After all, it is not only Xiao Yan who is involved in the pharmacy refinery. I am afraid that very few people in the entire Burning Incense Pavilion know about it.

"I can't blame you for this. After all, the number of people in the pharmacy is too small, and the pharmacy is not open to the public every day, because the pharmacy is only for the internal service of the Fenxiang Pavilion." Qin Xin said.

"You seem to know these things very well?" Xiao Yan heard this, and immediately heard some other meanings. It seemed that Qinxin knew the details of the Fenxiang Pavilion and even some unknown secrets, which could not help but increase Xiao Yan's curiosity. Heart.

"Don't ask too much, although I know your strength is not as simple as it seems, but knowing more about some things is not good for you, trust me." The next moment, Qinxin said suddenly and seriously.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan suddenly smelled a dangerous aura from Qin Xin, and immediately stopped talking.

Xiao Yan also knows that everyone has their own secrets, but as long as they don't touch the last line of defense, there are still many friends and multiple paths.

Xiao Yan is still a little curious about Qinxin's life experience. The power of this guy is not like this one, it is very likely that it is from other continents!

"It's here." After a while, Qin Xin said slightly.

"That's it?" Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately raised his head, only to see that there was a forest trail one day before, and there were several wooden houses slowly connecting to the forest trail. It showed that they had reached the periphery of the Burning Incense Pavilion.

However, the extremely strong scent of medicinal herbs and soul power in those wooden houses could not escape Xiao Yan's perception.

"The location of the refining pharmacy is remote, so not many people know about it."

"But don't underestimate the pharmacy."

"Although there are only four people in this refining pharmacy, the number of people is smaller than that of our Heavenly Palace, but his status is unmatched, because the owner of the refining pharmacy is a genuine emperor-rank third-grade refining pharmacist, and the assistant room The master is also a second-rank emperor alchemist, and they have two disciples." Qin Xin explained to Xiao Yan slowly.

"Good guy!" Xiao Yan heard the words. Suddenly surprised!

A second-grade emperor-rank pharmacist, in Xuansan Santian, where the strong are like clouds, can be treated with respect by any party, if a more powerful third-rank emperor-rank alchemist is undoubtedly the icing on the cake!

"So, be careful for a while, you know, your pharmacists are sometimes very annoying, and always put on a high-level attitude, which makes people very uncomfortable." Qin Xin snorted at Xiao Yan, the dissatisfaction in it. The Lingli displayed is perfect.

гӮЎж–°гғӨ~в‘§~1~дёӯж–ҮзҪ‘ПүПүПү.ПҮ~в’Ҹ~1zСү.cГІРј

"Let's go and have a look. This time we are here just to break through the bottleneck of the second-grade emperor-rank alchemist, don't make extra efforts." Xiao Yan said to Qinxin, after all, if this little aunt is unhappy, I am afraid this transaction At onceвҖҰвҖҰ

"Don't worry, although the alchemist is extremely annoying, I am free." Qin Xin seemed to see Xiao Yan's worry and said.

"The pharmacy's owner, Bai Gan, is a third-rank and nine-star Dou Di. He is also a third-rank alchemist. The deputy owner, Ye Meng, Jiu-Xing Dou Di, is also a second-rank peak pharmacist."

"One of the disciples is named Zuo Lu, the peak of the first rank of the emperor, the late six-star Dou Di, the little junior sister Leng Fuyao, the middle stage of the six-star Dou Di, the first-rank alchemist of the emperor, but don't underestimate this little junior sister, this guy I am the first person I have ever seen in terms of soul power." Qin Xin said in Zaidu.

"Go ahead and have a look." Xiao Yan secretly wrote down these important news, and then walked in slowly.

"Hehe, disciple, how's the mission today?" An old man asked a young girl in a few wooden houses, and there was a bit of concern in his voice.

"Not yet...not yet." The girl gritted her teeth slightly and said stubbornly.

"You." Staring at the huge alchemy furnace in front of him

"I said don't be brave, look at you."

"The medicinal pill I made for you is clearly just an emperor-rank first-grade human pill, but you want to raise its level to such an emperor-rank first-grade earth pill." The old man's tone contained a hint of cursing at the girl. road.

"Humph!"

"I can!"

"I succeeded after giving me a little time." The girl was extremely proud and refused to bow her head at all, and she was not afraid of the old man's scolding.

"Oh, you." Seeing that his precious disciple was so persistent, the old man was immediately reluctant to speak.

"Master, someone is asking to see you." Just when the old man was about to say something, a man walked in and said respectfully to the old man.

"Who is it?" Hearing the words, the old man immediately turned his head and asked.

"It is said that it is Xiao Yan, a disciple of the Human Palace." The man said slightly.

"Xiao Yan?" The old man hadn't reacted yet. When the girl heard the name, she suddenly put down the flame in her hand, as if she heard something interesting, and walked towards the door.

"Hey, wait for me." The old man hurriedly chased after the girl when she saw that the girl had left the medicinal pill she was refining.

"Hehe, Junior Sister's level of refining medicine, I am afraid that she has reached the level of the emperor's first-grade Tiandan, which is really amazing." The old man's alchemy furnace exuded a seductive medicinal medicinal herb, and he immediately praised it. A few words, because he found out that the medicinal pill has been successfully refined, but because of his little junior sister's character there are endless dangerous things about forcibly upgrading, which also caused her pharmacist to wait in the ranks. Stay here again.

"Why has there been no one for so long?" Xiao Yan and Qin Xin stood at the door and waited for a long time without finding any sign of anyone coming, so they hesitated immediately.

"Boom boom boom!" Just when the two relaxed their vigilance and hesitated, an invisible and colorless soul attack suddenly emerged from the wooden house.

"Be careful!" Xiao Yan's keen soul power has never let down his guard. This is also what Xiao Yan has learned from walking on the edge of life and death for many years. He immediately felt that the target of the huge soul power was the two of them, and he did not hesitate. The power burst out suddenly, and it directly collided with the unidentified soul attack!

"Boom boom boom!" The two terrifying soul forces battled, causing the sky to be filled with fog.

"Humph!"

"This Xiao Yan."

"What a tyrannical soul power." At this moment, the girl's indifferent pupils suddenly filled with a strange color.

"Enough!" The old man snorted coldly when he saw that his precious disciple was not playing cards according to common sense. The huge power directly killed the two soul powers and disappeared.

"Damn, this old man has such terrifying strength and soul power." Seeing this, Xiao Yan's expression suddenly became ugly, and he said something in a low voice.

"Deputy owner, little junior sister, you haven't seen each other for a long time. You are still like this." Qin Xin said slowly to the two figures, as if she had known it for a long time.

Ask for tickets!