Chapter 490: The fierce collision of the 9 major tribes of Medusa and the dragon-loving army!

"Cough, cough..." Shefu said slowly.

"Give me a blast!" The next moment, Shefu wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, and then said with a hideous expression!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boom boom boom!" As Shefu's voice just fell, the dragon's spirit bound by the five forces of life and death suddenly broke free, and then turned into two monstrous rays of light, which merged into the huge pillar of fighting qi. middle!

"Boom boom boom!" The Dou Qi beam of light instantly expanded in size, and then exploded directly!

The gorgeous sparks exploded suddenly, slowly shaking the huge light array and five energy balls!

Qin Tian in the sky suddenly shrank his pupils, and then a mouthful of blood spurted out.

"Damn bastard!" Qin Tian cursed loudly.

"Hahaha, old Qin Tian, ​​each other." Snake's pestle held the dragon rod in his hand, and burst out laughing.

Qin Tian was also extremely miserable. The huge light formation under Qin Tian's feet was the Immovable King of Light, and all of Qin Tian's methods had to be used in it. He suddenly broke away from the Fudo Mingwang formation and launched an attack on Shefu.

Although the attack achieved a certain effect, Shefu was also an old-fashioned generation. He instantly attacked the Fudoming King Formation, which made the Fudoming King Formation a little shaken, and then directly fed back to Qin Tian. one scene.

"Damn it, Shefu!"

"It's not dead yet!" Qin Tian roared angrily, and then his figure increased sharply. Just as he was about to go towards the snake above the desert, he found something.

In front of Qin Tian, ​​a series of rays of light appeared, and then slowly turned into several figures.

The one in the lead has a dark body complexion all over his body, his eyes are embarrassed, and looking ahead, a fierce aura emerges from his eyebrows, like a fierce beast.

This person's name is Mobal, he is the leader of the Black Snake Tribe, and he is also a three-turn nine-star fighting emperor!

Behind him, several 8-star Dou Emperor Perfection level and late 8-star Dou Emperor powerhouses are also there!

"Have the leaders of the eight major tribes of Medusa gathered..." Qin Tian said slowly in his heart, but he was very shocked!

Among the eight major tribes, there are only three tribes with nine-star Doudi powerhouses in total. Now both tribes have arrived, only that Nudong has not arrived, but this is also extremely tricky!

Among the eight great tribes that have already gathered, there are only two of the nine-star Dou Emperor powerhouses, not to mention other extremely eight-star Dou Emperor powerhouses. In addition to the half-immortal strength of Shefu, Qin Tian needs to deal with it. .

On the other hand, here in Qin Tian, ​​the nine-star Dou Emperor only has himself. As for the others, the strongest are only the perfect level of the Eight-star Dou Emperor, not to mention Xuanling King, Ye Mo and Xuan Ming. Entering the Temple of Medusa, this is no longer a well-matched battle, and it is likely to be a crush on one side!

"Have the nine major tribes of Medusa already arrived..." Seeing this, the mysterious demon on the side was slightly wrinkled.

"No, it seems that there are only eight major tribes here, it's really strange..." Fan Yu said on the side.

"No, I have to withdraw."

"The leaders of the eight major tribes are gathered together, and with this snake, if we don't leave, I'm afraid we will fall directly here!" He looked at everyone with his lips, and then a wave of fear emerged spontaneously!

"Hahaha!"

"Mobar, are you guys too slow?" The Snake King seemed to be able to handle it even under the siege of several people, and immediately said to the dark figure.

"Humph!"

"Snake King, our tribes are the furthest from the temple. It's not like you don't know..."

"Instead, it's you. The dignified Nine-Star Dou Emperor has been entangled by several eight-star Dou Emperor's little dolls for so long, which is quite in line with your Snake King tribe." Mobal said to the Snake King unceremoniously.

"Do you think these humans are so easy to deal with?"

"This is the elite of the Xuanling royal family, right, the Dragon Addiction Legion, otherwise you thought it would be so slow with the strength of this king?" The Snake King snorted immediately, and then said to Mobal.

"Okay, okay, stop arguing, let's solve these human beings in front of us first... Stepping into the territory of our Medusa clan, I am afraid that only death can quell the anger this time." Another eight-star fighting emperor emerged with complete strength. The female leader took a step forward.

"Yes." Mobal responded slowly, and then his eyes moved slightly, but he saw the blue and white snake!

"Qingqing~" A rather cordial voice sounded from Mobar's mouth, and then Mobar disappeared in place. When Du appeared, he appeared beside the blue-and-white snake.

"Mobar, why don't you help the teacher to repel the strong enemy?" Seeing this, the blue-and-white snake frowned, obviously not knowing what medicine this Mobar's gourd was selling.

"Qingqing?"

"What's wrong with you?" The next moment, the excitement in Mobal's eyes disappeared without a trace!

Because with the strength of Mobar's three-turn Jiuxing Dou Emperor, he could actually feel something from the blue-and-white snake.

"Nothing." Blue and White Snake shook his head helplessly, and didn't say much.

"who is it!"

"Who is it!" Mobal felt that in the body of the blue-and-white snake, the companion snake had already disappeared without a trace, and even the foundation had been greatly damaged, and the strength had dropped to the level of a nine-star Dou Emperor at this time. level!

"Ahhh!" Mobar suddenly roared!

"Mobar, calm me down!" Blue and White Snake let out a coquettish anger.

"calm down?"

"How can you make me calm down?"

"This king's woman was actually hurt like this!"

"How can I calm down!" Mobal said in great pain.

"Who is your woman?" The blue and white snake snorted coldly, and an invisible wave spread instantly!

"I know you don't accept me, but in my heart, only someone as good as you is worthy of me!" Mobal said very sincerely.

"Humph!" The blue-and-white snake heard the words, snorted coldly, and then led Qingyan in one direction, ignoring Mobar at all.

"Damn human actually made this king's woman do this, then...you must die!" After Mobal finished speaking, a monstrous killing intent spread instantly!

"Qin Tian, ​​it seems that this time, God will not help you." Seeing that the eight tribes had gathered, Shefu immediately confronted Qin Tian.

Although the attack just now was powerful, it wasn't deadly enough. The Shefu at this time was just exhausted from the fighting qi in his body.

"Alas..." Qin Tian sighed slowly, then directly put away the Fudo Mingwang Formation, and then the five energy **** also appeared around his body.

"superior!"

"Be sure to keep them in this desert forever!" Shefu held up the dazzling dragon rod and said to the people around him.

"Damn it!" Qingmu and Fanyu broke free from the enemy's attack in an instant, and then came directly to Qin Tian.

The Snake King and the others, Ye didn't pursue them deeply. They broke away from the Xuanling royal family and came to the back of Snake Fu.

At this time, the two sides are deadlocked!

"Head of the regiment, it's troublesome now." Fan Yu held the medicine core and said.

Qin Tian stared solemnly at the nine Medusa strong men in front of him, and then sent a gentle force into the core of the medicine.

"Cough, cough..." With the delivery of this force, the core just woke up.

"If that's the case... let's fight."

"Is the name of my Xuanling Royal Family's First Legion, the Dragon Addiction Legion, just a vain name?" Qin Tian shouted in the sky.

Ask for tickets!