Chapter Vol 4 943: The Golden Dragon King wakes up!

"Failed..." Xiao Yan frowned immediately when he saw Xiao Xuan's imprint of life and the intact shape-returning pill in the sky.

Although the shape rejuvenation pill has the magical effect of reviving the soul, it requires the power of the soul or the remnant to devour it, and it can only work by relying on the mysterious medicinal power of the pill.

However, the imprint of this ancestor Xiao Xuan's life is only a trace of spirituality, and it is impossible to call it a remnant soul. In this case, there is obviously no way to devour the Soul Rejuvenating Pill, and it is impossible to swallow the Soul Rejuvenating Pill. Refining the medicinal pill, if it cannot be refined, it cannot be resurrected. This is a series of cause and effect.

"No, things have come to this point, we can't just let it go." Xiao Yan clenched his fists tightly, even if there was only a glimmer of hope, he could not give up. If nothing else, Xiao Xuan is still the ancestor of their Xiao clan, and this alone cannot give up halfway.

"Soul power!" Xiao Yan snorted softly, and suddenly a soul power rushed towards the mark of life, trying to stimulate the spirituality of the mark of life.

"..." Xiao Yan's soul power was attached to the light of the imprint of life, and a few minutes passed without any movement.

"Damn." Xiao Yan scolded secretly, relying on his perception, Xiao Yan seemed to sense that this imprint of life was like a dead thing, without any breath.

But this is clearly wrong, he just threw the shape-returning pill into it, if it wasn't for the ray of life imprint to spit out the shape-returning pill, Xiao Yan would also know that it was a dead object.

"Clan Marks!"

"Get up!" At the next moment, Xiao Yan felt a hint of determination in his heart, and then a deep-colored ancient hidden pattern slowly adhered to the center of his forehead. Through the pattern, an indescribable wave of terror was slowly born.

"..." In the face of Xiao Yan's appearance, the imprint of life still did not move.

"The power of the clan mark, go!" Xiao Yan controlled his mind and shot at the mark of life.

Even on the Dou Qi Continent, Xiao Xuan preserved the last bloodline of the Xiao family and exchanged blood for himself. Xiao Yan was as ignorant of the use of clan marks as a baby.

"Shabu Shabu!" The power of the clan lines, with a hint of mystery, poured directly into the light of the imprint of life.

In the next moment, there were a few faint movements in the always quiet imprint of life!

"Sure enough!" Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan couldn't help but show joy on his face, and then he increased the power of the clan mark and walked away against the mark of life.

"No movement again?" However, as Xiao Yan controlled the power in the clan lines against the imprint of life, except for the slight movement at the beginning, there was no movement at all.

"Strange thing." Xiao Yan couldn't help scratching his head and said something.

"Forget it, let's fight." The next moment, Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and said directly to the mark of life.

"Sisi!" Xiao Yan's fingertips directly exerted force, and then a drop of blood gushed out instantly!

Xiao Yan's blood essence!

For Xiao Yan, a drop of blood essence is a lot of load. If it wasn't for saving the ancestors, Xiao Yan would not be willing to take it out. After all, blood essence was condensed from the power in his own body, and it was extremely expensive.

"Go!" Seeing this drop of dark red blood essence, Xiao Yan's breath was also a little sluggish, but at this time, he obviously didn't care about it, and went directly to the light of Xiao Xuan's life imprint.

"Crash!" As soon as the blood essence came to the ray of life imprint, the light of the imprint of life that had always been calm suddenly burst out, and then swallowed up Xiao Yan's essence and blood, and then returned to peace.

"It should be almost the end now." Seeing his blood essence being swallowed up by the light of the imprint of life, Xiao Yan clearly felt that the light of the imprint of life became more solid. After a few minutes passed, Xiao Yan spoke slowly.

"If that's the case, try it once!" Xiao Yan made up his mind, and directly controlled the Shape-Returning Soul Pill to face the mark of life.

But this time, the imprint of life remained motionless, no matter how the Soul Resurrection Pill moved, it remained unmoved.

"This..." The matter had reached this point, Xiao Yan couldn't help cursing.

"..." In the training room, Xiao Yan had created a soul barrier, so it was natural that the state inside could not be seen from the outside. At this time, the inside was deadly silent.

"Uncle Shi, don't look at it anymore, come out quickly." There was really no other way, Xiao Yan had to take off the Emperor Yan Ring on his palm, and then said bitterly.

"Hehe, you did a good job." The Golden Dragon King was actually watching Xiao Yan's actions while he was accepting the ring. Xiao Yan's refining of medicinal pills and his body was naturally taken in his eyes. .

"Sure enough!" Xiao Yan looked at the phantom that appeared from the ring, and immediately said with great joy.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This phantom is his uncle, the Golden Dragon King!

It's just that the breath of the Golden Dragon King's body at this time made Xiao Yan feel as if he had fallen into a ten thousand year ice cave.

"You kid, you are quite clever, how do you know that I am awake?" The Golden Dragon King just appeared and smiled at Xiao Yan.

For Xiao Yan, even as the king of the dragon clan, he had to admire him.

"Hey-hey."

"I have vaguely guessed it since I entered the ruins of the bright moon, but I have never been able to confirm it. The appearance of Canglonglu later made me sure." Xiao Yan said with a grin I don't know the teacher How's your uncle's recovery? "Xiao Yan asked in a deep voice.

"A third of the recovery." The Golden Dragon King said.

The source of life is indeed rare, but it is obviously impossible to rely on that thing to restore the peak.

"One third..." Xiao Yan nodded thoughtfully, and then said.

"Hehe, don't underestimate my third of my strength."

"A mere one-third of my power is like the ants of the Xuanling King of the Xuanling royal family. I can jump to death with a fart!" The Golden Dragon King looked at Xiao Yan thoughtfully, and immediately said, The arrogance in it is not concealed at all.

"A fart can kill him..." Xiao Yan was dumbfounded by the sudden words of the Golden Dragon King.

However, it is also true that an existence like the Golden Dragon King must be ranked among the peaks of this Great Thousand World. Although King Xuanling said that his current strength has reached the battle of immortals, in the eyes of the Golden Dragon King, he is still no different from the ants.

"Uncle Master, the corpse of the mother of the bodhi tree of immortal spirits and a strong immortal warrior has been prepared for you. It should be able to refine your body..." Looking at the amiable old man in front of him, Xiao Yan suddenly looked at him. When he arrived at Yao Lao's shadow, his nose immediately became sour, and an inexplicable emotion poured into his heart.

"Yes, yes, but for now, let's revive your ancestor first." Xiao Yan glanced at Xiao Yan, but a fiery liquid was secreted from the huge dragon's eye, which was obviously also caught by Xiao Yan. This kid was moved.