Chapter 678: The plan of the King of Infinite Mountains!

"This fluctuation..." At this time, the mysterious white smoke on the top of Wuliang Mountain slowly dissipated, and an unusually conspicuous cloud of blood was slowly born.

In the blood cloud, a disturbing wave of terror brewed out, and the terrifying attack was slow to fall, as if waiting for something.

"This fluctuation, could it be the guy in the Boundless Mountain?"

"Even if it is to cross the tribulation, the strength has not reached the peak of Dou Di, the level of Dou Xian, it is impossible to attract a catastrophe." At this time, in a pavilion on the top of the Five Elements Mountain Range where the five elements live, a figure slowly said to himself language.

This is the highest point of the Five Elements Mountain Range, and it is also the place where the Five Elements Beasts live.

Five-element beast, a special dead beast with five attributes, the five-element beast's body, magic core, and even blood essence, its role value is very huge!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

In the outside world, monsters are already extinct. Even in this special space of Luoling Mountain, if you kill the Five Elements beasts, you will get the magic core and blood essence to the outside world.

The blood essence of the Five Elements beasts is different from that of ordinary beasts. The blood essence of ordinary beasts can be used to devour them to increase their strength, but the blood essence of the Five Elements beasts is the best choice for medicinal baths!

Along the way of body training, in addition to the daily overloaded exercise, medicated bath is also a very wise choice.

Moreover, the magic core of these five-element beasts has five attributes, which is said to be a necessity for refining immortal-level medicine pills. As for whether it is true or false, it is unknown.

At this time, the five-element beast showed five-color light all over its body, like a turtle, and there was a doubtful look on the forehead in front of it.

Outsiders only know the illustrious name of the Five Elements Beast, but they do not know that the body of the Five Elements Beast is actually a kind of turtle.

There is also a name for the Five Elements Beast, the Five Elements Golden Tortoise!

"I don't know what the **** this guy from Wuliangshan is up to. I knew before that he was ambitious, but I didn't expect this guy to be so crazy."

"Looking at the cloud of blood on the top of Wuliang Mountain, it seems like you want to use this to escape the calamity?"

"But we are dead beasts. Even if we have demon cores and blood essence in our bodies, we are the same as ordinary monsters, but we can't escape Luoling Mountain. What the **** is this guy doing..." The Five Elements Golden Turtle said slightly, then shook his head.

For the one in the Boundless Mountain, even with the strength of the Five Elements Golden Tortoise, one can't help but feel a sense of fear. After all, the one in the Boundless Mountain is the strongest in the entire Luoling Mountain!

"Forget it, leave him alone. Every time I try the Burning Incense Pavilion in the Five Elements Mountain Range, I will send someone to encircle and suppress me, but I am a dignified Five Elements Golden Tortoise, isn't that something you can kill?" After the Five Elements Golden Tortoise finished, Directly above the huge tortoise shell, a strange five-color light lit up, slowly moving towards a certain place.

And the few people who had entered the Five Elements Mountain Range were surrounded and suppressed by many powerful beasts in the Five Elements Mountain Range.

In the Tianmu Mountains, there are poisonous insects everywhere. If you are not careful, you may cause trouble.

There are many poisonous insects in the Tianmu Mountains, which makes it difficult to enter the Tianmu Mountains. After all, toxins are extremely deadly to many people.

"This blood cloud..."

"Is that guy from Wuliangshan crazy?" In an extremely quiet place in the Tianmu Mountains, a six-legged monster suddenly woke up and said directly.

This six-legged monster is the king of the Tianmu Mountains, the Tianmu behemoth!

There are no hands and feet on the Tianmu giant beasts, some only have six legs in a row, and looking along the six legs, hundreds of compound eyes appear, which makes people shudder and horrified at first glance.

"Hamster, go and greet the humans who entered the Tianmu Mountains."

"Earth Snake, go to Wuliang Mountain to see what the **** this guy is up to. If there is any news, please report to me as soon as possible!" The next moment, the hundreds of compound eyes of the behemoth of the sky opened slightly, and then faced the side. opening in one place.

"Yes!"

"Yes!" As soon as the Heavenly Eyed Giant Beast finished speaking, a giant black snake and a hamster with a size of several tens of meters suddenly strung out, responded and left.

"I hope this guy doesn't cause trouble, otherwise the higher-ups of Fenxiang Pavilion will be angry, and we will not be able to eat and walk around. After all, there are strong fighting immortals in this Fenxiang Pavilion..." After finishing speaking, the giant beast closed his eyes. Obviously, he was extremely displeased by the sudden scene that disturbed his sweet dream.

"This blood cloud..." After returning to the halfway of Wuliang Mountain, Xiao Yan faced the blood cloud that suddenly appeared at the top of the mountain.

"Why don't you chase?" Qin Xin asked when she saw the three dead beasts fleeing directly towards the top of the mountain, and immediately came to Xiao Yan's side.

"Don't chase after the poor bandits, and when I just fought, this Xiong Jun has been absorbing the power of my flames, I suspect that they have some conspiracy." Xiao Yan shook his head.

"Conspiracy?" Qinxin was shocked when she heard the words. Apparently, Mr. Xiong had just absorbed Xiao Yan's flame power. Qinxin naturally thought it was Mr. Xiong's power and overestimated Mr. Xiong.

"Yes, that's true. I thought that the blood cloud that appeared on the top of the mountain should be related to the power of flame absorbed by that Xiong Jun just now, because I smelled the smell of your flame." Mu Yingying came to Xiao Yan's side , raised his forehead, facing the blood cloud road on the top of the mountain.

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan just wanted to answer something, but a sudden wave of weakness came from his body's fighting qi, and then the strength that used the Skyfire Second Profound Transformation suddenly disappeared, and even the body became weak. Obviously, this secret For Xiao Yan, the law is not a small burden.

"Your strength..." After a while, Xiao Yan's breath returned to the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, and his body suddenly lost some strength.

"I'm fine, I just didn't expect the side effects of this secret method to be a bit big Xiao Yan laughed.

This is the first time that Xiao Yan has used the power of twenty-three kinds of different fires and holy flames to simultaneously perform the two mysterious transformations of the sky fire. During this, his strength has skyrocketed by two levels. Xiao Yan is naturally very satisfied. Fa's fighting skills can cause a lot of damage to himself, but Xiao Yan's secret method relies on the power of flames.

"I can feel that there seems to be something terrifying at the top of the Wuliang Mountain." When Qinxin's beautiful eyes slowly stared at the top of the Wuliang Mountain for a while, she suddenly said in a deep voice.

"What did you find?" Mu Yingying asked suspiciously.

"This kind of feeling seems a bit like the situation of high-level monsters transcending tribulation..." Qin Xin said dully.

But at this moment, just relying on this cloud of blood, Qin Xin vaguely felt that this was the catastrophe when the high-level beast was transformed into a human form!

In this situation, once it is over, the robbers will break away from the category of monsters and become human beings. They can cultivate as normal as human beings, and have seven emotions and six desires.

"A monster at the level of fighting immortals is transforming into a human race?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this!

It has been heard for a long time that after the strength of Warcraft reaches Dou Xian, you can choose to transform into a human form and continue to practice. Transforming into a human can inherit many advantages of human beings. In addition to the advantages of Warcraft itself, cultivation is like a duck in water, but this catastrophe is difficult. God, if you are not careful, you may be lost!

Ask for tickets!