Chapter Vol 4 1664: Undead door!

The Holy Tan of the Undying is a very special space. It is like a sphere. The outermost part is covered by the fog of undead to sense the power.

Among them, Undying Fire is the real highlight, but this time the Undying Saint Tan has poured into countless geniuses. Among them, most of the powerhouses are discouraged and can only divert their attention for no reason and move towards other treasures. And go.

Because where you enter the core of the Holy Tan of the Undying, there is a special existence called the Gate of Undying.

Only when the strength reaches the four-star Dou Xian perfection level can one successfully pass through the gate of immortality.

"Damn, what the **** is going on with this Undead Sect..." At this time, on a flat ground in the middle of the Undying Holy Tan, outside a rather rudimentary hut, dozens of figures gathered here, and among them the strength Most of them are located in the middle stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal and the late Four-Star Fighting Immortal. It seems that a few people are about to set foot on the Four-Star Fighting Immortal Consummation, but at this time they are also blocked by the undead door, and their figures are quite embarrassed, obviously they never die. out of defeat.

"Xuuuu." With a sound, the breeze blew on the flat ground, a space channel emerged, and then two figures appeared.

"There is one last step to enter the Holy Tan of the Undying." As soon as the two of them stood firm, Irene said quite playfully.

"One more step?" Xiao Yan frowned when he heard this, as if he had a bad premonition, looking at the group of strong people surrounding the simple wooden house.

"This is... Irene from the Earth Spirit Academy?" Some people with extraordinary eyesight saw the two of them appear, and immediately recognized the two.

"Isn't that the rumored first person in the Earth Spirit Academy, Xiao Yan?"

"The powerhouses of the five alliances of the Earth Spirit Academy have entered, and they are..." The gathering figure couldn't help but said.

"What is this?" Xiao Yan walked up slowly and asked everyone.

"This is the door of immortality, and its interior is where the fire of immortality exists, and in this door of immortality, only the four-star Dou Xian complete powerhouse can step into the breath." These guys spoke directly, but their voices were full of a hint of banter. , Obviously, Xiao Yan's mid-term strength of the Four Star Fighting Immortals is still a long way from the entry threshold.

"Immortal door?"

"Four-star Fighting Immortals is complete?" Xiao Yan suddenly understood something when he heard the words, and his eyes became strange.ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"According to the teacher's record, the gate of immortality was set up to prevent some powerhouses with insufficient strength from rushing into it, because immortal fire is the top 20 voice in the holy flame list, and the power of flame is not enough for the four-star battle. A powerhouse at the level of Immortal Perfection has devastating suppression." Irene walked up, followed behind Xiao Yan, and explained.

"Tsk tsk tsk..."

"This waist..."

"This skin is like ice and snow..."

"But by the way, this Irene is in the courtyard. It is said that she has always been extremely cold. How can this be so now?" Although everyone was quite enthusiastic about Irene's appearance, they looked like a child of a small family. Such a gesture is also unavoidable for a while of envy.

This Xiao Yan's mid-term strength of four-star Dou Xian was actually able to train this Irene so gently, and the strong people present couldn't help but give Xiao Yan a thumbs up.

The strong are indeed born, no matter how strong or weak.

"Go in and take a look, we have to hurry up, there should be a lot of strong people who have already entered." Xiao Yan naturally didn't know what other strong people were thinking, and immediately advanced slightly, heading towards the simple hut.

"What a shabby house..."

"This is... an array?" Immediately, after Xiao Yan pushed open the door, a burst of gray smoke filled the air, and then a strange pattern formed a square array on the ground of the simple hut, which was no more than five meters high.

The formation is square, and it is aligned around it, but inside it, there are a series of hidden and esoteric lines, which are shocking, and there is a rather strange power in it.

"How to do this?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"Step into it, and it will automatically detect whether you have the qualifications to enter the Holy Tan of the Undying." Erin Er whispered.

She is not in a hurry, after all, she has already reached the perfect strength of the four-star Dou Xian, and it is only a matter of time before she passes the gate of immortality, and now the most urgent task is Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan's mid-term strength of the four-star fighting immortal, can he pass the gate of immortality, but for some reason, Irene felt that Xiao Yan would not fail easily.

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan raised his front feet and stepped directly into the area covered by the square formation.

"This guy, although he has a lot of good fortune, but this immortal clan won't condone him..."

"Let's see how the first person in the so-called Earth Spirit Academy lost." Some onlookers said gloatingly.

"What kind of power is this?" As soon as he stepped into it, a sense of heaviness came upon his face, causing Xiao Yan to be like Mount Tai pressing the top, and the pressure doubled. First release https://https://

"The first transformation of the Dragon God!" Xiao Yan did not dare to hesitate, and the first transformation of the Dragon God was directly used, and his physical fitness reached a new level, just barely able to withstand the great pressure, otherwise there would be no increase in the first transformation of the Dragon God, I am afraid Xiao Yan will be seriously injured by this wave.

"Weng buzzing!" Immediately, a cloud of gray mist shrouded the simple wooden house, and Xiao Yan felt a rush of dryness.

"Gray flame... undead fire?"

"Zihuo?" Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing when he saw the menacing gray flames filling the wooden house in front of him.

Although the Undying Fire ranks in the top 20, it is only a child fire, and he already has two holy flames in his body. Therefore, for ordinary people, it may be extremely difficult for ordinary people to enter it without the complete strength of the Four Star Fighting Immortals, but for Xiao Yan Speaking of which, it is like a hands-on effort.

"Immortal fire... The young master is here!" Xiao Yan said with a smile at the corners of his mouth. The laughter just fell, and the fire in the body was running at a high speed, easily nibbling away the gray flames that permeated the entire wooden house. There were bursts of fierce rays of light, covering Xiao Yan's body.

After a while, Xiao Yan's figure disappeared here. He disappeared because of the power of the square formation and entered the core of the Undying Fire.

"Looks like he succeeded. It's really not that simple. No wonder the teachers say that this guy is a monster." Irene clapped her hands lightly and pushed open the door directly, and immediately followed Xiao Yan and entered it together.

"It's that simple?" Seeing the two disappear one after another, a group of strong people on the outside of the wooden house couldn't help but look at each other.

They knew the tyranny of the formation in the simple wooden house, but such a tyrannical formation, coupled with that kind of imprisonment, seemed to be in Xiao Yan's hands, like nothing.

In an instant, the place became deadly silent. Perhaps Xiao Yan's so-called first person in the Earth Spirit Academy is also worthy of the name, but these are not important, because the next, the battle for the immortal fire has just reached the really important stage. .