Chapter Vol 4 1515: Forbidden Hand vs Seal of Heaven!

"Boom!" With the appearance of the weird arm, the countless evil auras in the depths of the town's demon prison suddenly whizzed away at a speed visible to the naked eye. Suddenly, it was like a human being. Above the big and small arms, blue smoke with evil aura slowly emerged.

"What is that..." Hei Jue and the others were shocked when they saw such a terrifying offensive in Mo Tianxing's hands, because the blue smoke lingering on the arm actually made them all feel astonished. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"This guy..." Xiao Yan looked at the blue smoke in the arm that was so close in front of him, his pupils shrank immediately, and the khaki-colored holy flames burst out uncontrollably, so it wrapped around Xiao Yan's body.

"Xiao Yan, if you can take my blow, all my hidden souls will withdraw!"

"Otherwise, today, your defeat is already decided." It seemed that he was extremely confident in the evil power above that arm, and Mo Tianxing's mouth suddenly wriggled into a strange arc as he laughed.

This arm was given to him by the Forbidden Sea King, and its power was more than enough to suppress and obliterate some four-star Fighting Immortal powerhouses. A mere Xiao Yan in the middle stage of Three-Star Fighting Immortal Fighting was not like killing an ant.

"Since that's the case, then I'll see if it's your arm or my handprint." In an instant, Xiao Yan glanced around, and the battle in other places entered the white-hot stage. With the addition of ghosts, the Hidden Soul Society and the powerhouses of the Soul Palace were actually defeated. As long as they defeated Mo Tianxing, these guys would naturally be defeated.

"Boom!" As soon as the voice fell, the blue smoke of the arm in front of Mo Tianxing became stronger and stronger, and the evil arm after absorbing the countless evil breaths in the Demon Suppression Prison, obviously there was a strong wave between invisible, shocking Everyone, but Xiao Yan, on the other hand, was slowly mobilizing the breath all over his body, and even his pupils closed slightly, as if he was using some kind of terrifying offensive.

"This guy, I didn't expect that he still has a backhand. He made a miscalculation." At this moment, Hei Jue took the lead in shaking off Mo Baixuan, who was fighting with him, and then looked at Xiao Yan and Mo Tianxing in the center, the corners of his mouth wriggled, and he said solemnly. .

Mo Tianxing's strength is stronger than his own, even if he is against him, the odds of winning are very small.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"I hope you can succeed." After a while, Hei Jue also broke out with a dazzling offensive, and then directly attacked with Mo Baixuan. Judging from the strength of this attack, Hei Jue's victory was only a matter of time.

"Senior sister." On the other side, as Liu Yun and Nebula joined forces to deal with Mo Ran, this guy was beaten and retreated, and it was only a matter of time before he failed.

"I'll stop him, go and help Xiao Yan... You must not let Mo Tianxing completely detonate the power above that arm, otherwise all of us here will be buried with him." At this moment, Senior Sister Xingyun looked at Mo Tianxing's side. The green smoke on the arm continued to gather, and it was also clear what kind of evil power this arm contained. If they were allowed to detonate, I am afraid their end would be doomed.

"Next!" After speaking, Senior Sister Xingyun threw the guqin in her hand towards Liu Yun, trying to give Liu Yun some help through the guqin.

"Don't go, I believe him." After a short while, Duan Qifei suddenly appeared beside Liu Yun, and immediately stopped Liu Yun, looking at Xiao Yan firmly.

"But..." When Liu Yun saw Du Qifei coming to stop him, he didn't know what to do for a while. Du Qifei and the others had known each other for a long time, so they were familiar with each other. Duo Qifei was able to speak so firmly, so he was sure You can't go wrong, it's just that an attack of this level cannot be sloppy.

"Forbidden Hand!"

"Bloom!" Just when the two were at a stalemate, the arm in front of Mo Tianxing suddenly swelled violently, and a stream of blue smoke continued to emerge from the arm, and then with a tide-like offensive, facing the Demon Suppression Prison Roaring away in all directions!

In the seemingly insignificant blue smoke, there is actually a subtle fluctuation that can easily obliterate the complete powerhouse of Samsung Dou Xian!

This is not over yet, with the spread of blue smoke, the arm suddenly swelled, vaguely swelled to several dozen feet in size, and there were traces of evil lines drawn by blood on it. These lines looked evil and obscure. If it is completely detonated by it, I am afraid this place will be completely reduced to hell!

"Can't wait any longer!" After a while, Liu Yun jumped over Du Qifei's obstruction, and immediately plucked the guqin in his hand, and bursts of melodious qin sounds emerged, trying to prevent the spread of this evil wave.

"The first time I used it, it really took a lot of time." In an instant, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly opened, and a strong aura like a king of heaven and earth was immediately revealed.

"This guy's aura...how did it become weird?" Mo Tianxing immediately alerted.

"Hey!" Seeing the evil blue smoke spreading everywhere, and the taboo arm that swelled sharply in front of Mo Tianxing, Xiao Yan's eyes became like, the fighting energy in his body was squirming like a tide, and his hands were also in Mo Tianxing. Under the astonished eyes, they slowly closed, and even kept changing.

"This is……"

"Impossible!" After a short while Mo Tianxing also noticed Xiao Yan's behavior, and immediately his pupils shrank, an extremely terrifying wave slowly descended from Xiao Yan.

"Weng buzzing!" After a while, the insignificant energy of heaven and earth in this Demon Suppression Prison suddenly became quiet, and then flew away towards Xiao Yan like a burst of stars.

"What the **** is this guy doing?" Seeing this, the powerhouses of the Soul Beast Alliance and the Thousand Puppet Ghost Sect couldn't help but jump, because they also found out that the energy of the heavens and the earth in this Demon Suppression Prison. All of them roared towards Xiao Yan's side.

"To make a fool of yourself!"

"Xiao Yan child, give me death!"

"Forbidden arm, burst!" After a few breaths, Mo Tianxing's eyes shrank tightly, and then the forbidden arm in his hand, like a fireworks, spread out completely with himself as the center. At that time, a trace of evil that destroyed everything The ripples suddenly filled the air, and the creatures affected by the ripples, even the evil things in the Demon Suppression Prison, disappeared in an instant.

"Heaven... King Seal!" Seeing Mo Tianxing's terrifying offensive, Xiao Yan did not have any fear, the handprints changed rapidly, and in a short moment, a huge energy handprint containing a supreme aura was instantly displayed by him, and On this hundred-zhang energy handprint, countless mysterious light patterns emerged, and with the blessing of these light patterns, the evil ripples turned out to be extremely frightening!

"Boom!" The seal of the heavenly king and the evil energy ripples collided with each other, and there was no such thing as an evenness as everyone imagined, but the evil ripples were actually under Xiao Yan's seal of the heavenly king, and there was no extra resistance. It was a rapid rout.

It was only at this point that Mo Tianxing's face began to look hideous: "The Seal of the Heavenly King... Good you **** Heavenly King Zang!"