Chapter Vol 4 2092: Refining begins, Heavenly Soul Transforming Marrow Pill!

"Zizzizi!" The eighth peak, after killing Yan Xuan, Ba Xia Soul Shadow dismissed, Xiao Yan also fell directly here, and there was not much fighting energy left in his body. Therefore, he could only rely on Fen Jue to absorb the meager energy of heaven and earth in the mountains to restore his fighting spirit, but after being disturbed by the forbidden technique, the energy of heaven and earth here became extremely thin.

"Good guy, the combat power is so abnormal..."

"Is this still a pharmacist? Even some fighters may not be so fierce."

"This time the medicine clan festival is really a ghost."

Whispers emerged one after another, but they couldn't care less about Xiao Yan, and the flame pills in their hands became brighter and brighter, and there were vague signs of fusion. The confrontation, actually several days have passed.

"Xiao Yan, hurry up and start refining medicine pills after you recover your fighting spirit, otherwise you will fail..." In the distance, at the fourth peak, a hurried voice came from Lingzixi, both relieved and worried.

"Xiao Yan, there's not much time left for you." For a while, Hunmu Yaoyichen and others also voiced their voices one after another, but although they were surprised by Xiao Yan's fighting power, the voice transmission was full of gloating. the taste of.

Xiao Yan's fighting strength is amazing, which is something they can't compete against at all, but this is the last stage of the competition of the medicine clan festival, the ratio of medicinal pills, because of Xiao Yan's appearance, they have enough confidence to defeat Xiao Yan, after all, Juling Peak However, it has its unique function, and Xiao Yan was much later than them and wasted a lot of time.

"Juling Peak, is there anything hidden..."

"Forget it, recover 10% of your strength, let's start refining the medicinal herbs first. After all, the first step to refine the medicinal materials does not require a lot of fighting qi, so let's restore the fighting qi power while refining the first step." Thinking of it, Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and after taking care of the place a little, he also took out the medicinal materials and prescriptions, and prepared to start refining the medicinal pills.

"Fire!"

"Rising Ding!"

"Medicine, give it to me!"

"Let's divide it into six groups." Xiao Yan murmured, and immediately in front of the fire cauldron condensed by amber holy flames, raging fire roared, and hundreds of medicinal materials were divided into six groups, except for one group that was used for neutralizing medicinal materials. The other five regiments are the core medicinal materials of the medicinal pills, which can only be refined one by one. Inside the medicinal cauldron, the medicinal materials are wrapped by the holy flame and burn slowly and violently. However, the refining time for medicinal medicinal materials of this level may not be long. short.

The soul power is divided into six strands, which seems to be the current limit of Xiao Yan. He gently wiped the sweat from his forehead, but Xiao Yan's eyes were attracted by the prescription in front of him.

I remember that when I just got the prescription, there was no medicine pill name and specific introduction on the medicine prescription. It seemed that it would only appear after the medicinal materials were collected. It appeared in Xiao Yan's line of sight. These traces were not there before, and Xiao Yan did not know why they appeared at this time.

"The eighth-grade Xuan-grade elixir of the Holy Order: Heavenly Soul Transformation Pill."

"Effect introduction, as big as the innate supernatural beings in the vast world, as small as the human beings, the body may acquire some mysterious inheritance or strange power of unknown origin, blood aura, etc. for various reasons. The effect is to make the connection between the two more compatible, shorten the time of inheritance and perception, so as to better control those powers that do not belong to him." Xiao Yan took a closer look, but found that there are so many words, but from the Judging from these traces, Xiao Yan actually had a long-lost depression.

"That's not quite right. If this medicine is true, why does one of the core medicines need the blood of snake monsters to shake it? Isn't this inconsistent?"

"Nether Snake Swallows Heavenly Grass, this medicinal material has a fatal attraction to snake beasts. What's going on?" Xiao Yan shook his head, then flipped the prescription with his palm, trying to find out what was wrong.

"Note: This prescription has been improved by this seat, and can only be used for the monsters and snakes. Humans or other monsters must not take it, otherwise the body and spirit will be destroyed. Remember to remember."

"Demon World, Heavenly Venerate the Snake." After Xiao Yan searched, he saw these few words on the edge of the prescription, but these few lines seemed to contain some kind of mysterious magic power. Xiao Yan just discovered that a Worrying awe-inspiring oppression emerged.

"Demon Realm Nether Snake Heavenly Venerate, what a weird name?"

"Cai Lin seems to have mentioned it to me. Because of the ten-color swallowing python bloodline in her body, I am afraid that she will need to go to the center of the demon world in the future. This medicine is more suitable for her, hehe." Xiao Yan grinned and said with one heart Feeling a lot of things about the medicine pill, but he completely forgot the name of the snake.

Heavenly Venerate Snake, with such a domineering name, I am afraid it will not be a simple character, but since it is related to snakes, I am afraid that there should be some connection with the ten-colored swallowing python on Cailin.

"Boom." Xiao Yan didn't think about other things for the time being, and concentrated on catalyzing the holy flame to refine the medicinal materials, but he vaguely noticed that it seemed that there were ten spirit gathering peaks, in addition to himself, the other nine peaks have gathered countless profound The energy of heaven and earth, but the eighth peak of himself is poor and pitiful, I don't know if it is a coincidence or something else.

"Is there any connection between this?" Xiao Yan wondered, it seemed that Juling Peak was a little weird, but since refining holy medicine pills is by no means a child's play, Xiao Yan didn't dare to be distracted, and could only recover. Dou Qi, while concentrating on refining the medicinal materials.

Little Yan didn't know that the role of Juling Peak was to gather the energy of heaven and earth to pave the way for refining high-level medicinal pills. Unfortunately, the Eighth Peak was completely destroyed by their attack just now, so it was impossible to gather energy from heaven and earth.

However, the energy required by the Immortal Rank 7-Rank medicinal herbs is definitely not enough, not to mention the energy required by the Holy Rank Medicinal Medicine is an astronomical figure.

"Xiao Yan, this idiot, this time the mainland's No. 1 pharmacist is probably us." At the first peak, Yao Yichen noticed the thin energy of heaven and earth on the eighth peak, and couldn't help saying.

"But I have to say that this guy's combat power has surpassed some of the younger elders in the clan."

"Brother, you'd better be careful." Yao Yichen and Yao Yixuan had a conversation. The two of them occupied the first peak, and it was only here that they could refine medicinal pills at the same time.

"Don't worry, the elixir at the peak of the seventh-grade immortal rank, coupled with the majestic energy of heaven and earth around it, I have the confidence to refine the most perfect elixir under the holy rank, which will be enough to overwhelm the heroes."

"Although Xiao Yan's fighting strength is strong, he wants to compare with me in refining medicine pills, and he is a little worse in heat. In addition, fighting with Yanxuan consumed ten days of his time and vindictiveness. The most important thing is He wasted the preciousness of Juling Peak in vain, without the help of the energy of heaven and earth, even the patriarch of our clan would not be able to refine the holy pill."

"Hahaha." Yao Yichen said with a smile, the competitive spirit in his eyes was stronger than ever before!

Once he wins the first place, then all the resources in the clan will favor him, and it will be much easier to catch up with Xiao Yan. Otherwise, Xiao Yan’s performance in this grand ceremony is enough to make them the proud son of the ancient race. All dimmed.

Not to mention that in the end, Xiao Yan used a very strange method of physical cultivation to kill Yan Xuan who had used a semi-forbidden technique. That shock and depression greatly increased the pressure on the thousands of alchemists present. This kind of terrifying power, they might not be much better in exchange, so the word Xiao Yan has left an indelible impression in their hearts.

They just want to work hard to get first, and then prove themselves with Xiao Yan!

full book