Chapter 184: Infernal corpse!

Xiao Yan's small team of three had just entered the entrance of the Infernal Corpse Forest. The dark passage seemed to be connected to the interior of the Infernal Corpse Forest. The eerie and eerie aura coming from the passage filled the air, but with Xiao Yan The strength of the three, this breath is also harmless.

Then Xiao Yan carefully looked at the passage of the Infernal Corpse Forest. This passage was very strange. The stones protruding from all around were like the mouths of a hungry wolf.

The towering boulders on both sides of the passage are like those ferocious fangs, which seem to be eating and eating people, which is very terrifying.

At the same time, Xiao Yan also noticed that at the forest entrance they had just entered, a strange formation was set up by a certain almighty. It was very mysterious and implied both yin and yang. It will be melted. It seems that this formation is extremely dangerous, and ordinary people can't get in, only through this entrance.

However, Xiao Yan was also secretly amazed, this almighty who arranged the strange formation should also be a fighting formation master!

Just relying on this slight sense, Xiao Yan knows that this great master can at least condense tens of thousands of core inscriptions!

They couldn't help but be amazed, and then the three of them also proceeded along the passage, and soon reached a fork.

Xiao Yan took a closer look. This side can be regarded as the inside of the Infernal Corpse Forest. There are four forks in front of him. Among them, the second one on the left has an obvious footprint on the ground. Obviously, someone else entered before Xiao Yan and the others. .

"Huh?" Yueru also found the footprints and pondered.

This Infernal Corpse Forest is not only the people from their stronghold in Hongshan, but all the people from the stronghold are gathered here, so it is not surprising that some people come first.

"This footprint should have been deliberately left by someone, so as to tell the people who follow that it is the one he took." Xiao Yan paused quietly and chose the one on the far right. He wanted to stay away from the person who left the footprints. One point, after all, it is not Xiao Yan's style to be dead at the beginning.

Mu Feng and Yueru also followed Xiao Yan's pace.

The three walked forward for a while, and their vision gradually broadened.

Impressively, the original face of the Yin Corpse Forest was revealed.

The gloomy wind was blowing, and there was no sunlight all day long, and there was only a gray brightness.

Everyone stood up unconsciously, but also moved forward slowly.

Just after leaving the passage of the Infernal Corpse Forest and entering the first floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest, the three of them appeared in a forest. The forest was not big, and there was a small path in the middle. Then the three of them saw that the flowers and plants on both sides of the path in the forest were lush and beautiful. , I can't see it at all, this is what was left after the battle between Xuan Santian and the ghost world.

Xiao Yan said to himself, "Perhaps this Infernal Corpse Forest is also a treasured place with beautiful mountains, spirits and rivers. Otherwise, why would there be monsters and monsters gathering together?"

Yueru also relaxed when she saw these beautiful flowers. After all, there is no girl who doesn't love beauty or flowers.

Mu Feng also looked at the beautiful flowers around and said, "I sensed that there is a strong aura around here, and I don't know where it is sacred, so we should be careful."

"Our current position should be on the periphery of the first floor of the Infernal Corps. It stands to reason that we will not encounter particularly powerful existences."

"Yeah." Xiao Yan and Yueru replied softly when they heard the words.

The three slowly had it, and within a quarter of an hour, the forest was actually brought to an end by them!

A cave appeared in front of the three of them.

Looking at the cave in front of him, Xiao Yan's first impression was that there was a ghost in the sky and it was very evil.

The hole is very deep, but in Xiao Yan's mind, the scene in the hole has clearly appeared. It's a pity that it was only the first section, and when it came to the latter section, the ghost energy was too heavy, blocking Xiao Yan's perception, and seemed to be interfering with Xiao Yan's perception of soul power.

Since the soul power has been upgraded to the emperor realm, Xiao Yan has also discovered that in addition to performing soul attacks, this soul power can also use it to probe some mysterious places.

"Do you want to go in?" Yueru also said with a bit of her lips. She also felt some breath from the hole, so she said solemnly.

After all, Yueru was not the same as Xiao Yan. She experienced life-and-death battles outside all year round, and she couldn't help but feel a little timid in the face of such unknown things.

"Don't worry." Xiao Yan also gently patted Yueru's back.

"Yeah." Only then did Yueru feel relieved, and she didn't know when, as long as Xiao Yan was by her side, nothing seemed impossible.

Mu Feng is also quite helpless about this, the relationship between the two is really...

Then Mu Feng also didn't want to make a light bulb outside the cave, so he got up and walked slowly into the cave. He was surprised to find that there were some strange things in the cave.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan and Yueru followed suit. After all, they were a team.

As soon as they entered the cave, the dim light became even weaker, but fortunately, Xiao Yan summoned a different fire to illuminate, and several people were also slowly advancing.

Xiao Yan carefully checked the surroundings of the cave.

Mu Feng played the forward, Yueru was in the middle, and Xiao Yan himself was in charge of the break.

The three slowly walked into the cave.

At this time, Xiao Yan's huge soul power was carefully probing the depths of the cave, that was very strong ghost energy.

Xiao Yan released a huge amount of soul power to explore the depths of the cave, and found that there seemed to be nothing else in the cave, except that there seemed to be creatures in the depths, but it felt too vague.

"Wait a minute!" Mu Feng in front also said.

"Huh? What's wrong?" Xiao Yan also said, there was a strange fire lighting, but he didn't see anything abnormal.

"Look at what that is!" Mu Feng also pointed lightly with his finger.

The two looked in the direction Mu Feng pointed, and found a wisp of flames hanging in the air!

The flames are blue!

Burning slowly in mid-air.

"Huh?" The first thing Xiao Yan saw when he saw the flame was that the flame had no trace of temperature at all, as if it was just a decoration.

Just when Xiao Yan was depressed, the flame suddenly increased its speed and rushed towards them!

"Not good, be careful!" Xiao Yan was also quick-witted, pulling Yue Ru with one hand, and then his fighting qi formed a light shield protective film in front of his body!

On the other side, in the stone room, at the cold pool.

"Let's go first, this time we will wipe out these human beings, it's a shame!" There was also a voice in the cold pool.

"What about these two?" Youquan also said.

"I will also swallow these two. After swallowing, my strength should be able to recover a lot..."

"However, if you want to recover all your strength, you still need the other half in the Yin Corpse Forest. After all, we are twins..." The gloomy aura in the cold pool also appeared.

"All the subordinates here have left, so let's go to the Infernal Corpse Forest to plan first, and wait until the adults devour these two and come here."

"When the time comes, we will wipe out these people!" Qi Mei also laughed.

"Well." There was also a voice in the cold pool.

"Let's go." After saying that, Youquan and Qi Mei also turned into a puff of black smoke and left.

The entire stone room also returned to calm.

The bubbles in the cold pond continued to rise, but a gloomy voice in the cold pond also echoed in the stone chamber: "The human powerhouses of the Five-Star Doudi and the Six-Star Doudi are really delicious!"

After speaking, he is calming down. As long as the blood red in the pool subsides, it will be the time to devour the two of them.

At this time, in front of Han Chi, Hu Du and Wu Jiang also had a strange smile on their mouths and then disappeared in a flash.

It's a bit busy these days, and the update is estimated to be in the afternoon and evening every day. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: