Chapter Vol 4 2009: The 8th and 9th Xuanzhong Mingyan of Shengyan!

"Weng buzzing!" The huge pressure made Xiao Yan and the three of them struggle. The rocks under their feet swayed step by step, but in exchange they moved forward a little bit. Even though the distance was only 100 meters, the movement speed of the three of them was as slow as a snail. , not to mention the strange aura in the coffins on the surrounding mountains, which seemed to be resisting Xiao Yan and the others, causing them to be attacked from front and back.

"Xun'er's breath is getting closer..." Seeing that the distance to the top of the mountain is only a hundred meters away, the Soul Jade in Xiao Yan's hand also exudes a gentle temperature, which is obviously very close to Xun'er's hiding place. At that time, Xiao Yan would not care how scarred his body was and how great the pressure was. Under these pressures, he gritted his teeth and walked step by step. Even Xiao Yan didn't feel any burden for this, and a sense of relief and guilt lingered in his heart. .

It has been decades since the Five Emperors broke the sky. In these decades, in order to find and explore the secrets of the Xiao clan, and also to improve their strength, they have been walking in various venues to improve their strength, but Xun'er was the last to find them. Undoubtedly, Xiao Yan felt quite self-blame in his heart.

Xiao Yan is well aware of Xun'er's indifferent character, but for those who are not familiar with life, Xiao Yan is inevitably worried that Xun'er will be bullied, and he is not by her side...

The top of the towering mountain range in this holy land is completely covered by layers of mist. Whether it is using soul power or other powers, it cannot be sensed at all. The golden giant cocoon can also faintly see traces, which is quite strange.

"Don't blame yourself, you've done a great job."

"Xun'er won't blame you. I remember she said that she doesn't want to lose to anyone...because she also wants to accompany you to the peak and see the other scenery." Gu Yuan was keenly aware of Xiao Yan's behavior. Feeling hurt, he put a hand on Xiao Yan's shoulder, and immediately laughed, telling Xun'er's little secret hidden in his heart.

"Well, dad, let's go together." Xiao Yan heard the words and his body suddenly shook. Obviously, these words came out of Gu Yuan's mouth and were quite shocking. He could clearly know that the innocent girl in the past, I am afraid that these years It is also extremely difficult.

But in the future, all the rest will be taken up by oneself.

"Boom!" A loud sound of energy repelled and pushed Xiao Yan's body away, seemingly intentionally preventing them from entering the space at the top of the Holy Land.

"The ban on this holy place is too tyrannical, and there seems to be something in the top of the mountain, which makes me uneasy." Zai Du forcefully gritted his teeth and prepared to break through, but Xiao Yan was directly bounced by a layer of invisible energy ripples, and he endured it. He couldn't help getting up and was halfway up the mountain, facing the two.

"There's no other way." Peerless Heavenly Emperor and Gu Yuan also shot backwards in a rather embarrassed way like Xiao Yan.

"what on earth is it?"

"That lord didn't tell me that there is a holy flame in the Holy Land... What's the situation now?" Seeing Xiao Yan and the others frowning, Snake and Scorpion Blood was slowly watching the misty mountain top. , wondered.

"Weng buzzing!" After the blink of an eye, the body of the snake and scorpion blood trembled abruptly, and a fear from the depths of the soul was released uncontrollably!

"Holy Flame?"

"Ancient ancestors?" The snake and scorpion Xue'er had ten thousand doubts in her heart, but there was something in the Holy Land that made the capital of the three giants fear. In addition, she was seriously injured, and her momentum was weakened for a while.

But the fluctuation just now was clearly the exclusive aura of Sheng Yan, but that kind of power was countless times more tyrannical than the fire of Sheng Yan on Xiao Yan!

If the now seriously injured self confronted head-on, I am afraid that the body and spirit would be destroyed in an instant!

"Senior, is there any way to jump over these restrictions and go directly to the top of the mountain?" After some conversation, Xiao Yan also hurriedly asked, this kind of thing makes Xiao Yan have no way, but the destination is ahead, giving up is not natural. Xiao Yan's style.

The soul power of Soul Jade has completely locked on the top of the mountain, and Xun'er is in the top of the mountain, which makes Xiao Yan quite eager.

"do not know."

"In the past, the Holy Land was peaceful, but it has never been as severe as it is now. This kind of restriction is probably caused by the Holy Land feeling the evil aura of the outside world, and thus exerting itself. It is impossible to crack it with our strength." Peerless Heavenly Emperor shook his head and said, Holy Land The tyrannical, let alone Eight Star Fighting Immortals, even some ordinary reincarnation powerhouses are helpless, let alone a few of them.

"And the coffins in these mountains, I remember that they are all the corpses of some fallen powerhouses of the ancient clan. They contain unparalleled power. Why have they all disappeared now?" Gu Yuan's eyes flickered and he wondered.

"Senior, I used the aura of the Holy Flame as an introduction. I don't know if this is possible?"

Since there is the existence of holy flames in this holy land, I am afraid that with holy flames as a guide, I am afraid that it will be enough to respond, and all problems will be solved by then!

"As of now, I can only try." Peerless Heavenly Emperor and Gu Yuan looked at each other and agreed.

"Stay back a little bit." Xiao Yan finished speaking, and the bright amber flames around his body slowly rose.

"Weng buzzing!" Just as the holy flames rose from Xiao Yan's body, the golden giant cocoon in the mountain range suddenly produced a series of tremors, followed by streaks of golden light, like bright beams piercing the night, and after a while It turned into raindrops and generally spread everywhere.

"This is... the energy aura of the ancient ancestors?"

"impossible?"

"Could it be that this girl has been recognized by countless ancestors?"

"But no one has ever been able to..." Seeing the golden raindrops drifting around and the thick heat waves swept out, the Peerless Heavenly Emperor couldn't help but lose his voice, and an awe-inspiring aura filled his heart.

"Weng buzzing!" At the same time, the burning determination in Xiao Yan's body, the holy flame crystal, including the amber rock soul fire, etc., immediately trembled, and an aura of obedience was released from it.

"Pfft!" With a sound, a golden scorching sun descended slowly like a god's mansion in the sky, and the endless splendor showed the supreme glory, decorating the entire holy place like a temple.

Golden scorching sun, golden light, golden flame, and looking down from the three, a lonely figure sitting slightly in the middle, lightly entrenched, a light breath spreads out, a circle of golden black and golden pattern slightly on the center of his eyebrows. Flickering, extraordinarily mysterious.

“Shabu Shabu!”

"Impossible!" At this moment, the eyes of the snake and scorpion blood suddenly tightened, and a fear from the bottom of the heart was displayed from head to toe, and the cold breath of death really moved her!

"Gollum."

"This is... the supreme holy flame ranked eighth on the holy flame list." There was a rare dizziness and a touch of consternation in Xiao Yan's mind.

Isn't the beautiful figure sitting quietly in front of him the same Xun'er he was thinking about at night?

Chapter List