Chapter 573: The promised deal, holy flame!

"And the Tianmuyu clan was originally one of the few powerful races in this Xuantian. When I went out to practice, I was fortunate to befriend Yuxuan, the patriarch of the Tianmuyu, so I encountered an attack from a foreign evil clan in our desert mountain range. At that time, I immediately sealed the entire desert mountain range."

"At the same time, send a signal to give Yuxuan coordinates."

"Yu Xuan disregarded the opposition of the clan, and brought nearly 80% of the entire race's combat power to my desert mountain range to fight against the enemy together."

"That battle can be described as heavy damage."

"And your Tianmuyu clan, because Yuxuan took away almost all the combat power, the Gorefiends took advantage of the emptiness and completely wiped out your Tianmuyu clan." Immortal Master Kuangmu said here, his eyes filled with guilt. Looking at Shanyao.

"And I, coupled with the power of the holy flame, Yu Xuan and Yan, the nine-star fighting emperors, barely reached the attack of the strongest among the Gorefiends."

"But we found that even if it is Shengyan, it is not an easy task to completely eliminate the foreign evil race, so we had no choice but to seal it, so now in this desert mountain range, there are three most powerful ones. The powerhouse of the extraterritorial evil race Gorefiend!"

"And I don't know why, Yu Xuan and I both know that the attack of the Gorefiends must have something to do with the Xuanling Royal Family!" Immortal Master Madwood said solemnly.

"So...is that so?" Shanyao had some vague guesses in her heart, but now that she thought of what Immortal Master Kuangmu said, she immediately lowered her voice.

"Damn human!" Gorefiend Zuowei said gloomily, his eyes slowly staring at Shanyao and the others!

His current strength is not even a human fighting immortal. At most, he is at the peak of Dou Di. Therefore, if he is to deal with this Mad Wood Immortal Master and Yan, his terrifying power is not enough, so he can only think of other ways.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"These two women should have a good relationship with Immortal Master Crazy Wood. Maybe you can use these two to help me get out of here." The Gorefiend Left Guard spoke slowly, but his voice was extraordinarily strange!

"Snake Punishment, protect them!" Xiao Yan said suddenly, obviously the huge soul force instantly sensed the intention of the Gorefiend Left Guard!

"what……"

"Emperor's realm-level small perfection's soul power... the smell of soul liquid." The next moment, Immortal Master Kuangmu looked away from the two of Shanling and came to Xiao Yan!

"I need your help!" As if after thinking about it, Kuang Mu Xianlan spoke slowly.

Immortal Master Kuangmu was quite happy. Since his daughter and the last little princess of the Tianmuyu clan were all right, the top priority now is to kill the Gorefiend Left Guard.

Otherwise, once the Gorefiend Left Guard is allowed to escape, it may cause extremely terrifying troubles and disasters, and Kuangmu Xianlan has a hunch, as if this Gorefiend Left Guard has always wanted to do something.

"Why did you say this, senior?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words. He was only a human in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor. How could he possibly help this Dou Emperor fight at the peak level.

"You may not be able to, but the ruler behind you and the power of flame on you are enough." Immortal Master Madwood said slightly.

"Senior, this is an evil clan from outside the realm, so he looks down on me too much..." Xiao Yan's heart was suddenly shocked!

"Susu!"

"Yan, your strength seems to be slowly depleting..." The Gorefiend Left Guard said with a grim expression. Just now during the conversation between Immortal Master Madwood and Shan Ling, the Gorefiend Left Guard and Yan kept breaking out. There was an extremely terrifying battle, so the aura on both of them was slightly weaker!

"You can't get any better!" Yan's breath did not diminish, and he was still strong. The power of the khaki holy flame all over his body was burning the space faintly, making the blood-red blood-red blood of the blood-fiend Zuowei become thinner. stand up.

"Boy, follow me to slaughter the extraterrestrial evil race!"

"After the completion of the matter, Sheng Yan handed over to him!" Immortal Master Crazy Wood said slowly.

"Senior, the extraterritorial evil clan is the public enemy of our vast world. To deal with the extraterritorial evil clan, I, Xiao Yan, would like to do my best!" Xiao Yan's mouth cracked with a strange smile, and then said.

"It's really cunning, but Yan's power is almost at its limit. It's time to give Shengyan a new owner."

"Don't worry, as long as this Gorefiend Left Guard falls, Saint Flame will definitely give in!" Immortal Master Madwood said.

"Since this is the case, it's better for the younger generation to be respectful than to obey." Xiao Yan exuded an extremely hot power of fire!

The flame figure slowly radiated from Xiao Yan's body, and then the strange fire eternal ancient ruler behind him, the whole body was green, and the strange fire of as many as twenty-three colors suddenly shot out!

"What kind of flame is this?" A hint of doubt suddenly appeared on the distorted face of the Gorefiend Zuowei, because even from his terrifying strength, Xiao Yan felt a vague sense of unease in this flame.

"This flame is really extraordinary. Compared to Sheng Yan, it's not too much, but it seems to have lost some soul." Immortal Master Madwood stared at Xiao Yan's dazzling flame and said.

At the same time, on the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind Xiao Yan, Long Yi's huge fiery red dragon figure also burst out!

"Artifact Spirit?" Seeing this, the left guard of the Gorefiend suddenly had a very greedy aura!

This artifact spirit is also the body of the soul. If you can devour this artifact spirit, then Gorefiend Left Guard will be able to recover to its peak strength!

"There are quite a few secrets in this kid... But although this artifact spirit is powerful, there are actually as many as twenty-three kinds of attributes of that flame. Could it be because of the cultivation technique..." Immortal Master Madwood slowed down. He spoke slowly, and his voice was extremely puzzled, because even with the strength of the Crazy Wood Immortal Master, he had never heard of the existence of some such exercises!

"Shan Ling, I don't have much time left for my soul power. In order to completely obliterate this Gorefiend Left Guard, we have to terminate our conversation. If you have any questions, go down and ask Yan directly After Immortal Master Mad Wood finished speaking, there was a flash of determination in his eyes, because he knew that if he wanted to completely obliterate this alien race, he would probably make his last trace of soul power completely dissipate!

But as the lord of the desert mountain range, he has nothing to do!

"Don't worry... Father." Seeing this, Shanyao finally spoke.

"Hahaha!" Upon hearing this, Immortal Master Madwood burst out laughing and then walked away!

"Kill!" I didn't have time to think about it, I was racing against time to kill this Gorefiend Left Guard!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying blood demon qi burst out in an instant. Obviously, the blood demon left guard also discovered that although Xiao Yan was only a mere five-star Dou Emperor early stage, the power on his body was very strange, and he had to be careful immediately. stand up!

"Rock!"

"Suppression!" Kuangmu Xianlan closed her eyes, opened her pupils the next moment, and an aura that was feared by the world suddenly erupted from her brows!

"Okay!" Yan Wenyan said, a small khaki-yellow holy flame slowly appeared on top of the huge body.

The power of the khaki holy flame was covered by a layer of rock-like things, and then a powerful aura that killed all evil instantly appeared!

"Damn bastard... Are you going to go all out?" The blood-red blood demonic energy of the Gorefiend Left Guard was already shaking violently, as if something terrifying was brewing!

As for Immortal Master Crazy Wood, he mobilized all the soul powers belonging to his fairyland level, slowly condensing the blow of the strongest!

Ask for tickets!