Chapter Vol 4 1913: Solve the troubles!

The latest website: "The five-color Buddha is angry, and the ghosts and gods are executed!"

"Let's end like this." As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan forcibly used the last bit of strength in his body to gently throw the five-color lotus seeds in his hand at the 100,000 monster army below.

At this moment, the sky and the earth changed color, and countless space cracks emerged from the battlefield. The abyss of cracks with a size of thousands of meters also rose from the ground. It seemed that the terrifying destructive power and energy contained in the five-color lotus seeds, It has exceeded the limit that this battlefield can accommodate.

"Weng buzzing!" After using up the last bit of strength, Xiao Yan's body quickly fell from the sky. In an instant, the lines on Xiao Yan's forehead flickered, as if some mysterious power was activated at this moment. , emitting a milky white halo, completely wrapping Xiao Yan, at the same time, the demon cube in Xiao Yan's body emerged uncontrollably, quietly suspended in the sky, and greedily emitted countless evil auras, as if waiting what.

"not good!"

"Defend me!"

"Join us!" The five-color lotus seeds gently instigated, and every movement would spread out a five-color arc of fire. That kind of five-color arc of fire, even the monster handsome who was as strong as the two eight-star fighting immortals in the initial stage, was palpitated and roared immediately. .

"This attack... is unmatched." Seeing such a terrifying scene, Shi Hie's eyes flickered with anger.

The scorching five-color arc of fire, with its sacred and terrifying power, slid down from the void in the sky, causing the entire void to be filled with a strong sense of unease, so that the chests of countless monsters below seemed to be burned by it. generally.

"I regret it..." At this moment, Charming Yaoyaoshuaiyanran's body kept shaking, like a weak and weak woman, looking at the five-colored lotus seeds in panic.

"There is no word regret in the world... If that's the case, let's fight like crazy!"

"Our soldiers and soldiers, never die!"

"Kill!" Shi Xie was not a soft-hearted person either, he snorted coldly, and the 100,000 monster army below turned into a green demonic energy, which swept away directly towards the five-colored lotus seeds above the sky, that kind of moth. The fire-fighting terrifying situation caused a chill in the hearts of the thousand elites behind Xiao Yan.

"Brothers, Lord Xiao Yan has fallen into a situation of life and death for us several times, and now..."

"Kill me!" After the blink of an eye, a thousand elites with scars and scarlet eyes suddenly wrapped around the army in front of them with the last bit of strength.

It's a pity that Yinghuohui and Haoyue have a quality gap after all.

Let the enemy have a hundred thousand monster army, so what?

Headless dragons?

Under the blessing of the power of the five-color holy flame, unless there are more than five eight-star fighting immortals, there is no way to remove it!

Above the barren land below, in the void, there are countless small bodies like reptiles. They rise and fall one after another. Even if they are burnt out by the five-color fire arc, only bones or dust are left, but they continue to wriggle behind, one after another monster. One after another, they rushed towards the fire lotus!

The corpses, the white bones, the dust, and the countless fallen monster legion powerhouses were stacked together, and the horrific scene made one's scalp tingle.

And the power of the five-color fire lotus above the sky is still not weakened in any way, on the other hand, the 100,000 monster army below has lost more than one-fifth!

"Totally... bloom." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan nodded lightly, his palm suddenly grabbed in the void, as if he was grabbing something, he directly squeezed it!

"Xiao Yan, we are one of the top ten forces in the demon world. You are the power of our demon world. If you insist on doing this, you will be the eternal sinner of our demon world." At this moment, Charming Yaoyao and Shijie Yao Shuai clearly smelled a cold wave of death from the slowly beating five-color fire lotus.

"This commander is responsible for all the responsibilities, let's end it." Xiao Yan suddenly squeezed his palm as soon as he finished speaking!

"Bang bang bang!" With Xiao Yan's blow, the dark void suddenly shredded, the fire lotus suddenly shrank like a heart, and then suddenly bloomed like fireworks!

"No, no, no!" The five-color fire lotus bloomed, and the entire void shattered and shattered in an instant. Countless holy flames were vented out, and waves of hot and holy energy were scattered everywhere.

"Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu didn't give any respite to these remaining monster beast legions, with sacred fire, like the first rays of light before dawn, gently shrouded their bodies, and immediately there was no pain. , without any drastic fluctuations.

The 100,000 monster army will be destroyed in an instant!

"Boom!" In an instant, the evil Rubik's Cube, which had been quiet on the sky, roared like a ecstatic madman, and immediately took the lead in the fire of holy flame, and abruptly went to the monster army that turned into countless black smoke below. !

"Weng Om!" The space energy transformed by the reincarnation of the five-color Buddha's wrath was still slowly swallowing up and destroying the monster beast army. So surprised by the evil magic cube, the dazzling sacred fire immediately attacked the demon cube!

"..." When the fire of the five-color holy flame invaded the Devil's Cube, there was no fluctuation, and the Devil's Cube was still devouring the power of the 100,000 Monster Beast Legion below!

After the Devil's Rubik's Cube was swallowed, the breath of these monsters was dying, and after breathing, they were completely submerged in the fire of holy flame.

At this moment, the 100,000 Monster Beast Legion has been wiped out!

"Boom!" The raging fire, like a scene of flame purgatory, burned the Tianyuan battlefield spotlessly, and even some gloomy and evil breaths in the battlefield were completely submerged in the fire of holy flame.

"Huhu." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan was also slightly relieved. He knew that if these guys were not completely wiped out, they would be the ones who would perish with their elites of less than a thousand people.

The strong eat the weak is still the eternal truth.

"Huh..." When the tide of holy flame fire energy continued to spread and purify the evil atmosphere in the battlefield, Xiao Yan found that the devil cube suddenly returned to his hands.

Today's Devil's Cube has a dark lustre all over its body, and its weight has changed significantly compared to the previous one.

"Guru... Filled?" After a while, the soul force invaded it, and an extremely evil wave filled Xiao Yan's body, and Xiao Yan even discovered that the space inside the Rubik's Cube had suddenly been completely filled. !

"grown ups!"

"We won After taking a breath, looking at Xiao Yan's figure above the sky, hundreds of elites below laughed at the same time, nose sour, looking up at the thin black shirt above the sky man.

It seems that at this moment, there is nothing more gratifying than the feeling of the rest of your life.

The body of the thin black-shirted man seemed to contain enough strength to resist everything, and the remaining elite of nearly 700 people knew that if it wasn't for Xiao Yan, they would have died several times.

This guy, the well-deserved commander-in-chief of the three armies!

"Rest in place, Tianhu, take out all the things obtained from the Demon Emperor's tomb."

"After training, go straight to the final battlefield." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Yaoshuai Shengming." A mighty voice filled the place.

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.