Chapter Vol 4 857: Ten Thousand Poison Gate Calling Ancestor

"Boom boom boom!" Above the sky, the wings on the back of the Undead Nether Sparrow flickered abnormally, with a strong flame force, resisting the suppression of the Vast Sea Cover abruptly!

Undead Mingque knows that if it is suppressed by this Vast Sea Cover, I am afraid that he will be taken away by Solomon Sect Master!

Although the undead Mingque really wanted to use human means to leave the ruins, but at this time, the two extraterrestrial evil races in the deepest part of the palace have not been resolved, and they can't leave yet!

And the undead Mingque knows that the greatest treasure in this ruin is the power of its own fighting soul and the power of inheritance, so it appears here in order to attract the attention of these people, otherwise, with the current situation, The means in the hands of these people are too huge. If they go to the place of inheritance, there is no doubt that the two evil races from outside the territory will break the seal.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The two exalted foreigners broke the seal at the same time, and everyone here was terrified to be buried with them, and the inheritance of Fairy Moon might be in jeopardy.

"Let's play with them first. Yutu will take those guys into the inheritance land from a distance. I'm afraid there will be some time."

"And the two guys next to him don't seem to be simple." The immortal Mingque had an idea in his heart, and was immediately swallowed by the Vast Sea Cover!

"Ah, ah, ah!" A scream emanated from the Undying Underworld Sparrow, and then the Undying Underworld Sparrow's body was suddenly marked with the green mark of the Vast Sea Cover!

"It's done!" Sect Master Solomon was slightly surprised when he saw this. He knew that once this mark appeared, the power of the undead ghost would be bound, and I'm afraid it won't break free in a short time.

"Gollum!" With a sound, the figure of the undead ghost fell directly into the molten lava from mid-air, splashing a lot of hot lava, but the breath of the undead ghost really dropped!

"Guni, go!" Sect Master Solomon didn't hesitate. Since he took the Vast Sea Cover back into his hands, he immediately swept it towards the exit.

At the same time, the Undead Nether Sparrow that fell into the molten lava was also faintly affected by the special mark of the Vast Sea Cover, and even followed the Solomon Sect Master!

"Stop it for me!" Seeing this scene, Wang Xie immediately shouted, and then a bright red special formation slowly appeared under his feet.

The formation was circular, with a **** triangle in the circle. At this time, Wang Xie was standing in the center, and an extremely **** aura emanated from him.

"What is this guy doing?" Gunny was just about to escape here with Lord Solomon, but was shocked by this sudden scene.

However, the two also knew the importance of the fighting spirit, so they swept straight towards the exit!

"Feng!" Since the mysterious **** formation appeared under Wang Xie's feet, his aura suddenly became extremely strange.

Immediately, Wang Xie's face was sullen, and he shot a poisonous gas directly at the exit of the molten space!

The poisonous gas had just appeared, and the water surrounding the exit here was immediately blocked. Even if Sect Master Solomon faced the terrifying poisonous gas, his expression moved slightly.

"Boy, you're courting death!" The next moment, the Solomon Sect Master was furious, he didn't want to have a grudge with the Wandu Sect, but if Wang Xie did this, he couldn't blame him anymore, everything was all Wang Xie's fault!

"Take your life!" Solomon's sect master held the Vast Sea Cover in one hand, and the undead Mingque was forced to follow behind the two, and with the other hand, the terrifying power of life and death directly attacked Wang Xie.

Wang Xie is only a seven-star Dou-Emperor level powerhouse. Facing the blow of a half-immortal powerhouse, he may be able to fall on the spot!

"It's up to you!" In the next moment, Wang Xie spurted out a mouthful of blood, and then dripped onto the triangle formation under his feet!

It is strange to say that Wang Xie's blood is actually green, which makes people feel extremely cold, but the next moment, when Wang Xie's green blood soaks into the triangle formation under his feet, in that formation, suddenly A strange black layer emerged!

"Boom boom!" Lord Solomon's seemingly terrifying attack fell on the black gas of the triangle formation, and then Lord Solomon was directly shocked by the black gas a few steps back!

"This thing is weird!" Sect Master Solomon immediately felt that the triangle formation was weird, but when Sect Master Solomon saw that the palm of his hand that had just attacked Wang Xie actually burst out with an extremely cold breath, he immediately took a deep breath.

"What a violent poisonous gas!" Rao, with the strength of the Solomon sect master now, is very vigilant when facing the black poisonous gas above the triangle formation!

"It's almost time, you can't stay here for a long time, otherwise you will be obliterated by the remaining power of Fairy Moon." There was also a burst of displeasure on Solomon's cheeks. Obviously, as he stayed here longer and longer, his own The strength of the emperor is also indistinctly declining, I am afraid that after a while, the strength will be suppressed to the peak of Dou Di!

"Come out!" After a while, Wang Xie, who was wrapped in black poison, suddenly laughed strangely. His voice was extremely gloomy, echoing in the entire molten world!

"Susu!" At the next moment, in the black gas, a monster measuring about ten meters was born directly out of the sky!

Even with the help of the black poisonous gas to disguise, Gunny could find that it was a spider!

The spider has eight legs, and the feet seem to carry deadly venom, and the compound eyes are also three pairs. What is even more exaggerated is that the abdomen of this spider has a human-like face.

"This thing..."

"I didn't expect the Wandu Sect to give this thing to him. It seems that this Wang Xie's talent is higher than I thought." Although the Solomon Sect Master was very anxious, he saw that he came out from above the black poisonous poison. The face of the monster changed slightly!

"Sect Master, what is that?" Gunny also felt a lot of pressure. The monster's strength is probably about the same as his Solomon Sect Master!

Even with the help of poison gas, it will be even more powerful!

"That thing should be regarded as the origin of the Ten Thousand Poison Sect."

"The origin of the poison sect is the poisonous body of evil."

"And the origin of the Wandu Gate is a magical beast called a magic spider."

"This kind of monster is naturally addicted to poison, not poisonous, and it makes a living by devouring other poisonous monsters. It is said that the strongest eight-faced magic spider should have the level of fighting immortals." Solomon said in a deep voice, obviously this thing is extremely difficult to deal with. .

"Eight sides?" Gunny said.

"The eight sides do not refer to the face, but to the strength of the magic spider."

"Look, the place where the monster's ankle connects to the body, that is, the abdomen, does the slightly raised thing on it look like a human face?" Master Solomon said.

"Sure enough..."

"But according to what you said, the sect master, this guy is actually a seven-faced demon spider!" Gunny checked it carefully, and suddenly found that the monster hidden in the black poison actually has seven faces!

"That's right, seven-faced demon spider, this is a magical beast that is comparable to a human being at the half-immortal level..." After Solomon finished speaking, his eyes became vigilant, and he obviously noticed that guy's bad eyes!

"Seven-faced spider, give it to me!"

"Eat him!"

"They are all yours!" Wang Xie said rather gloomily, obviously using the triangle formation, changed Wang Xie's breath and even the tone of his speech!