Chapter Vol 4 2176: Yuanhai Continent, strange immortal sect!

Yuanhai Continent, located under the jurisdiction of the Great Thousand World Immortal Realm, is thousands of miles away from Dou Di Continent. Although it is not as rich and prosperous as Dou Di Continent, it is also a fertile land.

There are not too many intrigues here. Everyone is focused on cultivating immortals. The most important thing is that this place does not belong to the category of the human world, but belongs to the territory managed by the immortal world.

Among the seven realms, the competition for their respective territories is extremely fierce, and they are hostile to each other. However, these problems are naturally not difficult for Xiao Yan. Today's Xiao Yan's reputation is slowly spreading in the world, so after some dealing, Xiao Yan quietly passed Great means, came to this fast continent.

Of course, this is also due to the top powerhouses in the various realms, who are afraid of guarding against evil races outside the realm, so they neglect the management of the lower realm.

"Sisi."

"This sect is really weird, it's actually built in the center of the sea?"

Xiao Yan felt extremely depressed at this time. Now, at the reefs by the sea, looking at the gray sea in front of him, a slightly salty sea breeze and big waves slammed over.

According to Hun Tianhao's information, the core of the plane exists on this continent. Because of the sea area, Xiao Yan spent ten days to find this continent and finally settled on it.

The core of the plane is very likely to exist in this sea area, and this sea area is controlled by an immortal sect, so Xiao Yan stayed here.

"This brother."

"Seeing that your eyes are so hot, you must be someone who wants to cross the sea and join the Immortal Sect?"

Not long after, some fishing boats docked on the shore of the sea area, and among them, several enthusiastic middle-aged men came over cursingly, appearing to be approachable, and instantly became close to Xiao Yan.

In the Seven Realms, except for a few very special realms such as the ghost realm and the demon realm, the inhabitants of the other realms are basically human.

"Yes, old man, I don't know what this sea area immortal sect is..."

"Can the old man explain it to me?"

Xiao Yan nodded and made a serious inquiry.

There is no way, Xiao Yan's appearance has not changed for a long time, and now he looks like a young man in his thirties. In addition to the surging power in his body, in the eyes of these fishermen whose strength is spread all over, he has become an energetic fisherman. lad.

"To tell you the truth, the Sea Sea Immortal Sect is the strongest sect in our Yuanhai Continent. No one knows how many disciples and immortals there are in the Immortal Sect, but every time there is a disaster in the continent, there will be immortals in the Immortal Sect. defuse the disaster."

"So this sea area is respected and enshrined by countless of us."

"The reason why they set up their base camp in the center of the sea, rumor has it, is to get over the mortals who are trapped by love in the world."

"It is said that there are many human beings who have passed the examination of the Immortal Sect and joined them. They have only cultivated for a hundred years and successfully ascended to the Immortal Realm."

Speaking of the Immortal Realm, the eyes of the old fisherman couldn't help but light up, and he was extremely yearning.

"Immortal world... what is that?"

Xiao Yan was a little stunned. He had been to the Demon Realm and the Ghost Realm over the years, but these two realms were huge realms, one ruled the continent, and there were countless continents below, so his understanding of the Immortal Realm was still above the center of the Immortal Realm.

"The Immortal Realm rules very few planes, but the Immortal Realm is a land of paradise, where there are endless fairies, countless delicious wines and delicacies, and the most important thing, it is said that if you cultivate and become immortals, you can enjoy eternal life and immortality."

"The immortal world is very close to the center of the immortal world. Countless people want to step into the immortal world and covet the center of the immortal world, so as to pursue the supreme avenue of the great world."

"Immortal world is the paradise that countless human beings dream of!"

The old fisherman opened his mouth and said in admiration.

"Old man, I can't wait to hear you say that. Is anyone entering the sea now?"

"Yes, Zhang San'er, take him to your brother-in-law's ferry."

……

After some deliberation, Xiao Yan took the ferry quietly and headed for the center of the sea, but this ferry was extremely luxurious, and the ferry helmsman was extremely happy when he heard that Xiao Yan was heading to the Immortal Sect.

"Other areas of Yuanhai Continent have been carefully checked by me. According to the induction, the core of the plane is probably very likely to exist here."

"However, there is something strange in this sea area immortal sect."

Xiao Yan sat quietly in his house. For some reason, this time, the core of the plane always had an illusion that made his flesh tremble.

The deepest thing hidden deep in the body, the Fire Spirit Orb, gently released a touch of mysterious fluctuations, and circles of fire rays spread out like sparks.

For a while, the power in Xiao Yan's body quietly crawls down, the power released by the Mingming Fire Spirit Orb is not tyrannical, but it makes Xiao Yan's body tremble unconsciously, and chills appear in his heart.

"This kind of fluctuation?"

Xiao Yan was stunned for a moment. If it wasn't for the other big spirit beads, it would be a treasure of the same level!

"Wong buzzing!"

Immediately, above Xiao Yan's body, the cyan scales of Dominance burst out instantly, as if protecting Xiao Yan from the power of the Fire Spirit Orb.

"Baxia's Scale is a dragon scale related to the Baxia Dragon King. What the hell..."

Xiao Yan's eyes unconsciously showed a deep meaning, and the shock in his heart couldn't be further added!

"Looks like it's worth it this time."

There was a lingering sound, and the huge ferry sailed safely towards the center of the sea.

"Little brother, here we are."

"The Sea Immortal Sect is in front. It is rumored that there is a mysterious force isolated from the sea here, so we can't get through it."

"You can go and have a try."

The ferry captain said to Xiao Yan.

"Thank you old man."

While speaking, Xiao Yan rose into the air, his feet moved quickly on the water surface, and he dropped a heavy gold coin card, and disappeared in a flash.

"The helmsman, it's ten thousand gold coins!"

Someone checked it carefully and exclaimed in surprise.

"Haha This guy is probably also a hidden master."

The ferry rudder nodded slightly, ten thousand gold coins were not a sum for them.

……

The vast sea area stretched as far as the eye could see, and the light blue water surface was sparkling, but no matter how Xiao Yan moved, it could not enter the interior.

"Strange, it seems to be spinning around here all the time?"

Ten minutes later, Xiao Yan stopped and looked at the island that stood above the sea in the distance. The island was immortal and attractive.

"Whoa!"

Just when Xiao Yan was hesitating, bursts of dazzling waves suddenly erupted on the water surface, forming a surging giant wave that attacked Xiao Yan.

Above the huge wave, it is not like a water spray, it contains a faint trace of cyan liquid, which increases its power to the extreme.

"This is... the fluctuation of the formation?"

After a while, feeling this power, the scales above Xiao Yan's body began to flicker, and his power actually echoed slowly.

Under the echo of this power, the blue water waves shattered, and a channel paved by the blue water column connects the islands in the center of the sea.

Xiao Yan woke up, and the dragon **** in his body began to become hot.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: