Chapter Vol 4 1455: The power of the formation!

"The prismatic stone in this guy's hand seems to be a bit incredible." Huang Lei's eyes became serious, because the extreme flame power in this purgatory formation, even if it is his current level of tyranny, is still vague. Yue felt uneasy, not to mention the strange formation stone in Xiao Yan's hand, which made him feel a wave of palpitations.

"Let's do it together!" Although Mu Xi was arrogant, he didn't dare to take it lightly when he was in Xiao Yan's formation, and said with a cold snort.

"Okay." As soon as the voice fell, the two figures suddenly burst out, and bursts of bright offensive attacked Xiao Yan.

"The power of the giant elephant!" Huang Lei didn't pause, the dazzling energy spread instantly, and a phantom appeared on the surface of his body. Huang Lei was originally a practitioner of physique, but after this phantom appeared like a giant elephant, his power increased even more. up a level.

"Fighting Soul?" Xiao Yan was slightly surprised when he saw this.

"No, it's not a fighting spirit. Although this thing is somewhat similar to a fighting spirit, it is far from the fighting spirit." The next moment, Xiao Yan shook his head and said, obviously the huge soul power has given Xiao Yan. Very strong perception.

"Take it!" Huang Lei breathed heavily, and then he clenched his fist tightly. With the blessing of the giant elephant's phantom, a terrifying force that made the scalp numb unexpectedly emerged from the fist, thus directly facing Xiao. The location of the flame suddenly attacked.

"Boom!" The blow that seemed to be an understatement actually contained a powerful blow that was enough to obliterate a powerhouse of the same level. The fierce energy wind suddenly shot towards Xiao Yan.

"Let's get started!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but let out a laugh from his black robe. Therefore, the formation stone in his hand was instantly merged into the purgatory formation by Xiao Yan. The formation seemed to come alive, countless flames emerged in an instant, and even Xiao Yan's body became illusory.

"Bang bang bang!" Huang Lei's attack was certainly tyrannical, but when he approached Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan's eyes became illusory, so that dazzling attack actually penetrated easily under everyone's attention, and was caught Countless flames in the rear easily nibble away.

"How could it be possible..." Huang Lei's expression became strange when he noticed this scene. No matter what, he never imagined that Xiao Yan would be so tyrannical.

"In my formation... I am the king!" Xiao Yan's arrogant voice suddenly emerged from the formation space.

"Crash!" As Xiao Yan's voice resounded, bursts of fiery red flames suddenly gathered from all directions in the formation.

"This guy's formation is a bit tricky." Seeing this, Huang Lei couldn't help frowning.

He majored in physique, and the most tyrannical thing was power. The tyrannical power gave his attacks unimaginable destructive power. In this formation, Xiao Yan's body could be any flame, so Huang Lei's Power is also limited.

"Space bondage!" Seeing this, Mu Xi nodded slowly, and then the dazzling silver energy suddenly gathered.

Now, only if he restrains Xiao Yan and Huang Lei makes a powerful blow, can he have a chance to defeat Xiao Yan.

"Flame Flood Dragon!"

"Come out for me!" With a loud shout, a huge fire dragon nearly a hundred feet in size suddenly condensed and formed in the formation space.

"Hoohoho!" The flame dragon just appeared, and immediately pushed the flames in this formation space to a new height.

"Bound me!" At this moment, Mu Xi couldn't help drinking!

In this purgatory formation, the flames always make them have to separate a part of their minds to guard against it, otherwise once the flames spread, they will suffer serious internal injuries in their bodies.

"Dragon Breath!" Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"Hoohoho!" As Xiao Yan's voice fell, the flame dragon suddenly opened its mouth and exhaled, and groups of fiery red flames suddenly emerged from the dragon's mouth, and even this flame power was different from other powers, because this power, It is the power of the Great Heavenly Seed!

"Damn it!" Seeing this, Mu Xi immediately dissipated the dazzling power of space. He could only keep protecting himself from being affected by Xiao Yan's dazzling flame power. After all, the flame power of the Great Heaven Seed was under the blessing of the formation. , has soared to a new level.

"It's so **** unlucky..."

"Feng Ling, let's go!" Huang Lei's eyes became strange, and then he glanced at Xiao Yan who was invincible like a **** of war above.

The current Xiao Yan, relying on the number of formation patterns, is almost an invincible existence in his formation. Unless the opponent's strength is a rank higher than his own, or the fighting skills are too different, it is impossible for Xiao Yan to be Xiao Yan. Fire opponent.

"You guys!" Mu Xi's expression became even more ugly when he saw that the two around him had retreated.

Huang Lei's strength should not be underestimated, but in this formation, his strength is useless even if he is tyrannical, and once the two of them leave, his own situation is also in jeopardy.

"Weng buzzing!" Huang Lei's voice just fell, and suddenly a trace of pity flashed in Feng Ling's eyes, but the palm of his hand suddenly rolled, and a longan-sized medicinal pill appeared, suddenly squeezed, and a strange mist emerged. Therefore, the figures of the two left here in an instant.

"Next, we can settle the matter between us." Xiao Yan controlled the flame dragon, and then a strange smile appeared on the corner of his mouth, and said.

"Little bastards, don't be complacent, you Dongzhou, one day you will be completely convinced by our feet."

"Wait!" Mu Xi's eyes changed, and he said immediately.

"There will be a period later!" At the next moment, even if he was reluctant, Mu Xi turned around and left. The current self would not be Xiao Yan's opponent.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Mu Xi's figure disappeared in the formation space in an instant, but they didn't know that this was because Xiao Yan deliberately let them go in order to provoke trouble. After all, it is now on the eve of the four continents competition~www .mtlnovel.com~ Xiao Yan doesn't want to cause more troubles, otherwise once Xiao Yan decides to kill, with the power of over 30,000 core inscriptions at this time, these guys probably won't be able to get out of Xiao Yan's ten moves.

"Xiao Yan, see you in the future, I will definitely take back all the shame today!"

"And this cage was obtained by you, but without me, I am afraid that no one in this world can crack it!"

"Hahaha!" At the same time as Mu Xi left, a violent laughter also remained in the formation. Obviously, during the auction, the guy from the Zhubaohui told Mu Xi the only way to break the cage.

"If I had known, I wouldn't have let this guy go." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly. Obviously, the tyranny of this cage was far beyond Xiao Yan's imagination.

"Forget it... Let's go back first." Xiao Yan gently dissipated the formation, and then took the cage towards his residence. With his huge soul power, he avoided many dangers with ease along the way. .

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!