Chapter Vol 4 1395: 8 Immortal Fighting Fire Envoys!

"Boom!" In the sky of thousands of meters in Leicheng, the minds of the eight major forces all burst out with dignified fighting spirit, and then looked at the sinner in front of him with a solemn expression.

"Sir, the strength of these eight guys should not be underestimated, why don't we go together..." In the black mist, a strong person who sinned slowly opened his mouth.

"No, just look at it."

"It's more beautiful to destroy the beliefs in their hearts a little bit than to obliterate the enemy directly."

"Since these eight guys are Lei Cheng's last hope, then I will completely destroy it!"

"At that time, the taste of despair is the best torture!"

"Susu!" After the sinner finished speaking, the black robe above his body suddenly burst out with a dazzling evil light.

"Do it!" The eight powerhouses glanced at each other, and then the shocking fighting spirit filled the air.

"Ice and rain storm!" With a cold snort, among the eight people, the Palace Master of the Ice Soul Palace took the lead in launching an attack.

She is an ice-type powerhouse herself. Although she is a woman, with the help of the ice-type enhancement, she can greatly reduce the speed of the criminals, giving them a good chance of winning.

"Crash!" The voice of the master of the Ice Soul Hall just fell. At that time, a burst of colorless and transparent ice cubes suddenly appeared in the sky. Above these ice cubes, a terrifying force that made people feel scalp numb, suddenly filled the air. , even under the cover of countless ice cubes, the void here is imprisoned.

"Nice attack..."

"It's a pity." The sinister's face was full of jokes, and he said with a smile, with his five-star fighting spirit, the eight people in front of him, fighting alone, no one would be his opponent.

The next moment, the black robe on Sin made his body shattered instantly, revealing the same appearance as a human being.

"This guy..." Among the eight people, the others did not stop, and the dazzling offensive was brewing in their hands. Only Tan Chen, the vice president of the Alchemist Association, seemed to notice something from the sinner's smile. thing.

"Qingteng Immortal Lock!" Perceiving this scene, the pavilion master of the wooden pavilion was also the first to bear the brunt. The green wood attributes of the sky emerged, and then in front of everyone, a thousand-zhang wooden lock was formed. A strong sense of crisis made everyone's heart sink.

"Attack!" Among the eight people, only Tan Chen's soul was powerful, so he was the commander of the battle.

"Boom!" The dazzling ice cubes exploded abruptly in the void. The sound of the explosion that resounded through the heavens and the earth carried bursts of cold air, spreading the entire void, greatly reducing the speed of the sinner's movement. It is also like entering a realm of no one, suddenly whizzing away, passing through the space, all become restless.

"Nice attack..."

"But don't forget!"

"I'm the Fire Slayer!"

"Yanhua Tianli!" The sinner didn't have any fear, and even a monstrous evil aura emanated from his bewitching pupils, and then shouted at the eight people.

"Crash!" As soon as the fire sinner's voice fell, in the strange black mist around him, bursts of hot red flames suddenly appeared. The red flames were like elves, jumping for joy, and then under his control, he took himself as the center. , like a crater, a steady stream of flame power spewed wildly in all directions.

"Boom!" The flame energy that erupted like a volcano suddenly swept the entire void, and the deceleration of the vines and ice cubes was also instantly shattered.

"Fire Sinner?"

"Isn't sin always serving the evil race outside the territory, and can only use evil power..."

"How can you still use the power of fire?" Realizing that the fire crime made it easy to attack and crack them, the pressure suddenly increased.

"Although the forces in sin serve foreign evil races, in the final analysis, they are still human beings..."

"So it's not surprising to be able to use the power of flame..."

"However, I'm afraid it's a little tricky. After all, this guy is a real five-star fighting fairy..."

"Furthermore, it seems that Thunder Valley of Forged Knife has cut off all contact with the outside world. I'm afraid they are also in danger." Tan Chen narrowed his eyes slightly and said solemnly.

"If that's the case... then let's give it a shot." Hearing Tan Chen's seriousness, many other powerhouses laughed slowly.

They are all the top powerhouses in their respective forces. Now that Thunder Valley is not there, the banner naturally falls on them.

"If that's the case... then come on." After everyone finished speaking, their hearts sank slightly, and then they laughed.

After a while, a rare silver thunder was flowing slowly above the bodies of the eight people, and under the flow of the silver thunder, the power of the eight people seemed to be combined!

"Aren't you going to play anymore?" Huo Sin Envoy was surrounded by evil black mist at this time, and even a circle of flame blessings, the power on it may be enough to destroy any four-star fighting immortal powerhouse.

"Sir, be careful."

"It is said that the powerhouses above Eastern Continent know the power of combined strikes." The next moment, some voices were heard from the black fog in the sky.

"Huo Gui Shi, let's have a showdown." The eight people slowly opened their mouths and said in a majestic manner.

"If that's the case, let's have a showdown." Huo Sin Envoy also smiled slightly, out of absolute confidence in his own strength, he smiled slowly.

"Array!"

"Thousand Thunder Slaughtering Formation!" The eight people roared in unison, resounding through the sky!

"Boom!" As soon as the voice fell, a lot of fighting energy, such as red light and green light, burst into Tan Chen's body, and a golden scroll in Tan Chen's hand was reflected in the fire crime. In the pupil of the make.

The golden scroll looks extremely simple, but when it just appeared, it made Huo Sin make his pupils shrink. Of course, there is something on it that makes him so powerful!

"Leicheng's Great Defense Array?" Aware of this scene, there was a coldness on Huo Sin Shi's cheeks.

Thousand Thunder Slaughtering Spirit Formation, the power of this formation can be vividly remembered!

When Duo Tianhong dealt with the entire Burning Soul Clan by one person, the credit for this formation was indisputable. Moreover, this formation was the most powerful formation that had truly killed five-star fighting immortals.

"Boom!" After a while, the power in the seven people's bodies was slowly exhausted But the power of Tan Chen suddenly soared to the point of the early stage of Five Star Fighting Immortals, even The golden scroll formation in the palm also burst out with a burst of heart palpitations that destroy everything.

"With external force..." Huo Sin made his heart become hot, but he did not stop it, but watched quietly.

"Burst out!" Tan Chen ignored Huo Sin Shi's movements, and then his eyes became deep, containing as many as eight-color energy beams, suddenly emerged from his body, and then injected into the golden array scroll in his hand!

Although the power of this formation is tyrannical, it also has its drawbacks. The strength is less than five-star fighting immortals, and it cannot be motivated, so there is this scene.

"Hey!" After a while, golden rays of light burst out over the entire Thunder City, followed by silver thunderbolts, full of hundreds of feet in size, completely wrapping the entire sky, like a living giant net!

"It's interesting now." Feeling the power of countless silver thunders emerging around him, Huo Sin made his joking face suddenly appear solemn and said.

. Mobile version update fastest URL: