Chapter Vol 4 1648: The strong are here!

"Hehe..." Seeing Xiao Yan's complex expression, the Heishan Longlang grinned at him, and a touch of relief appeared in his heart.

Because just now, the Black Devil Dragon Wolf has thoroughly figured out the details of this guy.

According to his perception, Xiao Yan is indeed a Fen Jue cultivator, and he has two holy flames in his body, which is enough to break the seal of the Demon Emperor, and is the most important one among them.

"The conditions are matched, but this power seems to be too weak..."

"Forget it, let's go first." After speaking, the Heishan Longlang didn't care about the 3721, it was quite fiery. In the middle, a void suddenly wriggled strangely, and then a trace of the special power of the space system gathered directly in the void. First release https://https://

"Space-time wormhole?" Xiao Yan's expression suddenly shocked when he saw this.

Most of the space passages are used for short- and medium-distance movement, and the strength of the builder must be above the five-star fighting immortal. As for the time wormhole, this thing is used for long-distance space movement, and the strength of its builder , only the powerhouses above the seven-star Dou Xian can use it, and the movement of the time-space wormhole is enough to span the entire realm. It is rude to say that if the above is involved in the time wormhole, I am afraid that it will be transferred to the seven-star wormhole. elsewhere in the world.ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Although this is presumptuous, time is running out. All the little guys, I have no ill intentions towards you. I did this just for some personal matters, so I would like to ask you to cooperate with me on one thing, and I will thank you very much after it is done!"

"Let's go!" As soon as he finished speaking, the corner of Hei Sha Long Lang couldn't help laughing. With a wave of his hand, he immediately took Xiao Yan and stepped into the space wormhole!

"Bastard!" Xiao Yan felt this irresistible force, his eyes became fierce, and countless powers in his body instantly surged, and some crazy thoughts filled his mind, as if he was preparing to strike with all his might.

"Hey!" In the blink of an eye, just when the black evil dragon wolf was about to touch Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan's eyebrows and the Emperor Yan Ring in his hand seemed to be provoked, and they became restless as if they were automatically protecting their masters. Among them, an ancient aura suddenly spread.

This ancient force had no nature, but it gave the Heishan Longlang a shock.

"Crash!" With Xiao Yan's body changing so much, Heisha Longlang also stopped immediately and said calmly.

"Forget it, I'm reckless this time, let's wait for the immortal fire to end." As soon as the voice fell, the Void Domain here completely disappeared, and the Hei Fiend Dragon Wolf also disappeared, because the Hei Fiend Dragon Wolf knew that Xiao Yan had just The breath of the Xiao family is impressively the power of the Xiao clan and some mysterious power. The mysterious power, even if I have never seen it before, contains a deadly threat.

"Weng Om!" After a moment, a pair of silver eyes suddenly appeared in the field, but these beautiful eyes were filled with a majestic aura!

Eight Star Fighting Immortal!

"Long-distance space atomization, it seems that this kid is very important to Soul Eater."

"Forget it, forget it." He had already had the intention of retreating, but now that he has appeared in the beautiful eyes, the Black Devil Dragon Wolf shook his head and said.

"Kacha!" In an instant, the silver eyes that suddenly appeared disappeared along with the dark green field, but Xiao Yan knew that these beautiful eyes were the power of Hao Ni'er.

"Huhuhu." As the power figures of the two disappeared, Xiao Yan's body fell directly to the ground, gasping for breath. If it wasn't for the power of Senior Sister Hao Ni'er and himself emerging at the end, I would have been caught This guy is taken away from here, and in that case, only the fish will die and the net will be broken. After all, he has not completed the last step in the ghost world, and he will definitely not leave easily.

"Forget it, he's really an inexplicable guy, let's do business first." While speaking, he took out several medicinal pills and swallowed them directly. After barely recovering some strength, he headed towards the core of Manghuang Guiyuan.

"This little guy was indeed sheltered by a strong soul-devourer. This time, I took the liberty of taking it."

"Forget it, the Soul Eater Realm powerhouse and the Light Demon came to Li Soul Realm, and they seem to have plans. Let's wait and see."

"Xiao Yan has the protection of such power. It seems that he has to take advantage of the time when they are fighting. Instead of making it clear, so that he can follow me back to the demon world, I am afraid that it will not work." He disappeared slowly, but he did not run around, but concealed his breath and followed Xiao Yan to protect Xiao Yan.

The center of the wild ghost abyss.

This is a rather strange area, because here, all day long, it is surrounded by the roar of the dark wind, and the wailing of grief does not know where it came from, which makes one's heart chill.

"This...is the center?" After a few quarters of an hour, Xiao Yan came to the center of the Manghuang Guiyuan, and immediately stared at the beam of light located in the center, shocked.

On the endless plain, countless bones emerged, and broken weapons appeared in an endless stream, but at the center of the ground, a beam of light that penetrated the sky suddenly appeared. This beam of light was surrounded by a blood-red flame. There was a strange aura of immortality and immortality. Even after getting close to here, the immortal leaves and immortal sparrows erupted in Xiao Yan's body. If it hadn't been forcibly suppressed by Xiao Yan, they would have already broken out of his body.

"Go down and have a look!" Xiao Yan also wondered when he noticed that on some surrounding hills and rocks, countless powerhouses were vaguely hidden.

"You bastard, but we were the last to arrive." Seeing Xiao Yan just landing, a light and sweet laughter slowly appeared not far behind Xiao Yan.

"Irene?" Xiao Yan stood on the ground, first glanced at the huge pillar of light in front of him, then turned his head to look over, wondering.

"Come here..." Irene beckoned, motioning Xiao Yan to go towards them.

"It's all here." Following Xiao Yan's arrival, several people here also slowly got up.

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan just came here, inside a quite hidden rock, and asked immediately, because the few people here are impressively strong from the other six sects in the seven sects meeting They actually chose to stand still within a flat rock at this time, as if they were waiting for something.

"Now this place has been wrapped up by countless powerhouses. Among the seven of us, the most powerful are the other four courtyards." Irene continued.

"Sure enough..." Xiao Yan released the power of his soul, and suddenly felt a vague and tyrannical aura filling the whole body of the Tongtian Light Pillar.

"And the reason why they waited here is to enter the land of holy flames."

"However, this land of holy flame was discovered by the Lord of the Soul, so he imposed a seal on it. I am afraid that we need the powerhouses of our five major courtyards to arrive before we can join hands to open it." After a while, Kong An said.

"How many people came from the other four courtyards?" Xiao Yan asked.

"It seems that there are only a few people in each hospital."

"Look... they're here." While speaking, in this space, countless pairs of pupils were tightly locked on a certain void in the void above the plain, and the dazzling aura slowly emerged like stars.

"Huhu... The land of holy flame has finally arrived." A laughter emerged, and suddenly, in the void, a series of four figures emerged one after another, but after the emergence of these four figures, this wild ghost In the flat ground of Yuan, there is an extremely deadly tranquility!

Now that the powerhouses of the five major academies are here, it is imminent to open the Land of Undying Fire and Sacred Flames!

Such a precious treasure, I am afraid it will cause a real **** storm!

The real big drama will start slowly now.