Chapter Vol 4 2053: Warming up for the grand ceremony, a rare auction event...

There is still one day left before the opening of the Medicine King City auction.

Xiao Yan also successfully transformed the Dragon God into the fourth transformation. After confirming that the medicine stone and the Titan giant rock fragments were all right, he set up a few seals and barriers, and then slowly returned to his mansion. Nothing weird happened.

The Medicine Clan Festival is the prosperous age of the entire Douyun Continent. In order to show that the Medicine Clan holds the strongest alchemist in the entire Dou Di Continent, they will send out invitations every once in a while to summon heroes from all walks of life. Visiting the grand ceremony has also created a situation of overcrowding in the Yaowang City today.

Due to the overcrowded situation in Medicine King City, the top officials of the Medicine Clan decided a thousand years ago to hold an ancient auction before the ceremony of the Medicine Clan.

The items auctioned at the auction are all rare treasures from countless regions. They are only put up for auction after being identified and screened by the powerful medicine family. Each auction item has all kinds of unpredictable terrifying powers. What's more, the medicinal pills that once had the holy rank were born here and sold at auctions, so the rare auction event in Medicine King City became an appetizer before the grand ceremony, and it also became countless. The object of looting by the strong.

The Medicine Clan Festival is a tailor-made stage for pharmacists. Some heroes and heroes can only come to visit, but the auction is different. As long as you have enough financial resources, you can buy your favorite treasure. This is also every time. The reason why a medicinal clan festival can attract countless strong people to participate.

After all, the auction in Medicine King City can be called the auction with the highest gold content in the entire Douyun Continent. It is as arrogant as the pride of the ancient race of medicine clan, plus the lofty status of medicine clan alchemist, some broken copper and rotten iron , Medicine Clan naturally won't take it out for auction, so the auctions in Medicine King City must be high-quality goods.

A day passed slowly.

The night was silent, everything slowly fell into a coma, meteors flickered in the sky of Medicine King City, and the slightest cold wind was extremely cold.

"Brother Xiao Yan, the Medicine Clan guards sent someone to send the invitation and serial number for tomorrow's auction."

"We are number seventy-seven." Xun'er gently opened the door, walking lightly, holding a beautiful scroll in her hand, coming uninvited.

When I came back yesterday, in order not to disturb Xiao Yan to stabilize his Qixing Dou Xian’s perfect power, Xun’er did not disturb Xiao Yan too much. Now, as Xiao Yan’s aura has stabilized, he naturally sneaked into Xiao Yan’s house to relieve his lovesickness. suffering.

"Auction, it's really a headache." Xiao Yan got up, smiled at Xun'er, and immediately put his arms around Xun'er's waist.

"This time the auction will be auctioned on-site."

"The auction location is in the core auction pavilion of Medicine King City, and there are no private rooms along the way. It seems that all the powerhouses who participated in the auction are on the stage of the auction pavilion, and auctions are conducted by way of bidding."

"Furthermore, you must show your true face, and you must not wear any hats, robes, etc." Xun'er, like a docile bird, slowly leaned against Xiao Yan's chest and told Xiao Yan the news she had learned.

"It really is an auction method that reduces complexity to simplicity." Xiao Yan nodded as if he had thought of something.

"But brother Xiao Yan, Yaozu's actions are not afraid of revealing the identity of the bidders?"

"After all, for the sake of treasures, I'm afraid many people will do some shady deeds." Xun'er shook her little head and said quite suspiciously.

"In my opinion, this is the intention of the Yao clan, because they are demonstrating against other strong men."

"In the area of ​​their Yao clan, if they don't have the strength of reincarnation and want to do something that kills people, I am afraid that the Yao clan will kill those guys in the cradle in an instant." Xiao Yan said.

"Brother Xiao Yan is still smart." Xun'er said with longing.

"Okay, rest early and go to this rare auction tomorrow."

"..."

After a night of silence, it was the next day when the auction started.

As time passed, the much-anticipated auction in Medicine King City started slowly.

"The front is the entrance to the auction pavilion." At this time, Xiao Yan and Xun'er, dressed in casual clothes, walked through the crowded street, looking at a magnificent silver building not far away, Xun'er smiled sweetly.

However, the two of them still underestimated the attractiveness of the auction. The street here is already surrounded by water, and there are probably tens of thousands of people, but there are very few people who can successfully enter the auction pavilion.

At first glance, the auction pavilion looks like a bronze tripod, with extremely terrifying power flashing all over its body, and at the door, dozens of middle-aged men in gray clothes with the word "medicine" stand in an orderly manner, their bodies slowly overflowing. The breath is as unfathomable as the abyss, involuntarily giving the outside crowd a long-lost depression.

"Please show your admission card." A burly man said solemnly, and strictly checked the strong men who entered the auction pavilion.

"Identity confirmation, your distinguished pharmacist, please come inside." After some inspection, the guards couldn't help but respectfully said.

"Xuuuu!" Without stopping too much, the two walked straight to the interior of the auction house on the red carpet.

Today's auction pavilion obviously has only one huge auction room, and the auction pavilion is surrounded by elites from the medicine clan, and some people with bad intentions cannot break through such a terrifying defense.

After taking their breaths, a door of light appeared in front of the two of them, and they went through the door of light, and the spacious and bright auction hall just came into Xiao Yan's sight.

However, before Xiao Yan could open his eyes and look around, his eyes were filled with black heads, and one after another of powerful powerhouses, accompanied by bursts of noise, slowly resounded throughout the auction hall. .

The auction hall, the Medicine King City is quite a huge building. The entire station is like an ancient battlefield. With the auction platform at the center as the core, the surrounding is like a circular spiral staircase. From the bottom to the top there are a total of ten. Eight rows, a single row can accommodate more than 100 people, but now there are nearly 10,000 people gathered here, everyone's eyes are hot, and their voices are quite noisy discussing what rare treasures will appear in this auction.

Nearly 10,000 people competed for it, I am afraid that this auction will appear to be more tyrannical than ever before!

"Brother Xiao Yan, our position is in the front, close to the auction table." Xun'er directly took Xiao Yan's hand, walked slightly, and came directly to the second row!

The first three rows in front of the auction hall have excellent sightlines, and the gaps in the three rows are huge. One row can only accommodate dozens of people, but those who can sit in these positions are the real powerhouses of one party. Or someone with extraordinary talent. Obviously, in this auction, nearly a hundred people in the first three rows will become the core of the auction competition. Of course, some guys who pretend to be pigs and eat tigers are hidden behind the crowd. among.

At this moment, the event of the auction is slowly kicking off.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: