Chapter Vol 4 1621: The pattern of dominance, with fighting skills?

"You guy, you are too reckless." Seeing that Xiao Yan was fine, Emperor Longxue said with a false alarm.

Although he did not know the importance of Xiao Yan to the Golden Dragon King, but based on his superficial understanding of the overlords such as the Golden Dragon King, if something happened to his disciple in his own hands, I am afraid that this level of power, once angered, would be angered. In an instant, you can kill yourself with a slap.

"Thank you seniors, these are some holy flame fires. I hope that seniors return to the dragon clan and give them to my uncle." After a while, Xiao Yan spoke slowly, and a trace of khaki flames suddenly appeared in the city. , appearing directly here, these holy flames of flames are impressively indicative of Xiao Yan's current state, and once Xiao Yan has finished dealing with his own affairs, he will go to the Dragon Clan. This is obviously for his uncle. Say it in advance.

"If that's the case, then say goodbye." Looking at Xiao's scene, the Dragon Blood Emperor carefully put away the fire of the holy flame, and then his body shook, the huge dragon body was coming out, and a deep breath emerged on the body, and with a single kick It is to step through the void and stay away.

Since the dark red coffin has been broken, and the ghost qi that has finally imprisoned his power has been destroyed by Xiao Yan Shengyan, when will he not leave now?

"Uncle, I hope things in the Dragon Clan can go smoothly. After I handle my affairs, I will go to the Dragon Clan." Watching the departure of the Dragon Blood Emperor, Xiao Yan muttered to himself.

Originally, the Dragon Blood Emperor wanted to exchange the dragon blood in his body for Xiao Yan, but in the future he would be able to get some luster, but the breath of the Golden Dragon King on Xiao Yan's body was too tyrannical. Dragon's blood is also useless to Xiao Yan, so he left here as soon as possible, otherwise, once discovered by the powerhouses of Li Soul Territory, it would be a little difficult to escape.

However, with the departure of the Dragon Blood Emperor, the barren space suddenly became quiet.

"The Scales of Tyrant." In the quiet void, above the dark red coffin, Xiao Yan held the Scales of Tyrants in his hand, and the warm aura kept coming from the Scales of Tyrants, even relying on the tyrannical power of his soul, Xiao Yan could feel a destructive aura from this thumb-sized dragon scale. This is the dragon scale on the body of the Nine Great Dragon Kings, and its might can be learned from the world. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Let's do it... I have stayed here for too long, and the departure of the Dragon Blood Emperor will probably disturb the powerhouses in the Li Soul Realm. Let's absorb the dragon scales as soon as possible and enter the next floor." Seeing Xiao Yan in this state, he swallowed The Lord of Souls said.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly.

The Dragon God five transformations in his hand now, the first transformation requires dragon blood to nourish him so that he has the qualification to practice, and can increase his physical strength, making his physical strength far surpass that of his peers.

The second transformation of the Dragon God can imitate the sound of a dragon's roar to shock the enemy, or imitate the dragon body of a real dragon to deceive the enemy. This kind of cultivation is quite easy, but it is only useful for dealing with the dragon. To deal with powerhouses such as humans, it lost a lot of power.

The third change of the dragon god, the dragon arm, is mainly based on the dragon scale. It must swallow the dragon scale to absorb its pure power, and then fuse the power in the dragon scale into its own flesh and blood, so as to be able to use its own arm in a short time. Half-dragon, the arm of the half-dragon hand contains the terrifying destructive power, which is jaw-dropping, and this is also a necessary condition for the cultivation of the fifth dragon claws of the dragon god. After all, the human body is similar to the dragon clan Compared with the Big Mac, it is much weaker. Without the increase of the dragon-like arm, rashly using the dragon's claws, that kind of end is tantamount to digging one's own grave.

"Weng Om Om!" With a plan in his mind, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, sat cross-legged in the void, closed his eyes and rested his mind, the scales of the tyrant were suspended in front of him.

"What a tyrannical scale." Xiao Yan lost his voice when he looked at the extremely small scale in front of him, but contained a terrifying power that was terrifying.

"Take the dragon's blood as a guide...the blood stains the dragon scales!" In an instant, a dazzling wave slowly filled Xiao Yan's body.

The blood-red blood is extremely scarlet, and it contains the breath of some kind of ancient creature. It just emerged, and it is killing the scales of the underlord.

Dragon blood!

This thing is impressively the dragon blood that Xiao Yan absorbed when he cultivated the first transformation of the Dragon God, but this dragon blood is quite thin, not as pure as the nine dragon kings of the dragon family, but to neutralize the power of the scales , even ordinary dragon blood is enough, because the absorption of dragon scales must be led by dragon blood, otherwise it will explode and die in an instant.

"Crash!" With Xiao Yan's actions, the surrounding scales of Naba's bottom were immediately filled with dragon blood. After the breath, a burst of cyan energy radiated, and it instantly turned into a cyan river. In the middle, the dazzling energy is shocking, as if a little bit of it is contaminated, it will suddenly turn to ashes.

"Wong Buzz!"

"What is this?" Seeing that after the appearance of dragon blood, the scales of Baxia turned into a blue river, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say, because at this time, the aura of the scales of Baxia seemed to be much weaker.

"The scale of the tyrant just now is the real form, and now with the inspiration of dragon blood, it glows with its own power, similar to a kind of self-protection, only by finding its body in this river can it be smooth. Absorption, and now that there is dragon blood as a guide, as long as you find it, it is extremely convenient to devour it." The Soul Eater explained.

"Need to find it?" Xiao Yan nodded slightly when he heard the words, his dazzling soul power and eyes kept scanning the azure river.

"Here!" In just a moment, that finger-sized and prismatic scale of Dominance was completely found by Xiao Yan 咻咻! "At this time, the scale of the underlord, the blue dragon scale, but it seems to have vitality. Xiao Yan just discovered that his speed skyrocketed and tried to escape.

"Pfft!" A sound!

Xiao Yan didn't give him any chance, and Xiao Yan swallowed the blue dragon scales.

"Bang bang bang!" As soon as the scale of the underlord entered, an extremely hot breath permeated, but for Xiao Yan, a strong man who had swallowed the holy flame, it was naturally not worth mentioning.

"The third transformation of the Dragon God, let me run it!" After Shunxi, Xiao Yan slowly absorbed the scales of the underlord, and immediately the blue dragon scales were engraved on his right arm like a worm.

"Shabu Shabu!" After a short while, circles of ancient lines appeared on Xiao Yan's right arm.

"Finally successful?"

"Now your strength, coupled with the third variant of the Dragon God, also has the real power of self-preservation." The Lord of Soul Eater said with relief.

"Success...but what is this?" Xiao Yan smiled happily, but after missing it, he raised the azure dragon arm, with a faint wave, in front of the Soul Eater Lord in junior high school.

"The Pattern of Dominance?"

"How is that possible?" After seeing Xiao Yan successfully swallowing the scales of the underlord and successfully displaying the dragon arm of the Dragon God's third transformation, behind the extremely terrifying power on his arm, a trace of dark ancient lines quietly emerged .

On Xiao Yan's right arm, the cyan dragon scales are densely covered, just like the real dragon arms, but the dragon scales have traces of ancient lines all over the body to form a rather obscure giant beast appearance. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

The giant beast is like a turtle, with a round body, as indestructible as a real mountain, but with the rendering of dragon scales, it reveals a sense of oppression from the superior!