Chapter 464: 10 energy beams!

Seeing this, the nine-colored swallowing python woman suddenly felt that something was wrong!

"Don't be afraid, I won't eat you again... After so many years, I finally waited for the descendants of my Medusa family, and they still have the blood of the royal family. How could I easily let them go."

"I have a hunch that this little guy's achievements in the future will definitely not be lower than mine, so you should follow her with peace of mind." This is what the mysterious woman said to the nine-colored swallowing python.

After the mysterious woman finished speaking, she waved her hand, and an extremely bright ten-color power suddenly appeared in her hand.

"Nine-colored swallowing python, you were actually born because of the evolution of color scales. Speaking of which, you have to thank Cailin for the appearance of the nine-colored swallowing python."

"If it weren't for her, I'm afraid you wouldn't have been born in this world." The mysterious woman said slightly.

Following the mysterious woman's words, the arrogant look in the eyes of the nine-colored sky-swallowing python also became slightly silent, because she knew that she was born because of the color scales.

Slowly looking at Cailin, she had five grains in her heart.

"Cai Lin, although you have the blood of the Nine-Colored Sky-Swallowing Python, it evolved after all, so your Nine-Colored Sky-Swallowing Python is not complete in terms of blood power or power."

"Defeat me, and you will get my nine-colored sky-swallowing python's purest blood power and cultivation method!"

"As for the rumored Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, I'll tell you if you beat me!" A cold snort spread in this mysterious space, the space shook suddenly, and then a destructive wave of terror slowly emerged from the Ten-Colored Swallowing Python. The body of the python woman exudes.

At this moment, Cailin realized that the terrifying aura of the woman in front of her actually had the strength of fighting immortals.

"Fighting immortal strong..." Cai Lin looked at the terrifying woman in front of her with difficulty, and a sense of fear arose spontaneously!

"I'm coming too!" The Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python on the side said suddenly!

When Cai Lin heard this, she turned her head away, a feeling of relief spread throughout her body!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

At this moment, Cailin knew clearly that there was no estrangement between him and this Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python!

"En!" Cailin is not a hesitant either, although she doesn't know why the ten-colored sky-devouring python in front of her would let them both attack her, but from the petrified pupil of Medusa that was enough to kill Cailin just now, Cailin Lian found out...the woman transformed by the ten-colored swallowing python in front of her didn't seem to mean to hurt them.

Moreover, Cailin and the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python beside them both knew that if they were to defeat the Ten-Colored Sky-Swallowing Python with the Dou Xian level, it would be more difficult than ascending to the sky!

However, Cai Lin believed that since this mysterious woman did this, she must have her reasons, so she nodded slightly to the nine-colored swallowing python beside her without hesitation.

"Do it!" The nine-colored swallowing python turned into a human figure, and a very strange nine-color power emerged in those beautiful eyes, then his eyes sank, and he snorted coldly, and the monstrous terrifying aura spread out instantly!

The next moment, the nine-colored sky-swallowing python directly transformed into that huge ancient alien beast, the nine-colored sky-swallowing python!

The nine-colored giant snake is suspended above the void, with nine-colored snake scales all over its body. The nine-colored snake scales are extremely terrifying. The tyrannical level alone may be enough to withstand a blow from a six-star Dou Emperor powerhouse!

The dignified power of nine colors in the snake pupil slowly emerged.

As the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python turned into a prototype and its size increased, a huge force instantly overflowed from its body, and ripples like water droplets continued to spread in this mysterious space!

The Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python is entrenched in the void, while Cai Lin is the mysterious woman who is standing in front of her with a serious face!

The mysterious woman didn't seem to take any action on the actions of these two people, standing there calmly, like a statue that is immobile!

In the mouth of the nine-colored swallowing python, sharp fangs slowly appeared, and then above the fangs, a cold light appeared!

With the appearance of the cold light above the fangs, the surrounding temperature dropped sharply, and the nine-color swallowing python snorted coldly, bursting out with extremely terrifying speed, twisting its huge body, opening its **** mouth to attack the mysterious woman And go!

Cailin and Jiucai Swallowing Python were in the same mind, and immediately understood the intention of the Jiucai Swallowing Python. The nine-color fighting spirit of the five-star Dou Di perfect level emerged from all over, and then suddenly stepped on the back of the Jiucai Swallowing Python. !

One person and one beast are mixed with terrifying speed, and with monstrous destructive power, they are approaching the mysterious woman!

"Ugh……"

"I'm disappointed that you cooperate like this." The mysterious woman sighed slightly, and then the ten-color viper-like hair behind her suddenly grew!

In the span of a breath, the ten strands of snake and scorpion hair that exuded a strange aura actually grew a hundred feet tall!

Ten strands of hair grew, and then broke away from their original skin color, and all turned into ten strands of light beams with extremely strong restraint power.

Orange, gold, red, black, yellow, blue, cyan, purple, green, white!

Ten terrifying energy beams!

Among the ten beams of light, the white beam of light at the bottom slowly stepped forward, and then went directly to the attack of the Nine-colored Sky Swallowing Python and Cailin.

The white beam of light just touched the offensive of the two, and the two's offensive was instantly disintegrated, and then a wave of death that contained the destruction of the sky and the earth emerged from the white beam of light.

"Damn..." Cai Lin raised her arrogant head, slightly against the other nine beams of light of different colors beside the mysterious woman!

I don't know why, Cailin can feel it, it seems that the ten energy beams that reach the sky, each one contains different powers!

And the white beam of light that attacked him contained the power of poison!

Furthermore, this white beam of light seems to be the weakest among the ten beams of light!

The speed of the nine-colored swallowing python is extremely fast. If he just found out that the white beam of light is invincible, he will not be able to leave if he wants to leave. He immediately changes his strategy decisively.

Behind the Jiucai Tiantian Python, the monstrous snake tail that was hundreds of feet in the sky suddenly swung, and then smashed it towards the white beam of light!

"Boom boom boom!" The giant snake tail glowing with the power of nine-color light came into contact with the white beam of light!

An extremely terrifying wave suddenly erupted, and in the center of the duel, a destructive and strange mist ripples suddenly spread out!

"Cough, cough..." The next moment, the white light dimmed instantly, and then returned to the mysterious woman in an instant.

It's just that the situation of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python at this time was extremely unsatisfactory. The huge snake's tail, which was wrapped and protected by nine-colored snake scales, was eroded by the poisonous gas of white light, revealing the flesh and blood inside!

The nine-colored snake scales were actually melted by the mysterious power of the white beam of venom!

"Are you alright?" Cai Lin hurriedly came to the side of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python An extremely gentle Nine-Colored Power was continuously injected into the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python's body.

With the injection of this homologous power, the complexion of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python recovered a little.

"Go!" Just when Cailin and Jiucai Swallowing Python were at a loss, a strange energy containing ten colors burst out from the pupils of the mysterious woman, directly facing the place where the two women were!

"Be careful!" Cailin suddenly became vigilant, and just wanted to escape with the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, but was instantly enveloped by the ten-color power.

"What is this..." Seeing this, Jiu Cai Tian Tian Python felt an indescribable comfort!

And under the shroud of the power of ten colors, his severely injured snake tail actually recovered at a speed visible to the naked eye!

And the progress of the nine-colored snake at the tail of his snake emerged, and even a faint tenth color appeared!

The nine-colored swallowing python was overjoyed, with the mysterious woman's ten-color power enveloped, the aura of the second woman returned to its peak!

"Come again!" Where did the mysterious woman stand directly, and then a coercive voice suddenly came out!

Following the mysterious woman's voice, among the ten beams of light on her figure, the white beam of beams disappeared, and the next moment, the green beam of beams ranked ninth slowly stepped forward!

Ask for tickets!