Chapter 333: Coincidence in the city!

Elder Zhu took Xiao Yan and the three of them out of the inconspicuous passage, and what appeared in front of him was an extremely luxurious house.

In the defense, there are extremely exquisite decorations and some tables gaps are readily available, and the most attractive is the woman in the house.

"Several adults, please wait a moment, the person who will receive you will be here soon." A sweet voice also appeared in the house slowly.

After taking a closer look, it turned out to be a woman in uniform.

A woman's uniform highlights her bumpy figure, even if she is a certain age, the flavor still remains.

However, when the woman in uniform looked at Mu Yingying, there was a trace of envy in her beautiful eyes, which also flashed from the bottom of her heart.

Because Mu Yingying is also wearing a colorful dress, but she is different!

Although the two have extremely rare eyebrows, and the two are extremely slender, they are not the same.

Mu Yingying is an indescribable beauty, as if she was born with a fairy, she is not tainted by the world, and the uniformed woman reveals a wildness all over her body, and at a glance, you can tell that she has been in such a place all year round.

Although there was a little bit of envy, the determination to subdue the woman was fleeting, and the next moment was full of smiles.

Immediately, he came to Zhu Lao's side, and then slightly raised the tea on the table with both hands, brewing tea for Zhu Lao, and said slowly: "Recently, the royal family of Xuanling and the Medusa family are in a stalemate. How long will my king be leading the strong to fight against the Medusa family..."

"I don't know why a few adults came here..." The woman in uniform also said slowly, of course, some secret messages to Elder Zhu were inevitable.

"Little baby, it's better for you to know less."

"You go down." Elder Zhu also said slowly.

"Bang!" The woman in uniform heard the words, and the tea set in her hand shattered instantly, because she felt an extremely powerful fluctuation from the voice of the old man just now!

Even the depths of the soul are filled with fear from the bottom of my heart!

This is an unprecedented event, and the uniformed woman also knows that this time, it seems that compared to those small shrimps in the past, it is undoubtedly a big mountain!

This must be a big man...

"I'm sorry..." The woman's concentration and eyesight did not show any displeasure, she quickly packed up the broken tea set, and then slowly left the house.

"Shameless." Mu Yingying also said in a low voice the moment she subdued the woman and went out.

Obviously, with Mu Yingying's temperament, she is also quite disgusted by this kind of woman.

"This woman is really..." Mu Feng also shook his head. Obviously, he has dealt with ghosts all year round, and he has little research on people, but what the uniformed woman Mingli Aoli showed before was almost the kind of filth. transactions in general.

"This woman's identity should not be low here..."

"And looking at the familiar technique and tone of voice just now, if you didn't have some background, you wouldn't be here for so long..." Xiao Yan also said thoughtfully, obviously what the subdued woman just did, Xiao Yan also relied on the powerful I found some clues with the soul power of ordinary people.

Old Zhu also turned his eyes slightly, and it was obvious that the three people's minds were also in his sight.

"Bang bang bang!" Just as the woman in uniform walked out with her front feet, she walked in a man.

The man has a thin face and a gentle suit.

"Haha, in the younger generation, Wen Zi, the national teacher of the royal family, came to receive the disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion and Lord Zhu on behalf of my king." Isn't it the person who is most important to King Xuanling, Wen Zi?

"Why didn't King Xuanling come?" Elder Zhu also asked slightly.

"Lord Bamboo doesn't know that the Medusa family's offensive has been extremely violent recently. Our Xuanling royal family has suffered heavy losses in order to resist the attack of the next Medusa family. Therefore, in order to suppress this Medusa's arrogance, my king has already I decided to send troops to attack the Medusa family, so I'm also planning a battle plan now..."

"That's why my king didn't come in person, so please forgive me, Lord Zhu." Wen Zi also smiled slowly, and put the feather fan back gently.

"never mind."

"Then let's go." Zhu Lao didn't ask too much, and then said.

After all, in the grievances between the Medusa family and the Xuanling royal family, even Elder Zhu would not interfere too much.

"Everyone, please." Wen Zi also made a please gesture in front of him, and then smiled.

When the four elders of Zhu Lao took the lead in walking, Wen Zi also hurriedly followed, but Wen Zi's eyes never left Mu Yingying's body, but Wen Zi was very obscure and was not discovered by Zhu Lao.

"Why is this woman's aura somewhat familiar..."

"I don't remember when I met..." Wen Zi said slowly in his heart, thinking to no avail, and then followed closely.

The group of five also came out of the resting room, and then appeared in the street.

"This is the most prosperous street in Xuanling City, and the entrance to Xuanling Emperor Pond is at the end of this road." Wen Zi also smiled slowly.

When Xiao Yan and the others heard the words, they were walking on the bustling street together.

"This Xuanling City is really as lively as ever." Elder Zhu also looked at the youthful young man beside him, and his heart was inevitably touched, and then smiled.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Lord Zhu doesn't know, this is the place with the most people in Xuanling City. I'm afraid even the Burning Incense Pavilion where you are located is not as crowded."

"But the two are not of the same type. The Burning Incense Pavilion you are in, Lord Zhu, focuses on talent cultivation, while our Xuanling royal family pays more attention to inheriting and guarding this vast territory." Wen Zi also said slightly elegantly.

"Hehe, maybe." Old Zhu didn't say anything after he finished speaking. As for Xiao Yan and the others, they also followed Old Zhu and didn't say anything.

When Wen Zi saw this, he didn't speak, and focused on leading the way. After all, there was a long distance between Xuanling City and the Xuanling Imperial Family.

"Damn incense pavilion!"

"This time, I went specifically to pick up those few people. I didn't expect that I wouldn't be able to return the chicken..." A figure with a rather ugly face also slowly stood on the street and said.

"If I were to meet the people from your Burning Incense Pavilion, I would definitely let out a bad breath." After the man finished speaking, he was also walking around the lively street, but he didn't know that this person was approaching Xiao Yan and the others.

This person is the sixth prince, Du He!

The reason why Du He presumptuously went to the Fenxiang Pavilion to pick up the disciples was to increase his chances of being intimate with his father, and secondly, it was also for the future throne!

His father, King Xuanling, had been in this position for a hundred years, and it was time to replace him, so Du He was so impatient.

But where did Du He think that the strong man in the Fenxiang Pavilion was like a cloud, and if he went this time, if his father hadn't shot, he would have been terrified of his fate, because Du He also found out forcibly that the one who shot the incense pavilion was not Defeating the God of War just wants to kill him!

But fortunately, with his father's shot, although he was defeated and fled in the end, he could see that his father didn't mean to blame him.

But that's how it was, Du He was eager to make contributions!

Ask for tickets!

The third shift is here!