Chapter 554: In the box, soul liquid

"Boy, how is it, are you interested?" The pharmacist suddenly looked at Xiao Yan with malicious intent and said with a smile.

"Senior, what are you?" Xiao Yan was confused, obviously puzzled by the actions of the alchemist and the flame figure just now.

"It's nothing, I just want to test your strength." The pharmacist said in a hurry.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he was suddenly stunned.

Why was this alchemist and the flame figure like this just now? It turns out that there is such a relationship in it.

"Right now, it's barely enough." The alchemist didn't seem to dislike Xiao Yan, so he said.

What's more, with the shock of Xiao Yan's rune of the Xiao family, the alchemist also looked at Xiao Yan squarely.

"Okay, this energy clone is about to dissipate, so I'll keep it short."

"This manor manor is an immortal artifact with spiritual wisdom. It is a little thought from me to you, Shanyao and Shanling..." After the alchemist finished speaking, he looked at Shanyao kindly.

"En." As the pharmacist's voice fell, Shanyao clearly felt that the deep part of her body seemed to be more closely connected with something.

"Furthermore, the box in front of me is a kind of thing that nourishes the power of the soul. If you get it by luck, you will be a little busy."

"But whether you can get it or not depends on you." The alchemist said quite profoundly.

When Shanyao heard this, she looked thoughtful.

Xiao Yan was vaguely guessing.

"Boy, I can find out that you have so many flames on your body, it must have something to do with your exercises, so I'm not covering it up anymore..."

"If you want holy flame, then come to the top of the desert mountain range."

"Where are the secrets and holy flames that you want to know." The flame figure contained a hint of arrogant voice, which slowly shook Xiao Yan's heart.

After the flame figure finished speaking, the weak energy of the alchemist and the alchemist exploded in an instant, then turned into a trace of light, and completely disappeared in the wooden hall.

"There is actually holy flame in this desert mountain range?" Xiao Yan's tone was slightly surprised, but he quite believed what the flame figure said.

"It shouldn't be false. This manor is very close to the top of the desert mountain range. I can feel a scorching aura. That should be the holy flame."

"But there are two other auras. One is extremely powerful, which makes me feel uneasy, and the other is very evil... If I expected it well, it should be the extraterritorial evil race." Long Yi slowly Tell Xiao Yan.

"Holy Yan and foreign evil races..." Xiao Yan murmured in a low voice.

Although my heart was pleasantly surprised, it was also very heavy.

Sheng Yan and foreign evil races coexist, it is very likely that there are some secret existences in the topmost layer of this desert mountain range!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

With the disappearance of the flame figure and the pharmacist, the wooden hall returned to its original tranquility. As for the ten wooden chairs, it was released by the pharmacist under the mysterious relationship between Shanyao and the pharmacist.

"The senior just said that this box is something that nourishes the soul. I don't know what it is..." Xiao Yan's eyes were a little hot, and his heart kept beating. Yan can still feel a heartbeat from it!

"Don't worry, I naturally won't fight with you for that thing." Snake also noticed Xiao Yan's scorching gaze, and immediately wanted to clear the relationship, so he said.

Although I don't know what is in this box, for soul cultivation, except for alchemists and a very small number of people who cultivate the power of the soul, the treasures that ordinary people get to nourish the soul are not of much use, because the cultivation of the soul is of no use. , One careless, the end will be ashes, so Snake Punishment will definitely not conflict with Xiao Yan for this kind of thing, after all Snake Punishment still wants to rely on the medicinal pill that cooperated with Xiao Yan, to attack Jiuxing Dou Di. Look.

"I'm not interested either." Shan Yaobei's lips moved and she said directly.

"Thank you." Xiao Yan couldn't help feeling warm when he heard the two of them. Although this thing really didn't have much use for the two of them, since the two of them could give up voluntarily, it means that Xiao Yan and the two of them had a good relationship with each other. The relationship is quite harmonious.

"Okay, don't be awkward, little brother Xiao Yan still go up and see what this thing is?"

"If you don't have a mouthful, you can have a feast for the eyes." Snake Xing said with a smile, although he gave up the opportunity to compete for this thing, it is always a good thing to increase his knowledge.

"Okay." Xiao Yan laughed loudly, and immediately wrapped his soul power around him, he walked towards the box between the two golden chairs.

The reason why Xiao Yan wrapped his soul power was to prevent the sudden opening of the organ, which would make Xiao Yan uncomfortable, so it was also just in case.

"Tread!" Xiao Yan just took the first step and came to the first of the ten wooden chairs. He was extremely vigilant, but there was no movement. He tilted his head slightly. Xiao Yan immediately felt relieved and strode forward. Step forward.

one step...

Step two...

Ten steps!

After a few breaths, Xiao Yan came to the front of the golden chair, and then his pupils glanced around and found that there was no trace of breath on the two golden chairs where the alchemist and the flame figure had just stayed. , apparently really dissipated.

"Why is there so much dust in this box..." The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils focused on the box that was located between the two golden chairs.

As the distance got closer, Xiao Yan realized that this was a box that was about ten feet long. The box was square but at this time, a thick layer of dust covered up its true face.

"This thing should have been sealed... and the method of sealing is quite clever." Xiao Yan exclaimed slowly, even at a glance, Xiao Yan was enough to see the extraordinaryness of this box, because just sealing the With the huge soul power in it, the power required is quite a lot, and Xiao Yan believes that he can't do it now.

"Brumbling!" Xiao Yan raised his palm gently, and then gently swept away the dusty box.

Just touching the dusty box, a huge force spread throughout the body!

"Not good!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and the dazzling fighting qi and soul power all over his body instantly burst out from his body!

"Ah!" A scream rang out in an instant, and Xiao Yan's eyes became a little distracted. Obviously, just when Xiao Yan touched the dust on the box with his palm, a terrifying soul force came from the box in an instant. The eruption made Xiao Yan a little surprised.

However, Xiao Yan is also an alchemist with the peak soul power of the emperor realm. The next moment, he returned to his normal aura. Immediately, the huge soul power continued to resist the soul fluctuations emanating from the box, and the palm of his hand was fast. sweeping the dust.

With Xiao Yan's rapid movements, the dust on the box was slowly dissipated, and its true colors were revealed immediately.

The next moment, a certain void figure outside the wooden hall suddenly whispered strangely: "This is..."

"Soul liquid?"

Ask for tickets!