Chapter 431: A real treasure!

"I can't imagine that the person with the heavy ruler is mediocre in strength, but his own four-star Dou Emperor's perfect strength made me, a six-star Dou Emperor, feel a sense of fear in the early days. It seems that he must have a lot of secrets... …”

"Fortunately, he didn't come after him in the end, otherwise it would have been a hard fight." In a room, the barefooted woman Lin Zhu sat cross-legged on the bed and muttered to herself.

"Forget it, let's talk about it later, I don't know what happened to Senior Sister..."

"Although Senior Sister is the strength of the late Eight Star Dou Di, many people are thinking about it... Master, come quickly." After Lin Zhu finished speaking, she sorted out her appearance a little, put on a pair of hats, and then Out of his room, looking at the appearance, he went to pick up his senior sister.

The east gate outside Xuanling City, there are very few people going in and out at night, so some investigations are relatively lax, and the roads are sparsely populated, and people in Xuanling City turn a blind eye to some things that are secretly operated to kill people and steal goods. one eye.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

About ten kilometers away from the east gate of Xuanling City, on a forest rock path, there are hardly any traces of people here. The barefoot woman was walking slowly.

The barefooted woman was dressed in azure clothes, her complexion was extremely delicate, and a slight tulle covered her face.

"Who, come out!" A cold snort appeared directly from the woman's lips.

"With such a keen perception, Bing Xin, the third disciple of the Poison Sect, is indeed well-deserved." A hearty laughter came from all directions.

"People from the Tujia?" Bing Xin heard the words, her eyes were slightly wrinkled under the veil, obviously not knowing when their Poison Sect had a grudge against this Tujia.

"You have something on your body that makes many people jealous..." The visitor was a Tujia stalker!

A powerhouse at the mid-level of the Eight-Star Dou Di!

"Then it depends on whether you have the ability!" Bing Xin snorted coldly, her jade hand raised slightly, and she did not give the soil walker a chance to breathe, and went straight to it!

"Bingshan beauty is really..." Seeing this, the earthwalker also suddenly stimulated his own fighting qi. This Bingxin is a powerhouse of the eight-star Doudi perfection level, and he is also cultivating poison attribute fighting qi. Can't walk around.

Around the rocky path, there are a few strong men with hidden breaths lurking.

"Head of the regiment, the woman is actually the third disciple of the Poison Sect..."

"Eight-star Dou Di's perfection-level strength is too much for us now." The coyote said to the woman beside him.

"It seems that other than us, there are other people who are rushing towards this thing... The perfect strength of the Eight Star Dou Emperor is too difficult for us, and it seems that there are other strong people here, their strength Even stronger than the Eight-Star Dou Di!" The woman nodded when she heard the words.

"Then head, what should we do?" The emaciated figure of the coyote said slightly.

"Let's go, that kid from the Burning Incense Pavilion should have time too. Let's prepare to go to the desert first... Where are the things that are more attractive than this fire unicorn erysipelas!" After the woman finished speaking, she slowly disappeared here. .

Hearing the words, the coyote also followed, and then the soul power in his mind was activated, in order to give Xiao Yan's soul power a meeting place!

"Duke Dan, who do you think will win between the two?" Beside the King Dan, a handsome-looking man spoke slowly.

"Hey, it's hard to say, one is the strength of the Tujia Earthwalker in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di, and the other is the strength of the third disciple of the Poison Sect, the Eight-Star Dou Emperor's perfection level. If it wasn't for this Earth Walker's cultivation of earth attribute Dou Qi , I'm afraid I've already been defeated." Dan Wangchen heard the words and thought.

If it weren't for the fact that this fire qidan was too precious, I'm afraid that with the temperament of the Dan king, he would definitely not invite this great **** to go out...

The reward for asking this person to go out is too high, even Dan Wang Chen can't help but feel a little heartache.

"Don't worry, I'm here, as long as it's not King Xuanling, this thing can't escape." Seemingly aware of the subtle change in King Pill's heart, the man next to him also spoke.

"This time, please, Master Lu!" After Chen Xin finished speaking, she also focused her eyes on the battle.

"Hehe, it's really lively this time." In a vague place, the figure of Zhu Lao appeared, but it just disappeared in a flash.

"Look at the move!" Bing Xin snorted coldly, and the cyan battle qi all over her body instantly emerged, and then her figure shook and disappeared in place!

The blue-colored Dou Qi on Bing Xin's body was extremely strange. The moment the blue-colored Dou Qi appeared, the surrounding space shook violently!

"What a poisonous fighting qi!" The earthwalker recognized at a glance the poison contained in Bing Xin's blue-colored fighting qi. If such a terrifying poison hit him, his fate would be extremely miserable!

Just when the earthwalker was surprised, Bingxin had already disappeared in place, and when Bingxin appeared, he had come to the back of the earthwalker, and the cyan grudge instantly gathered in his hand, the jade hand turned slightly sideways, facing the earth. The traveler's Tianling cover was suddenly photographed!

This seemingly simple palm contains extremely terrifying poisonous fighting qi!

"Drink!" Seeing this, the Soil Walker didn't panic, his feet suddenly landed on the ground, and a thick yellow Dou Qi as heavy as Mount Tai appeared out of thin air!

At the moment when this vindictive qi appeared, a thick rock barrier appeared on the body of the soil walker, and it took the poisonous palm of Bingxin abruptly!

Although Bingxin's blow was smashed by the earthwalker, only the earthwalker knew that his terrifying rock defense had just been corroded at a speed visible to the naked eye under the highly poisonous attack of Bingxin!

Such a terrifying poison If time lasts a little longer, I am afraid it can directly penetrate one's own defense!

"Humph!"

"What a hard turtle shell!" Bing Xin's beautiful eyes turned slightly.

Although his attack just now corroded a lot of the rock defense, if you want to completely corrode the rock defense, you need a lot of fighting spirit.

Furthermore, Bing Xin felt that there seemed to be other obscure auras here, so she definitely wouldn't put herself in danger.

"Hehe, your poisonous fighting qi is powerful, but mine is an earth-type fighting qi... In terms of lasting power, you are not as good as me." The soil walker grinned.

"Really? That's not necessarily." Bing Xin didn't panic in the slightest, but the cyan Dou Qi appeared all over her body, and then the next moment, the cyan Dou Qi wriggled strangely, and a cyan sword shadow appeared in her hand.

"What a terrifying poisonous fighting qi..." Although the earthwalker laughed, he was very shocked in his heart!

The poisonous fighting qi that Bing Xin cultivated has actually reached this point!

Dou Qi condensed!

This is quite a profound method!

Moreover, the earthwalker felt a fatal wave from the blue sword shadow condensed by the ice core.

"What a terrifying sword energy..." Behind a certain rock, two men with matching swords spoke up.

These two people are the people of Wanjianmen, the leader of the super sect!

Ask for tickets!