Chapter 244: Girl in the monument!

"I don't know how to resolve the seal of the twin ghost emperors?" Xiao Yan also asked in doubt.

"It's also simple to say, the twin ghost emperors are one twin, and they are divided into two parts. Yinxie and Xieyin form the twin ghost emperors in the ghost world."

"However, the evil yin in the cold pool is quite weak, and it is only used as a foil among the twin ghost emperors, while the evil yin in this town ghost well occupies a dominant position." There was a slightly vicissitudes of voice in the stone tablet. Also sounded.

Xiao Yan frowned when he heard the words. Obviously, although the evil spirits in the cold pool had broken the seal, they were not the twin ghost emperors. , it will be a bloodbath again.

"But it's strange. The evil in the cold pool is the body of the soul. Even if the seal is broken, the threat is not big, but the evil in this ghost well is the body of a human..." The mysterious figure in the stone tablet also said.

"Yin evil is actually the body of the soul?" Xiao Yan was also surprised. Obviously, although he knew that the evil power in the cold pool was not weak, it was comparable to the strength of the six-star fighting emperor in Wujiang, but in Xiao Yan's perception, This evil spirit is quite similar to the soul clan aura on Dou Qi Continent...

"Human body?" But before Xiao Yan was surprised, the voice in the stone tablet also echoed in Xiao Yan's mind.

As we all know, human beings are the masters of all things. They not only have extremely high wisdom, but also have unique advantages in cultivation. All these are enough to show that the status of human beings is high among all things.

"The human body..."

"It's a little troublesome..." The Golden Dragon King also muttered, apparently not expecting that the twin ghost emperors in this soul-suppressing tablet are actually human.

The difference between humans and the ghost world is that humans have bodies and souls, while ghosts in the ghost world are entirely composed of souls.

"The human body..."

"Could it have something to do with the cries in this soul-suppressing tablet..." Xiao Yan also thought carefully.

"Yes, speaking of this evil Yin's life experience is also pitiful..." There was also a regret from the stone tablet.

"I'll leave the rest to you." The last sentence of the stele disappeared without a trace, but Xiao Yan could still vaguely feel that the mysterious figure still existed in the stele.

Xiao Yan also calmed down a little, and then said softly to the stone tablet: "Come out, I can hear your crying."

As Xiao Yan's words just fell, an extremely terrifying ghostly energy suddenly emerged from the stone tablet, and then a beautiful shadow drifted to Xiao Yan.

A faint figure slowly appeared beside the stone tablet.

Xiao Yan took a closer look, and this appearance turned out to be a young woman.

The shawl's long hair slightly covered half of her face, and it was vaguely seen that the woman was still pretty good-looking, very shrewd.

The two dark eyes on the woman looked at Xiao Yan, and then at the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind Xiao Yan, with a hint of doubt in her eyes.

The woman in white said in a slightly surprised whisper, "You can hear my cry, aren't you lying to me?"

"I can really hear your cry..."

"I just don't know why you are crying here?" Xiao Yan also asked softly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The woman in front of her is, in one sense, a part of the twin ghost emperors, and in another sense, she is an ordinary human woman, so Xiao Yan also spoke with confidence.

"For so many years, I have been crying here, but unfortunately no one has ever heard it. I didn't expect to meet someone today who can hear my voice."

"It should be thousands of years, it's really a long time!" The woman in white sighed softly.

Xiao Yan looked at her steadily, his soul power and spiritual power alternated with each other, carefully probing her body.

In the end, what Xiao Yan got was that this woman in white was very strange. She didn't seem to be a soul body, but a real body, a human body!

However, under this seemingly cowardly body, Xiao Yan vaguely detected the existence of an extremely terrifying ghostly aura, which contained a hint of spiritual light.

According to Xiao Yan's analysis of the information from her investigation, she is not an evil spirit or a ghost, but may just be a woman who was used by the twin ghost emperors, Xie Yin.

It is impossible for ordinary people to possess such a terrifying ghost...

In this case, there is only one possibility, this woman may be the incarnation of the twin ghost emperors.

"Master, this woman..." Xiao Yan also used his soul power to communicate with his master, the Golden Dragon King. After all, this kind of thing involved too much, so Xiao Yan had to be careful.

"In the ghost world, most of the ghosts exist in the form of souls. They continue to cultivate with the help of the ghostly ghosts in the ghost world, in order to get rid of the darkness of the sky as soon as possible and regain a new life."

"In addition to practicing hard, there is another way to be reborn, and that is to find a human body. As long as the human body is compatible with his own soul body, then these ghosts can also rely on powerful cultivation. The human body is taken for itself..."

"It's just that although the world is big, it's harder than finding a needle in a haystack to find a human being that fits your soul body..."

"And if you find it, according to the character of the ghost in the ghost world, it will definitely not retain the human soul and thoughts. This woman is obviously not in line with common sense..." The Golden Dragon King also said in a deep voice...

"so……"

"There is only one possibility..."

"Then go, this woman has reached some kind of agreement with that terrifying twin ghost emperor!"

"Or maybe there is something in this woman that makes the twin ghost emperors fear!" Xiao Yan also woke up like he was enlightened.

"That's right!" The Golden Dragon King said in agreement, and felt some relief in his heart, this kid is finally...

After figuring out the identity of the woman in white, although Xiao Yan did not show hostility on the surface, he was vigilant from the beginning.

This woman in white should have a soul body with twin ghost emperors and evil yin in her body!

Moreover, the body of the white-clothed woman should be quite compatible with the twin ghost emperors, and the combat power she will exert at that time will be extremely terrifying...

And although there is the existence of the Golden Dragon King of his own master in his body, his physical quality is undoubtedly insignificant compared with the Golden Dragon King of his master, so the strength of the Golden Dragon King of his master is not able to exert one-two of ten Forget it, take a step by step. "Xiao Yan said in his heart, and then he looked at the woman in white.

Xiao Yan asked, "Why are you here? You said you've been here for thousands of years. Why don't you go out and stay here and cry instead?"

The woman in white smiled lightly: "I said that I was here because of my slaughter and was sealed by humans who claim to be righteous. Would you believe me?"

"I don't believe it." Xiao Yan also said indifferently, his tone was extremely dull.

"you……"

"Interesting." The woman in white also laughed, and her smile was very charming.

"Actually, I also want to leave here, but unfortunately I don't have that ability."

"Because every time my soul force or body wants to fly ten meters away from the inscription, there is always a strange barrier that blocks me back, and I can't get out."

"Countless failures have made me realize that I can't get out."

"That's why I cry here alone." The woman in white also shook her head.

"For thousands of years, I have been touching this matter. The only possibility is that there is something hidden in this stone tablet. Unfortunately, my ability is low and I can't find out anything."

"Seeing you today can be considered a fate. I have something I want to ask you for help, do you want to?"

After the woman in white finished speaking, she looked at Xiao Yan with some anticipation.

Ask for tickets!