Chapter Vol 2 806: life and death fire

"but?"

"But what?" Xiao Yan suddenly became vigilant when he heard the words. It seemed that after the holy flame appeared on his body, the attitude of the life-and-death fire beast towards him had undergone earth-shaking changes.

Although he was extremely puzzled, Xiao Yan laughed in his heart at this moment. Obviously, Xiao Yan still underestimated the power of Sheng Yan.

"The thing I guard is the fire of life and death, and I can take you down to get it."

"But as a price, you must use the power of holy flame to help me overcome the calamity, break through the seven-star Dou Emperor, and enter the eight-star Dou Emperor." The fire beast of life and death stared at Xiao Yan, and said with anticipation.

However, rather than staring at Xiao Yan, it is better to stare at the khaki-colored holy flame on Xiao Yan's body, because if the life-and-death fire beast wants to break through the current **** and step into a higher realm, it will either continue to devour the flame, or use the flame's help. strength.

However, if it devoured the flames in the molten lava, I am afraid that there will not be a thousand years. The life and death fire beasts want to successfully advance from the Seven Star Dou Emperor to the Eight Star Dou Emperor, which is tantamount to fantasy.

The flames in this lava are extremely terrifying. If there is a more terrifying flame in this lava world, it is undoubtedly only holy flames, but holy flames are very few in the entire Great Thousand World. met.

But now that he meets Xiao Yan who possesses the holy flame, the fire beast of life and death will definitely not miss this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!

The fire of life and death is precious. As long as the roots and stems are not damaged, it will take some time to grow naturally. But if you miss the holy flame, you really miss it.

"Uh……"

"Using the power of holy flame to help you survive the calamity?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words. Xiao Yan had never heard of any magical beast since ancient times, and could survive the calamity with the powerful power of holy flame.

"Hehe, Sheng Yan is the strongest representative of the fire attribute between heaven and earth."

"I can feel that your strength is too weak now, and you haven't really mastered this holy flame, otherwise, with the power of your holy flame, let alone me, even the vicious old monster, I'm afraid it won't cause you any harm. harm!"

"And you don't need to be surprised. Breaking through with the power of holy flame is our only chance for life and death fire beasts."

"Our life and death fire beasts have always lived in the land of lava, and the birth of life and death fire is even more difficult." The life and death fire beast said.

"Give me the fire of life and death first, and I'll help you." Xiao Yan hesitated for a moment, worried about the conspiracy of the fire beast of life and death, and immediately said.

"You..." The fire beast of life and death heard the words, and suddenly thought, if he gave him the fire of life and death first, I'm afraid this human being.

"Don't worry, this is your territory after all."

"And I also said that I came here for two purposes, one of them before the fire of life and death."

"You can wait until I help you overcome the calamity, and then take me to the Spring of Life and Death." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Humph!"

"Boy, I didn't promise you to take you to the Spring of Life and Death. I just promised you to give you the fire of life and death. As for the Spring of Life and Death, that's none of my business. If you want to enter, I will naturally not stop you. you."

"But I advise you that the guys in the Second Yiquan of Life and Death are not only more terrifying than me, but also more greedy than me. You are carrying holy flames. I'm afraid it's hard to say whether you can come out completely when you go in." Fire Beast of Life and Death snorted coldly. A voice.

"Then don't worry about it." Xiao Yan smiled.

The reason why Xiao Yan entered the Second Yiquan of Life and Death must have been prepared. The strength of the vicious old monster in the late stage of the Eight-star Dou Emperor, coupled with the monsters that are comparable to the human nine-star Dou Emperor level, if there is no preparation, Xiao Yan will not be able to do so. Dare to enter rashly.

"Let's lead the way." The voice just fell, and he smiled without hesitation.

"Follow me!" After hesitating for a while, the fire beast of life and death realized that what Xiao Yan said had some truth, and immediately led the way.

After all, this is his own territory. If Xiao Yan’s words don’t count, most of them will join forces with the vicious old monsters to bring him back. Six-star Dou Di’s perfect strength, although he has holy flames, can’t exert much of the power of holy flames.

"Let's go!" Seeing that the fire beast of life and death was not hesitating, Xiao Yan directly sunk his head into the terrifying lava without hesitation. He was enveloped in the power of holy flames, and with the isolation of soul power, he followed closely. go!

"Are you sure you're here!" Xiao Yan's pressure suddenly increased greatly when his body was submerged in the molten slurry. Obviously, the temperature and suppression here were much stronger than Xiao Yan imagined.

"Don't worry, since I have asked you, I will definitely not harm you." Faced with Xiao Yan's question, the Fire Beast did not shy away from it, and spoke directly.

"Bang bang bang!" One person and one beast went towards the bottom of the melt.

"What is that..." After a while, Xiao Yan suddenly saw a door of light in front of him. Within the door of light, there were many obscure auras, some of which made Xiao Yan feel extremely frightened.

"Where is the entrance to the Second Yiquan of Life and Death." The Fire Beast of Life and Death glanced at Xiao Yan behind him and said casually.

"Life and death Eryiquan?" Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he saw this.

"Boy, don't go!" Seeing that Xiao Yan was suddenly about to swipe at the Light Gate of the Second Instrument of Life and Death, the Fire Beast of Life and Death directly pulled Xiao Yan away with the force of the void.

"Before you court death, help me survive the calamity before you die!"

"Then I won't stop you." The Fire Beast of Life and Death hurriedly stopped and scolded Xiao Yan.

The guy in the Yiquan of Life and Death is a guy who kills without blinking an eye Xiao Yan entering it at this time is tantamount to sending him to death.

"Let's go." Naturally, Xiao Yan also knew how powerful this life-and-death yiquan was, so he didn't dare to stay any longer and started to hurry.

"There are too many strong people in the Second Yiquan of Life and Death. I'm afraid that the humans in the swamp area are not enough for them to kill." The Fire Beast of Life and Death shook his head, obviously not optimistic about Xiao Yan and the others.

"What's the meaning of this?" Xiao Yan didn't know what the fire beast of life and death meant, so he immediately asked.

"Vicious old monster, this guy often kills human beings in order to maintain his appearance, trying to keep his appearance young by absorbing the essence of human beings."

"So you have to be careful." After the fire beast of life and death finished, it suddenly stopped.

"It's here." He said briefly, and then the pupils of the life and death fire beast stared at a void in front of him.

"That's it?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard the words.

However, before Xiao Yan finished speaking, a black light flashed from the body of the fire beast of life and death, and then the two disappeared instantly!

The next moment, when the two appeared, they suddenly came to an extremely cold place.

"Ahhh!" Rao was possessed of holy flame protection, and Xiao Yan couldn't help the cold, so he sneezed immediately.

"What you need is right there." The Fire Beast of Life and Death didn't seem to care about Xiao Yan's situation.

The duty of the fire beasts of life and death is to bring Xiao Yan to the place where the fire of life and death is stored. As for whether Xiao Yan can determine the fire of life and death, the fire beast of life and death does not care at all.

"That is, the fire of life and death..." Xiao Yan looked in the direction of the fire beast of life and death, but saw an extremely delicate plant slowly standing on the tip of the ice block! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: