Chapter Vol 4 2042: Assessment method!

With a sound, Feng Lao and Xiao Yan directly penetrated the space barrier and arrived at the assessment site.

"This is the place where you will assess the sixth-grade pharmacist of the immortal rank." Feng Lao's gray eyes swept slightly, and he said after confirming that there was no danger here.

Assessing the land of the sixth-rank immortal rank, looking around, this is a small world. In the small world, birds and flowers are fragrant, and countless silver rocks are paving the way. The rules of these stones are extremely strange, like a piece of armor, and Xiao Yan and the two It is on a flat ground among the rocks of the small world. Inside the rock under the feet, a shocking and terrifying energy overflows everywhere, and even a trace of scorching temperature accompanies it.

It seems that what they are stepping on is not a rock, but more like a sleeping behemoth?

"This is a small world. It was built by the great power of our medicine family. It is also very simple to assess the sixth-rank immortal rank. There are only two steps."

"The first item is to verify that you have the corresponding soul power and control the fire power, so the first step is to refine the medicine pill." Feng Lao said casually, his voice did not have any warmth, with her savage eyes, it was natural to be able to It was noticed that the confidence on Xiao Yan's face came from the profound soul power in his body, but the sixth-grade alchemist of the immortal rank was not enough to rely on his soul power. The subdivision, the control of the heat, any more or less will affect the success or failure of the medicine pill.

Feng Lao is one of the elders of the medicine clan. He has seen too many frivolous people like Xiao Yan on weekdays, but in his hands, none of the sixth-rank pharmacists have been successfully assessed, so she He is known as the most strict and demanding guy in the medicine family, but if he can succeed in the assessment under her supervision, it must be enough to prove his strength.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded, his eyes and palms became hot, and he couldn't help but look eager to try.

"Here is the sixth-grade immortal rank, the third-rank prescription of Tiandi and Xuan, and three medicinal materials. After I take out your alchemist rank medal, I will look at it to confirm my identity, and then I can start."

"Time passes slowly here, and one month is no more than one stick of incense outside. After one month or all three medicinal herbs fail, your assessment will also end in failure." Feng Lao said.

This kind of special small world is obviously only used when evaluating alchemists. After all, even if it is opened up by the great power, if it stays for a long time, I am afraid that it will be involved in the turbulent flow of time and space, and then there will be nine deaths...

"I don't have the Medal of Refining Medicine Master, but I have registered for the fourth rank of Immortal Rank before, but the medal has been forgotten. Please let me try it out, senior!" Hearing Feng Lao say this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but face dark, and could only be hard. Said with a scalp.

"Don't have the Medal of Alchemist?"

"Then how did you get into Medicine King City?"

"Now that the Grand Ceremony of the Medicine Clan is imminent, I'd better place you under house arrest and wait for your identity to be ascertained. I will naturally give you justice and offend you..." Hearing Xiao Yan's voice, Feng Lao's eyes slowly contained a hint of An extremely cold murderous aura, the meaning of the words is suddenly clear.

"Senior..." Xiao Yan's pressure increased greatly, and suddenly the spiritual palace in his body slowly trembled, and a surging soul force like a galaxy swept out, and the two competed against each other for a while, forming two beautiful worlds in this small rock world. Landscape.

"Forget it, I'll let you try it." After taking a breath, Old Feng flicked the palm of his hand casually.

"Thank you for your accomplishment, Senior." Hearing Old Feng agree, Xiao Yan directly removed his soul power, and the place returned to peace.

"This guy's spiritual palace is like a vast universe, unfathomable, even I feel a palpitations, such a terrifying guy."

"This level of soul power is enough to qualify for the seventh immortal rank assessment, but pharmacists don't just rely on soul power..." Watching Xiao Yan walk towards the three volumes of prescriptions in front of him, Feng Lao was trembling in front of him. Said in my heart.

The seemingly simple soul competition just now, if I hadn't spoken out in time to stop it, I'm afraid it would only end in my own failure. My soul power has not yet entered the "Huayuan" realm, and the spiritual palace has only filled the second floor. Naturally, it is not as good as Xiao Yan, so after a simple contest, Feng Lao felt that Xiao Yan's soul power is really terrifying and tyrannical!

"I hope you won't let me down, a sixth-rank immortal rank has a slim chance to compete with all the geniuses of the world. At that time, the title of the No. 1 alchemist in this continent will bring you countless Prestige and unexpected benefits." After whispering softly, Old Feng's eyes were fixed on Xiao Yan.

"Recovering Immortal Pill, Immortal Rank Sixth Stage Profound Rank, taking this pill can keep the soul immortal for an hour. It is a magical medicine when it is severely damaged by life and death, but it can only last for one stick of incense, after one stick of incense, If there is no healing from the strongest, the soul will also be scattered."

"The required medicinal materials, soul-broken chalcedony, immortal essence iron..." Xiao Yan murmured as he looked at the last volume of the three volumes of prescriptions.

"It's not bad." Xiao Yan nodded, judging from the introduction of this medicinal pill's efficacy, this pill is indeed extraordinary, but Xiao Yan is already immortal, and this medicinal pill is useless to him.

"Duyuan Beast Pill, Immortal Rank Sixth Grade Earth Grade Pill. This Pill is specially used for myriad spirits such as beasts and cannot be taken by humans. After beasts or myriad spirits are taken, they can stimulate their own potential and increase the success of transcending tribulations. The rate is the only treasure of the monsters to overcome the calamity."

"The required medicinal materials, blood demon Dansui, Qingnanmu..." Zaidu turned his head to look at the second volume of prescriptions, Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a slight dizziness in his heart.

This kind of medicine pill is useless to me, but it is of great value to some powerful beasts or mystical creatures.

All things in the world, whether they are beasts or some illusionary supernatural beings, although they are not as smart as humans and can cultivate smoothly, they have had a long life since ancient times. However, the rules of heaven and earth do not allow all things to be supernatural. After 10,000 years of life, there will be a catastrophe.

Heavenly robbery is mighty, irresistible, countless supernatural beings, and there are very few who can safely pass through the calamity, but those who can pass through, whether it is strength or life, will be greatly improved, and that kind of improvement is even more powerful than reincarnation tribulation. .

This has also caused those supreme supernatural beings to love these elixir that can increase the success rate of transcending a calamity In their eyes, this elixir is a priceless treasure.

Human powerhouses break through the eight-star fighting immortals, that is, they step into reincarnation. The reincarnation is divided into nine levels, each of which is extremely dangerous. Once the strength of the magical beasts breaks through the eight-star fighting immortals, they will be restricted by heaven and earth until their lifespan reaches 10,000. Years old, will usher in the first catastrophe, so every supernatural being with a long life is undoubtedly a Xeon, at least an existence comparable to human reincarnation.

The reincarnation tribulation is even inferior to the supernatural calamity.

Under normal circumstances, a reincarnation powerhouse who has survived a reincarnation calamity cannot be a supernatural opponent who has survived a calamity. Use common sense.

"Feng Zi Yao Dan, a sixth-grade immortal rank pill, the effect of this pill is not tyrannical to normal people, but it has a unique advantage for some special groups. After taking it, it can greatly increase the For the affinity and absorption of various elements, it is necessary for some powerful people with special power to burst out some of the power accumulated in the body for many years and release it in the way of awakening."

"The herbs you need, Yun Tierui, Qianxue Lingzhi..." His eyes were looking at the third volume of prescriptions, but Xiao Yan's eyes couldn't help but laugh.

It seems that this trip to the medicine clan must have gone too smoothly, right?

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: