Chapter Vol 4 1896: 7 Great Demon Kings, Evil Eye Demon King!

"Sisi!" In the desolate alien space, in the ancient battlefield, the desolate and icy aura of death, accompanied by bursts of extremely sticky demonic energy and an extremely evil demonic energy, filled this place, which is called this place. It's not an exaggeration to be a true grave death zone.

The ancient battlefield, this is a very special realm. It is a special zone opened up by the master of the demon realm and the demon emperor Tianhen with the power of reincarnation. Yes, even the two white kings and one black king among the king-level powerhouses sent by the evil army from outside the territory to conquer the demon world were completely suppressed by the demon emperor.

Therefore, in the ancient battlefield, it is not only a place where many powerful people from the demon world meet today, but also a special area with two towns and demon areas!

Demon Suppression Territory, this is something that exists to seal and suppress the real powerhouses among the evil races outside the territory. There are actually two of them in this battlefield. The appalling horror level is probably no less than the real Wanxie. place.

Among them, among the two Demon Suppression Prisons, one Demon Suppression Prison is sealed with two white-level alien kings and many evil people.

There is also one, it is said that there is only a black king who seals the evil clan outside the territory.

As for the division of the power of the king-level powerhouses among the foreign evil races, no monster can clearly know, but the two white kings, according to the guesses of many powerhouses, may not have stepped into the reincarnation, but the black king, but It must be a reincarnation-level powerhouse, because at the beginning, the demon emperor alone suppressed him here with his mysterious cultivation technique and demon world domineering weapon!

"Tear it up!" Xiao Yan and the others slowly separated from the Wan Yaowang and others. Immediately, Xiao Yan took a thousand elites behind him, as well as the half-step eight-star fighting fairy and nine seven-star fighting fairy generals. The strength of the lower powers is spread around the ranks of one-star to six-star fighting immortals, and together they entered the Tianyuan battlefield among the ten battlefields.

The Tianyuan battlefield is considered to be the last of the top ten battlefields, but it is also a special area where countless treasures and dangers coexist.

Now, in the top ten battlefields, it is estimated that among the top-ranked battlefields, where are the three powerful monster armies standing, trying to compete against each other, and in their eyes, the seven monster kings are just petty fights. The three will decide the outcome, and the seven demon kings can only bow their heads and become ministers, while the other nine battlefields have been divided up by the seven demon kings at this time. The relic treasure left behind enriches itself, trying to gain the power to fight against the three powerhouses.

In the Tianyuan battlefield, I don't know who deliberately leaked it, and it was vaguely revealed that the Heisha Dragon and Wolf Guards were defeated by the Tianxiong tyrant, fled from here, and tried to leave the ancient battlefield to restore their health. Once the news spread, it was It was targeted by the evil-eyed demon king. At this time, the battlefield was filled with the army of the evil-eyed demon king.

At this time, in the Tianyuan battlefield, the evil eye demon king has completely occupied. As for the army of the other Tianxiong tyrants and the white bone demon king, they are slowly dormant in the first place among the ten battlefields. It turned out to be united to try to annihilate the remaining Heisha dragon and wolf army in one fell swoop, and the demon kings under the command of the Heisha dragon and wolves, including the Ten Thousand Demon King, also gathered their strengths and went towards the battlefield of the Resentful House. There, it will be The real highlight.

At the same time, with the help of Wan Yaowang's extremely terrifying handwriting, Xiao Yan and the others slowly entered the Tianyuan battlefield. This is the only way out for their army, so Xiao Yan was dispatched to try to drive away the evil-eyed demon king, so as to stay the last A way back.

"Here, the terrifying aura is indeed the real battlefield of the demon world powerhouses and the evil races from outside the ancient times." Just after entering here through the space crack, Xiao Yan's soul power sensed it, everyone stood in the sky, Xiao Yan followed his gaze and looked down. , the dark cracks of countless evil powers emerged from below, and there were many bones and countless corpses everywhere.

It seems that in this Tianyuan battlefield, whether it is a stone or a grain of sand, it has absorbed the blood essence of countless monsters and the evil aura of foreign evil races. To a certain extent, it is a great supplement for monsters.

"It's easy to expose the target by standing in the sky. Go down first and send someone to inquire about the army of the evil-eyed demon king. At the same time, without my order, no one can use anything in this battlefield."

"Including the corpses on the ground or the blood of fallen monsters, remember, it's anything!" After a while, he glanced around and found some dark shadows walking back and forth not far away. Xiao Yan's order was issued slowly, flooding in the hearts of the people.

"Yes." The nine demon generals behind him nodded slowly. They were quite convinced of Xiao Yan's order, so they carried out the order for a while.

"Weng buzzing!" Just standing on the gloomy ground, strange auras filled the air, as if they were venting something. Immediately, two objects in Xiao Yan's body flashed with a rather bewitching luster.

One is the fragment of the demon book that Xiao Yan obtained before, which recorded many treasures in the demon world. It seems that the body of the demon book stands here.

The second is Xiao Yan's palm, the aura of the dark underworld.

It seems that the Dark Underworld Master also felt a rather fearful aura about this land, but the Dark Underworld Master was more like a summoned creature. If Xiao Yan did not take the initiative to summon him, he would live quietly in the dark, which is the so-called in the underworld.

"Don't worry, I won't rely too much on your strength. I will walk the road here step by step." Xiao Yan said with a slight smile. Today's Xiao Yan has many means on his body, and with the addition of the dark warrior, I am afraid that the ultimate combat power will be reduced. It is the middle stage of Eight Star Fighting Immortals.

"The army rests here, remember to hide your breath."

"Xuan Yuan, the army is temporarily handed over to you, Tianhu Yaoshuai, let's go."

"Let's go and see the situation here After the handover, Xiao Yan chose to set up camp in a rather low-lying basin, and then nodded slightly.

"Okay." Xuan Yuan and Tianhu agreed at the same time, and immediately retreated.

Xuan Yuan, the strongest among the nine great demon generals, who has the perfect strength of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, is not too bad, and can provoke a major role.

"Brother Xiao Yan, I think your move is a bit..." Just after leaving the army, the two walked on a quiet path, surrounded by countless demonic and evil auras, which was quite dark, Tianhu looked at Xiao Yan suspiciously and said. .

"There is a good number of troops in front, I don't know if it is the elite of the evil-eyed demon king."

"However, I remember that the overall strength of the evil-eyed demon king is several times stronger than that of the Myriad Demon Kingdom, so..." Xiao Yan smiled, but there was a confidence in his smile that did not match his strength, as if he had What to rely on in general.

"With our strength alone, none of the seven demons can't be defeated, because among the seven demon kings, the number of demon beast armies starts with at least 100,000, and the demon king's strength also ranges from the late Eight Star Fighting Immortals to Consummation. It’s not like our thousand elites.” Tianhu thought for a while, his snow-white tail swayed behind him, obviously shocked by Xiao Yan’s understatement.

"Let's go, let's go meet this army." After that, Xiao Yan didn't care what the Heavenly Fox Demon Commander was, he moved his body and led him towards the distance.

"Gulu, this guy..." Being like this by Xiao Yan, Tianhu Yaoshuai also felt a shock and madness in his heart! !

Is this Xiao Yan an arrogant and ignorant person or a thoughtful person?

However, Tianhu Yaoshuai was quite satisfied with Xiao Yan's resolute actions.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: