Chapter 70: Method!

"What else can I do?"

"Aren't you going to kill me to get Yang? Come on, I can't beat you now anyway." Xiao Yan also said helplessly.

Su Xueying's eyes were also slightly wrinkled. She didn't expect Xiao Yan to hold such vengeance, but it was her own fault just now, and she was silent immediately...

Xiao Yan also only expressed his anger. Not only did this woman have a good appearance, but her strength was also too strong, so Xiao Yan could not push her too hard.

Later, he also recalled the traces of yin and yang power in his body that his master, the Golden Dragon King, said.

I remember back in the days when I was on the Great Plains of the Black Territory on the Dou Qi Continent, when I obtained three thousand thunderbolts, I also got a seventh-grade medicinal pill, Yin-Yang Xuanlong Pill, refined by my **** senior brother Yao Feng.

"It is said that when this elixir was made, a vision appeared in the sky. Two dragon souls, one yin and one yang, shot straight into the sky from the cauldron, intertwined with each other, and finally condensed into the elixir body..."

"And the effect of Yin-Yang Profound Dragon Pill Earth is not to directly improve one's strength, but... to break through!"

"If someone takes this Yin-Yang Profound Dragon Pill in the future, when he is seriously injured or his life is on the verge of dying, if he is lucky, this thing will give you the opportunity to break through. It makes people feel like they are transformed, no matter their body, soul or even fighting spirit, they can all reach a higher level!"

In other words, as long as someone eats it, even if the body is fatally injured in the future, there is no need to worry about life, because maybe, this is your complete transformation!

And after that, he went to rescue his master Yao Lao, and was seriously injured by the old ghost Zhanxing Xingxing, and then he used the magical effect of Yin-Yang Xuanlong Pill!

Break and stand!

Successfully advanced to Dou Zun!

And when Xiao Yan was promoted to Dou Zun at that time, he also consumed the efficacy of this one-time Yin-Yang Xuanlong Pill, but even if the efficacy of this pill was consumed, there was still some Yin-Yang power remaining in Xiao Yan's body. in vivo.

Xiao Yan was stunned.

"Master, how can I draw out the weak yin and yang power in my body now?" Xiao Yan also figured out the reason and asked.

"According to what you said, Xiao Yanzi, you devoured a seventh-grade medicinal pill Yin-Yang Profound Dragon Pill, and thus possessed a trace of Yin-Yang Qi, then the best way now is to swallow a drop of the bloodthirsty dragon you have just recovered from. The blood essence obtained from the lizard is also a dragon-type beast, so it should be able to draw out the traces of yin and yang power in your body." The Golden Dragon King also thought for a while and then said.

Xiao Yan also saw that Su Xueying, who had been guarding herself a little at first, seemed to have gradually let go of her guard, and her eyes were slightly wrinkled as she was uncertain.

"Su Guliang, don't worry, I have a way to resolve this yin and yang problem, and I don't need to combine yin and yang." Xiao Yan also looked helplessly at the Qinglian woman in front of him. From her words and his master, she knew that she would definitely be with her. His family has a lot of roots.

Xiao Yan gently took out a jade bottle, and then caught the scarlet blood with the palm of the milky white flame. Then he breathed a sigh of relief, and looked down at the scarlet blood that was burning in the milky white flame's hand.

Xiao Yi on Xiao Yan’s shoulder was also babbling non-stop. Since Xiao Yi merged the twenty-three kinds of different fire sources on the Dou Qi Continent, her intelligence is the same as that of a normal person, but after coming to Dou Di Continent He seldom spoke, and Xiao Yan was also very surprised.

Su Xueying is also thinking about how to solve the problem of Yin and Yang. Although it has been suppressed for the time being, if she does not find a solution, she will repeat the same mistakes...

Su Xueying also stared at the latter after Xiao Yan spoke, as if the latter had something to do. Then he saw that the scarlet blood on Xiao Yan's palm was slowly burning.

With Su Xueying's eyesight, she could naturally see the extraordinaryness of this drop of blood essence. The terrifying power contained in it was clearly the blood of dragon monsters, and her beautiful eyes moved slightly, and she didn't know what Xiao Yan was going to do.

Xiao Yan was overjoyed as he watched the drop of scarlet blood in the palm of his hand slowly begin to melt and fall off.

This blood contains the extremely violent power of the magic dragon. This thing cannot be used indiscriminately, otherwise, it will definitely make him fall into the tragedy of body explosion, but this is nothing to Xiao Yan. The problem is that he is an alchemist himself, and he is quite reconciled with the violent factor in these energies. As long as he is given enough time, at that time, he will be able to absorb all the blood safely.

Moreover, this burning blood of the bloodthirsty dragon lizard is also to use its natural talent, bloodthirsty.

Because only in this way can the traces of yin and yang in Xiao Yan be awakened.

Xiao Yan also looked at the pain, these seven drops were enough to cast the bloodthirsty form of bloodthirsty dragon, the blood essence, which was comparable to the blood of a five-star fighting emperor, so using one drop like this, because of Xiao Yan's temperament, he couldn't help it. Flesh pain. This is the means of destiny.

"Boom boom boom!"

A drop of blood essence from the bloodthirsty dragon lizard was refined by Xiao Yan's milky white flame in a short time.

The scarlet blood slowly spread from Xiao Yan's palm to the whole body.

Then a layer of scarlet light shield visible to the naked eye appeared on Xiao Yan's body and Xiao Yan was also wrapped tightly.

When Su Xueying saw Xiao Yan's appearance, she couldn't help being surprised.

Because with her current strength, it is also very difficult to deal with the light shield on Xiao Yan's body. She can feel that Xiao Yan's light shield at this time has a huge power, although he did not have a complete victory period. She would be afraid, but she obviously didn't have that power at this time.

A drop of blood essence of the bloodthirsty dragon lizard was refined by Xiao Yan, and when the scarlet photovoltaic covered the whole body, a loud dragon roar came from Xiao Yan's side. To be precise, which light shield came from. of.

As the dragon's roar came out, some forces in Xiao Yan's body also resonated in bursts, and the two forces gradually awakened and emerged slowly.

"Boom boom boom!"

A force of pure yin and a force of pure yang suddenly appeared in Xiao Yan's palm. Although it was weak, it was enough to cope with the situation in front of him.

Su Xueying stared blankly at the two forces in Xiao Yan's palm, one seemed to be the same pure yin force as the white yin and yang heart she had just swallowed, and the other was the pure yang of the black yin and yang heart that Xiao Yan had swallowed. The power is the same!

"Success!"

"It will be easy to do next."

Xiao Yan also wiped away his sweat, saying that using the blood of the bloodthirsty dragon lizard to resonate with the Yin-Yang Profound Dragon Pill swallowed by himself also has the possibility of failure. If it fails, then it can only...

Fortunately, he succeeded.

Then he threw the pure yang power in his hand at Su Xueying, because Xiao Yan still had many family mysteries that he had yet to solve.

Xiao Yan also had a small calculation in his heart. Since his master, the Golden Dragon King, didn't say it, then Su Xueying should say it.