Chapter Vol 4 1511: The 4-star Douxian completes the poisonous brake!

"Huhu, is this the space rift leading to the land of the sealed Poison Temple Demon Empress?"

"It seems that the purpose of this ghost is really for the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple." Looking at the tiny cracks on the Pillar of Optimus composed of countless gloomy ghosts, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say.

"I always think it's weird, this ancient formation is too easy, and even if you enter through a crack, I'm afraid there is some tyrannical force of imprisonment, which is more powerful than this." At that time, the Lord of Soul Eater said.

"Weng Om Om!" The soul evildoer didn't hesitate, his body turned into a black light beam, and then suddenly went towards the small crack on the Pillar of Optimus.

"Xiao Gui, follow." Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't have time to think about it, so he followed Xiao Gui at the same time.

Outside the Qiankun Formation.

With the four heroes of the Hidden Soul Society leading their subordinates, the Soul Hall powerhouses, and the Earth Spirit Blood Generals, they fought fiercely with the eight top ten powerhouses in the standings.

Suddenly, the situation became extremely hot for a while. Even with the help of Du Qifei and others, the powerhouses from the four continents were indistinguishable. time issue.

"Hahaha!"

"It's just the same for the powerhouses of the four continents. This time, you will all die!" After a while, Mo Tianxing, the leader of the Hidden Soul Society, temporarily repelled his opponent Hei Jue, and then snorted.

"You stop them!"

"I'll go inside and take a look. This time, we must get what we need to save my lord!" After Mo Tianxing finished speaking, he immediately walked towards the Qiankun Ancient Array.

"Where are you running!" After a while, a shadowy figure bathed in silver thunder suddenly caught up with Mo Tianxing, and then the thunder all over his body squirmed and snorted coldly.

"Damn..." Although Mo Tianxing said that his strength was about to set foot on the four-star Dou Xian, he did not dare to take it lightly when faced with Duan Qifei, so he could only hold on temporarily.

And the battles in many other places were also temporarily stalemate, and the battle was inextricable for a while.

Inside the Qiankun Ancient Array, inside the Pillar of Optimus.

"This... There is actually another seal formation in the Pillar of Optimus in this ancient Qiankun formation?" Suddenly, the Lord of Soul Eater was extremely shocked when he poured into the Pillar of Optimus, but he did not let Xiao Yan knows.

After Xiao Yan and the two entered the Pillar of Optimus, a terrifying scene flooded into their hearts.

I saw that the space in front of the two of them was a dead space that was extremely dark and no one had any vitality.

In the center of the dim space, a turquoise light emerged, and around that green light, even the energy of heaven and earth was insignificant, and even the energy was imprisoned, as if something existed.

After all, the two of them were enveloped by Xiao Yan's soul power. In addition, the soul evil's attention was all on the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple at this time, so they didn't notice Xiao Yan and the others for a while.

"This is... the inside of the Qiankun Ancient Array?"

"According to the information I got, it seems that the Earth Poison Temple will guard the Demon Queen of the Poison Temple, and the strength of the Earth Poison Temple at its peak is comparable to that of a human five-star Fighting Immortal, but now, under the suppression of the Qiankun Ancient Array, it has dropped to The four-star fighting immortal is complete."

"Although the Earth Poison Temple is not as tyrannical as the Sky Poison Temple, he has obtained the guidance of the Poison Temple Demon Empress, and he is very skilled in the use of poison art." Just after entering this place, the ghosts did not move easily, entrenched in the void above the mouth constantly. He murmured, and even his eyes slowly stared at a turquoise space far away from him. There, the soul was shocked to feel an extremely terrifying fluctuation. I am afraid that only the poisonous demon queen can have that kind of fluctuation. That kind of breath seems to be completely isolated by some power, like a repressive seal.

"Susu!"

"For thousands of years, there are still human beings who dare to enter the ancient Qiankun formation!"

"No, the breath on your body is not right... Soul body?" Suddenly, in the dim space, a laughter that seemed to penetrate the soul slowly sounded, and when the sound sounded, the entire space burst out. An extremely terrifying trembling.

"Didusha..." Hunxie didn't panic at this time, his eyes slowly turned, but he couldn't find the figure of Didusha, so he spoke indifferently, as if he was dismissive of Didusha.

"Soul Palace?" After a short while, there was a cold snort in the dark space.

"Didusha, this deity doesn't want to talk nonsense with you!"

"Quickly show up and let the Demon Empress of Poison Brahma return to our Soul Palace, and the deity can spare you from dying." The soul evil glanced indifferently at the dim space, and opened his mouth, as if he had some extreme self-confidence.

"A mere soul hall... You are not worthy to carry shoes for my king!"

"Hahaha!"

"Suffer to death!" In an instant, as the voice fell, a certain void in the dark space suddenly wriggled, and then a strange figure suddenly appeared.

"This is the Earth Poison Brake?" Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui hid in the dark, their eyes slowly staring at the figure emerging from the void, but when they saw this guy, their hearts couldn't help being shocked.

The appearance of the Earth Poison Temple is actually the same as that of a human being. The sharp-edged facial features are broken into a well-proportioned body, but there are green fighting qi around him, constantly haunting it. Above that fighting qi, Xiao Yan was aware of a deadly poison that was no less than that of Queen Medusa's Cailin. Obviously, this guy was also a strong practitioner of poison art.

"Boom boom boom!" The Earth Poison Brake just appeared, without any hesitation, the green fighting spirit on his body instantly turned into an evil ghost, roaring away at the ghost.

Seeing this, even though he felt the dazzling danger, he did not flinch. On the palm of his hand, a black knife lingered, and even a bottle of high-quality jade bottle appeared on the other hand. On the jade bottle, a drop of scarlet The blood of his blood was beating vigorously, and the pure energy contained in the blood would probably not be lost to a real four-star fighting immortal powerhouse.

"Tick tock." After a short while, the soul smashed the jade bottle directly Immediately, scarlet blood dripped gently on the black knife.

"Weng Om!" With the injection of this drop of blood, the black knife suddenly seemed to have wisdom, and bursts of lamentation erupted rapidly, and even the gloomy power above the black knife was like a tide. Immediately attacked the ground poisonous brake.

"Hum!" The evil ghost of Didusha was wiped out in an instant after touching the black knife of the ghost.

"Empowering spirits with blood, the art of soul casting... The powerhouses of the Soul Palace are indeed tyrannical."

"But..." After speaking, in this dim void, bursts of foul smell suddenly emerged, and suddenly a deadly energy viper suddenly emerged from the void.

"Hehe, I want my soul evil to suffer, but I'm wrong!" In an instant, facing such a tyrannical attack from the ground poisonous brake, the soul evil did not hesitate, the corner of his mouth smiled strangely, and the bright black knife pointed directly at a certain area in the dark space. The place where the black knife attacked was actually the place where Xiao Yan and the other were hiding!

"It's not good!" But Xiao Yan, who had been hiding in the dark, had a chill in his eyes when he saw the ghost's move. Obviously, Xiao Yan knew that his figure might have been discovered by the ghost, and he immediately pulled Xiao Gui and backed away abruptly. , As for the figure of the ghost, it is facing the turquoise space where the poisonous demon queen is sealed.

"It's troublesome... the four-star Dou Xian's complete Earth Poison Temple." Xiao Yan said solemnly, seeing the countless ferocious poisonous snakes in the void facing Xiao Yan and the two men aggressively, and adding the Earth Poison Temple staring at him in front of him. .

It's just that this Poison Temple seems to have no precautions against the actions of the ghost, and it is actually allowed to go to the Poison Temple Demon Empress!