Chapter Vol 4 1714: Sacrifice Summons, King of Ghosts!

"What a strange place, there are no guards here..." Xiao Yan and You Er came to the north of one of the four temples, most likely the place where Li Hun retreated, and immediately said.

"After entering for a while, eat this thing." After a while, looking at the majestic temple in front of him, on the palm of You Er's hand, a phantom-like medicinal pill was thrown at Xiao Yan.

This seal can obviously isolate the influence of some ghosts on the two.

"Pfft." Xiao Yan swallowed it without any hesitation, his figure turned into a smear of black flame, and entered the temple one after another with You Er directly. Try it out.

There are four temples above the desert hinterland, the northernmost temple.

"What a weird temple... There are so many crystals and Xeon aura pervading, it seems that this is the right place." Hun Mietian stood in front of Xiao Yan and the two of them and rushed into the temple first. A passage, and the inside of the passage is paved with countless swallowing flame crystals, and he couldn't help muttering.

Under the coverage of these crystals, there seems to be a special wave.

The black breath was wrapped in black robes, and at this time Soul Mietian was always vigilant.

"Hey!" With a sound, Soul Mietian went directly to the core of the temple.

At the core of the temple, this is a huge closed space. Most of the space is flat ground, but the prohibition contained on the ground makes Soul Mietian feel a shock, and somewhere in the flat ground is sunken, and there is a A small blue island like a lake.

The azure island was surrounded by azure water. When Soul Destruction Lian saw the azure water for the first time, a cold aura was involuntarily produced in the body. It actually formed a crystal wall directly!

A beautiful sedan chair was wrapped by a crystal wall, and inside it, a pink flame flickered slightly.

Because of the red flame-swallowing crystals and the exquisite sedan chair, the pink flame looks extremely mysterious, and the flames rise like a pink liquid that slowly spreads, and there is a faint energy ripple all over the body, like water waves.

And the blue water around the island tightly wrapped the island, like protection, but also to cover up the breath of the holy flame.

"Where's the Lord of Li Soul?" Soul Mietian was hiding under the black robe at this time, and a pair of twinkling eyes in the black robe couldn't help but stare at the island in front of him.

"Hehe, a guy like you came here." After a while, countless fiery red swallowing crystals erupted in bright pink liquids in the entire space, directly imprisoning and shrouding the space, with a touch of incomparable. The sound emerges like the master of this space!

"Lord Li Soul..." Although Soul Mietian had expected it for a long time, he still muttered when he looked at the illusory figure on the island.

"The eyesight is good, but it's a pity that today's you will completely fall here." The illusory black shadow smiled slightly, and he naturally noticed the fiery gaze in the soul-destroying black robe, but at the same time, Li Soulzhi There was also a majestic killing intent in the main body.

Acacia and broken enteritis is already the biggest secret, this kind of action of the soul destroying the sky is tantamount to sending death.

"Soul Heaven Sword Lock!" Seeing that the entire void was completely imprisoned, Soul Mietian didn't hesitate, the black robe was torn open, revealing the countless black lines attached to the surface of his soul body, which were particularly eye-catching like worms .

"Oh……"

"Ancient Black Marks?" Although the illusory Lord of Souls was surprised, a gloomy sneer emerged from the corner of his mouth after a while, and even the dark ghost in his body rushed out like a flood.

The Master of Soul Li was already in a state of extreme tension. With the addition of his eight-star fighting immortal-level power, it was naturally easy to deal with Soul Destruction.

However, what the Lord of Soul Li didn't expect was that the Seven Star Fighting Immortals in the Soul Destruction Heaven area could actually enter here. If it wasn't for some unusual means, I'm afraid there was a traitor from the West Temple, and it was obvious that this guy belonged to the former.

"The guy from the ghost kingdom is also trying to interfere with the affairs of my soul domain."

"After I succeed in breaking through, I will definitely go to the ghost kingdom and let you know what real power is!"

"Boom!" Roaring like a fierce beast, the swarthy ghostly energy all over the Lord of Li Soul's body revealed the coercion of the superior.

"This aura doesn't look like something that can be possessed by the perfection level of Eight Star Dou Xian..."

"so……"

"Dark patterns, welcome my king!" An angry roar emerged like thunder, so the countless patterns on the soul body of Soul Mietian were violently burned by a faint light, and even the power of Soul Mietian suddenly disappeared, but there was a A more powerful force awakened in its body.

"Hoohoo."

"Lord of Soul Li, I haven't seen you for a long time." After a while, Soul Mietian's body disappeared completely, replaced by a black gas hidden in the black blood mist.

"The King of Ten Thousand Ghosts?"

"It's really worth it to let your own body come here at the cost of a big soul." Looking at the gloomy atmosphere in the blood mist, the master of the soul sneered.

"Each each other."

"As long as it's all worth it, what's the harm in sacrificing some chips?" A disapproving voice came from Zaidu in the blood mist.

The king of ghosts!

The ruler of the ghost kingdom among the many regions of the ghost world!

"bring it on!"

"Let me see Eight-star Fighting Immortal Perfection Level Soul Master, how tyrannical it is."

"If you lose today, I will take over Li Hunyu instead of you."

"Susu!" As soon as the voice fell, the black air in the blood mist suddenly turned into a blurred figure, the pale palm directly from the depths of the sleeve, the blood mist surged, and a fierce palm print of a thousand feet, facing the The Master of Li Soul took a photo.

"Huhu." Looking at such a tyrannical blow, the Lord of Li Soul didn't do anything, just a casual glance, and the gloomy ghost energy around him directly drowned it and completely swallowed it!

"Your strength is only in the middle of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, and the supreme ruler of the dignified ghost kingdom is coming. Isn't this self-defeating?" Without any intention to take action, the Lord of Li Soul still stood silently, while the gloomy His eyes slowly stared at the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts who was also surrounded by ghosts in front of him.

"Yeah, so I specially prepared a big gift for you."

"I hope you will like it." The voice fell, and clouds of black mist burst out from the body of the King of Ghosts like spring water, filling the entire closed temple with ease.

At this moment, it was extremely gloomy, like a real doomsday scene.

"I hope you don't let me down." Seeing the Wangui King's means, Lord Li Soul glanced at the pink flame and the exquisite sedan chair under his feet. The two were slowly merging. At the last moment, he looked A glance outside the hall said.

It seems that the Lord of Li Soul is deliberately delaying time, and he doesn't seem to be afraid of the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts or other powerhouses destroying his breakthrough... Instead, it is more like the Lord of Li Soul is waiting for something!

At this time, standing in the temple, outside the two-person space, there are only Xiao Yan and the two!

It seems that the voice of the master of the soul is the same as what it said to Xiao Yan and the two!