Chapter Vol 4 1868: The journey to the demon world, open!

"Next... is to go to the demon world." In the hall of immortality, Xiao Yan slowly stood above the void of the hall, and the corner of his mouth murmured.

As for this immortal emperor, he is also a character who can use his immortal golden body to stop two three-star fighting immortal-level exalted foreigners, all relying on immortal flame and immortal golden body.

Moreover, Xiao Yan found that the immortal golden body seems to be a fighting skill without actual grades, because it is enough to resist the three-star fighting immortal level just from the hands of the immortal emperor who is at the peak of the fighting emperor. It goes without saying.

Of course, don’t underestimate the Immortal Emperor. If you look at the tyrannical level of the body, I am afraid that Xiao Yan can’t compare to the former. Therefore, this is also the tyrannical aspect of the Immortal Golden Body. This is the reason why it can simply rely on the peak strength of Dou Di to fight against the Dou Xian evil clan.

As for the so-called Dou Emperor's body, it has been transformed into the predecessor of the immortal golden body, and the two are completely integrated.

"It's not too late, let's go now."

"It happens that the strength is skyrocketing now, so going to the demon world is also a good choice. First, you can increase your strength, and second, it is also to solve the demon emperor's affairs and avoid the Holy See's investigation. I am afraid there will be a battle in the future." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

After he finished speaking, he carefully searched in his own ring for the item that Heishan Longlang gave him.

A dark green demon pill, this thing is only the size of a palm, and an extremely terrifying energy permeates it.

"I hope all this trip to the demon world will allow me to truly provoke the backbone of the endless fire realm." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he slowly squeezed the dark green demon pill in his hand.

"Hush!" With a sound, the void of the Immortal Hall shook and absorbed Xiao Yan in an instant, and the place was returning to quiet. As for Xiao Yan, he followed this void and headed towards the demon world.

On the other side, a place of nothingness.

"Demon of Light, you've got nowhere to go, so just grab it." At this time, in this dim and empty space, three groups of black shadows surrounded the Demon of Light, and that level of oppression was obviously not necessary for the Eight-star Fighting Immortals!

"Damn... This bastard, the devil of darkness, has been deceiving me from the beginning to the end!" The devil of light looked at the three groups of black energy in front of him, and immediately understood that these three guys were also the three kings of the foreign evil race. Level powerhouse!

Their single strength may not be as good as their own, but with the blessing of the three, even if they are themselves, there is nothing they can do. As for the demon guards and personal guards around them, they have dispersed to resist other tyrannical foreign evil races, and they cannot withdraw at this time.

It's just that she now knows that the demon emperor has not fallen, so even if she is burdened with the reviled charges of ten people, the demon of light will not be caught without her hands. Her long-cherished wish is only to be able to be with the demon emperor.

"Do it, betray the evil race outside the territory, and only use her blood and soul as the price!" The three king-level powerhouses snorted coldly at the same time, and the strong evil power around them was accompanied by a hidden ripple, which permeated the air. This piece of void is completely shrouded, and the cold, dark and depressing atmosphere renders it like a real doomsday purgatory.

"Wong Buzz!"

"Damn...how come this time?" In an instant, a magnificent half-dragon and half-wolf figure emerged beside the Demon of Light, protecting the Demon of Light, but a gentle green light flickered on its head.

That is the body of the Heisha Dragon Wolf, and the top part of its head is clearly a light group that senses Xiao Yan, but now that the demon of light is being attacked on the back, Xiao Yan crushes the demon pill at this time, and the Heisha Dragon Wolf can't go to pick it up. Induce Xiao Yan.

The human realm is different from the demon realm. Without the leadership of the black dragon wolf, Xiao Yan may have to take a lot of detours.

"Black Fiend Dragon Wolf?" The Demon of Light exclaimed.

"Damn... No one is picking up Xiao Yan, I'm afraid this will waste a lot of time and miscalculate."

"Mistress, come with me!" Heishan Longlang was not a hesitant either. He knew that the two of them would not be able to deal with the three kings of the three foreign evil races. .

"Where to run!"

"Follow me!" The three kings shouted loudly, and the dazzling energy permeated out, and the fluctuation of that level was enough to move people.

"The three black-level kings among the foreign evil races, and the demon of light jointly wanted by the Holy See... but they are qualified enough for me to take action." And just when the five breaths were arguing, at the end of the void, a A woman spoke softly.

A white dress outlines her graceful figure, and looking along the white dress, behind her dress, a pair of wings as white as snow slowly instigate, even because of the instigation of those wings, this empty space All filled with anxiety!

The divine breath erodes and purifies countless evil forces, extremely pure!

And looking at it along its beautiful figure, behind it, a strange scene that surpasses the sky and the earth fills the air!

Four wings... an angel!

And in this battle, it is still unknown who will die in the end.

...

the other side.

"Hey, what about people?" Xiao Yan had just been sucked into this place by the void, and after waiting for a long time, he didn't find the figure of the Heisha Dragon Wolf, and even no breath appeared, he couldn't help frowning.

Ordinary space channels can carry out small-distance teleportation, and the channels similar to those in the two realms are called time-space wormholes, and those like Xiao Yan who want to enter the demon world from the human world Douyun continent are called time-space rifts. Among them, it is extremely dangerous, unless the eight-star fighting immortals are strong enough to protect themselves.

Now Xiao Yan is in the crack of time and space, the invisible space storm is deafening, Xiao Yan has no doubt that if he is involved in it, he will have to peel off his skin if he doesn't die.

"..." After using his strength to resist the space storm for a while, Xiao Yan's complexion changed dramatically. This strength has gone beyond the scope that Xiao Yan can handle. If it continues like this...

"It doesn't matter, I still know the basic orientation of the demon world. I can only take a step by step." Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't dare to stay too long. And go.

Among the seven realms, they used to covet the resources and territories of other realms There were constant wars, so in order to maintain the order of each realm, the seven realms set up seals on the edges of their respective realms. One is to divide the region, and the other is to prevent the turmoil caused by some unscrupulous people entering other realms.

And only some great powers can ignore this seal and enter and leave freely. Although the space-time cracks can escape the supervision of the superiors and enter other realms silently, they will relatively be discovered by some top forces in their respective realms.

"There is a flaw in the void of Douyun Continent, and someone has entered the demon world?" At this time, in a room at the top of the Holy See, a noble old woman's lazy eyes flashed with doubts.

As for Xiao Yan, at this time, he was going through an incomparably fierce crack in time and space, heading towards the demon world. If it weren't for the fact that Xiao Yan's fighting power had skyrocketed, the power of the crushing breath in the crack of time and space would be enough to crush Xiao Yan into powder.

Originally, Xiao Yan thought that with the help of the Heisha Dragon Wolf, he entered the demon world to lift the seal of the Demon Emperor, and thus found the power of immortality and immortality. The time required is probably very short, but now it seems that something happened to the Heisha Dragon Wolf. There seems to be something wrong with this trip to the demon world.

Of course, at this moment, the trip to the demon world has completely set off. This trip to the demon world can be described as extremely exciting.