Chapter Vol 4 1955: Dumb eats berberine, bitter!

Are you... Xiao Yan? "When this beautiful girl walking in the air stared at the black-shirted man who slowly appeared from the spring pool below, the memories that had long been sealed, like spring water, reappeared in Qianying's heart, and her cold face immediately endured. There was no trace of emotion.

After all, neither Xiao Yan nor Su Xueying's faces and figures have changed much. With the "intimate" contact between them, they are naturally very familiar with each other.

"Well... I'm sorry for being a bit abrupt." Xiao Yan smiled slightly, with a hint of apology. Obviously, this scene was not what he wanted.

But I have to say that Su Xueying today is not much different from what she has seen before.

At this time, Su Xueying's smooth jade feet revealed a kind of charm that was close to deformity. With a graceful arc staggered up and down, she stepped lightly in the mid-empty space, very elegant, and her figure was protected by the ice armor shackles. , is as fascinating as the most exquisite jade, with a little coldness and surprise on its cheeks, and the two interlaced, it turned out that its nearly perfect cheek contour was completely exposed.

"Be careful!" In an instant, although Su Xueying was extremely suspicious and angry in her body, she was slightly chilled when she saw the countless ice silk attacks roaring away at Xiao Yan.

An attack of that level is enough to cause real lethality among the Six Star Fighting Immortals. Although she and the Xiao clan have many grudges, she still clearly distinguishes between public and private.

After the breath, the crescent eyebrows wrinkled, the jade hand squeezed lightly, trying to take back the flame ice silk, but found that the energy has been out of his control, I am afraid it is too late.

"Dong, dong, dong!" The ice strands condensed by Youqing Wanhanyan, who ranked 23rd on the Sacred Flame List, directly hit Xiao Yan's soul power, and a harsh voice resounded throughout the medicine garden. Among them, the strange thing is that no matter how fierce and fierce this ice silk flame is, it cannot give Xiao Yan the slightest oppression!

"You..." After a few minutes, all the attacks dissipated, but seeing that Xiao Yan was unscathed, Su Xueying couldn't help but wonder.

Now that his power has reached the middle stage of the Six-Star Fighting Immortals, he will break through the Six-Star and reach the Seven-Star in time, and his attack is also mixed with the power of the Holy Flame. Such a terrifying power hit Xiao Yan, but it was not on him. Leaving any conspicuous scars, Su Xueying, who has always been cold and arrogant, can't help but slowly become colder!

If it were an ordinary person, it would be fine, but the guy in front of him was clearly a descendant of the Xiao family who had an agreement with him, Xiao Yan, which made Su Xueying even more angry and hated.

After a while, Su Xueying's slender eyelashes flickered slightly, and she looked at Xiao Yan below, but her heart turned violent.

Judging from the strength of Xiao Yan just now, it is enough to explain two points.

Either Xiao Yan's real strength has surpassed her, or Xiao Yan is a strong person who mainly cultivates physical or soul power, but according to Su Xueying's perception, Xiao Yan's situation is most likely the first.

"The one-hundred-year appointment, I am here as scheduled."

"I hope the girl will tell me all the secrets of the Xiao family." Taking advantage of this girl's surprise, Xiao Yan hurriedly changed the subject.

After all, at the beginning, this guy had a lot of complaints about his identity and the character of the Xiao clan, and now the way the two meet is so funny, if it goes on like this, I am afraid there is no way to clear the Xiao clan's position in his mind. .

After all, Xiao Yan's helpless act just now was no less than breaking into a boudoir that had not left the boudoir. The severity of that, I am afraid that with Su Xueying's character, Xiao Yan's corpse would be broken into ten thousand pieces.

"A 100-year appointment?" Su Xueying heard the words, her icy eyes glanced at Xiao Yan, and then she spoke without a wave, and her voice was filled with contempt.

"No, I'll take care of everything for you."

"As for the secrets of the Xiao clan, you don't need to know, so you can go back." After Shun breathed, Su Xueying's eyes flashed with a frightening vigilance, and she fixed her eyes on Xiao Yan. Obviously, after a short period of surprise, she had already remembered When Xiao Yan just broke into his own medicine bath very strangely, adding that he hated Xiao Yan at first, the disgust under the vigilance at this time is very obvious.

"What happened just now is a last resort. In fact, I came from the lotus leaf space. I was attacked when I was in the bone mountain just now, so I was so reckless." Seeing Su Xueying's disgusted expression, Xiao Yan also scratched his head and explained.

There must be some misunderstanding between the Xiao clan and the guardian, and now if Xiao Yan does not explain this matter clearly, I am afraid that this guy will more firmly believe that the people of the Xiao clan are like this, so Xiao Yan can only bite the bullet.

"Assault?"

"Xiao Yan, I think that you are a descendant of the blood of the Xiao family. In the past, I could not care about you..." Su Xueying said slowly as if she had the chance to win.

"That really couldn't be better..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and immediately prepared to laugh, but before his voice fell, Su Xueying opened her mouth.

"But you broke into the medicine garden for no reason and ruined my innocence, what's your explanation?" The next moment, Su Xueying was surrounded by ice chips with extremely hot fluctuations, guarding against Xiao Yan.

The soul power Xiao Yan showed just now was even more tyrannical than himself. Su Xueying did not believe that Xiao Yan, a descendant of the Xiao family, would be a gentleman!

And every time she thinks of this, Su Xueying is extremely depressed. She is such a beautiful lady, how can she be so unlucky every time she encounters Xiao Yan?

Decades ago, he left here and went out to improve his strength. Xiao Yan almost did something that people and gods were angry with. Now Xiao Yan has seen him and ruined his innocence. This made Su Xueying's killing intent towards Xiao Yan even more surging.

Su Xueying's strength, talent, and even beauty are among the best among the younger generation of Guardians. She also hopes to provoke the thing the Guardian is guarding, to stabilize the world, and she can experience a world in the world. Love, hate, hatred, but how could it be destroyed by Xiao Yan twice!

"The descendants of the Xiao family are all despicable and shameless bastards!"

"Give me death!" An extremely angry and light voice sounded slowly, and energy overflowed everywhere in the entire medicine garden, and circles of blue ice flames, like a storm tide , suddenly roared away at Xiao Yan, the terrifying power contained in it, I am afraid that the six-star Douxian perfection powerhouse will not give in too much.

"What's the situation?" Xiao Yan stood helplessly on the edge of the water, staring at Su Xueying's stern attack, and almost wanted to scold Nüliang, what happened to this girl?

However, Xiao Yan naturally didn't know what Su Xueying was thinking.

"Boom!" The power of cold was extremely hot, and two completely different forces wrapped the entire medicine pool, and immediately ate away the soul power of Xiao Yan!

"Su Xueying!"

"This is a misunderstanding!" Xiao Yan used the power in his body and found that the fighting qi and holy flame in his body could barely be used, but they were not enough to resist an attack of this level. I'm afraid it would take a long time to fully recover, so he couldn't help roaring. road.

Because at this time Xiao Yan really felt the monstrous murderous aura from Su Xueying's fierce offensive!

Tell me what you discussed in this chapter this morning

Eight stars run all over the place, even nine stars to the final peak, for sure, people can only contact more when they stand high

To make an analogy, you entered the city's No. 1 high school with double 100 in elementary school. You think you are very good, but you forget that everyone who can enter here is the same as you who can almost double 100. Even later, you entered Tsinghua University and Peking University. , everyone is the top talent in their respective places, their strength and talent are similar, and the rest is just a matter of opportunity

So it's the same, pig's feet can only be stronger when the strength is high, don't you understand? ? ?

After all, it is the whole world.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: