Chapter Vol 4 1343: Fight Hua Fei!

With the progress of the top five competition, Xiao Yan, Yun Qi, and Hua Fei successively advanced to the top five, and then two of them successfully advanced to the top five with the power of fairyland soul, so the semi-finals began.

And because the number of applicants for the second stage was too small, Lei He announced that this time the competition will be played from the beginning until all the competitions are over. Although it will be unfair to some contestants, but on the premise that most people agree, the competition will be completed. Still proceeding in an orderly manner.

"Then the semi-finals!"

"Among the five of you, you are already the top five in the second stage. Now the semi-finals will start. If anyone doesn't want to compete, it's fine to just quit and keep the ranking." Lei He made it clear that he wanted to compete for the top five first. Only to compete for the top five to ten.

Following Lei He's words, the dozens of people present were quieted down. Obviously, the five powerhouses who have advanced to the top five at this time are not fuel-efficient lamps.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Alas... I abstain." After a while, the silence lasted for a while, and was suddenly broken by a helpless voice.

"Fang Tong, have you made up your mind?" Facing the man's abstention, Lei He Zaidu asked.

"I also abstain." And just after Fang Tong said, another contestant who was also in the top five also said.

"Fang Tong, Wu Xi, have the two of you decided?" Facing the direct abstention of the two, Lei He was not too surprised. After all, among the ten powerhouses of fairyland souls, Yun Qi is the strongest. It was Hua Fei and Xue Ni, who were even as powerful as Xue Ni. Their soul power was not as good as Xue Ni's. Naturally, they didn't want to waste any more time.

"Senior, we have decided."

"Abstain." The two figures looked at each other and then laughed.

Their soul power barely reached the fairyland, and the odds of winning against Huafei were extremely small, let alone against Yunqi.

"Since that's the case, what's the controversy about the remaining three people?" He directly picked up the pen and assigned the names of the two to the fourth and fifth place, and immediately said to the three people in the field.

"No more." The three of them spoke slowly.

"Since there are only the three of us, then we don't need to draw lots, right?"

"Senior Sister Yun Qi is a genius in our Alchemist Association, and as his junior brother, [] naturally I have some responsibilities that need to be done for him."

"Brother Xiao Yan, if you want to challenge Senior Sister Yun Qi, please defeat me first!" Hua Fei said with a slight smile. Although he vaguely felt that he was not Xiao Yan's opponent, he still wanted to give it a try.

"Since there are only the three of you, as long as both parties agree, the rules can naturally be ignored."

"Xiao Yan, what are your thoughts?" Lei He opened his mouth slightly, and there was a hint of expectation in his voice.

This Hua Fei is also a disciple of the vice president of the alchemist, so it should be very exciting to meet Xiao Yan.

"I can't ask for it." Xiao Yan smiled slightly, but did not refuse. In Xiao Yan's view, defeating Hua Fei at this time was only a matter of time, because in this soul competition, the real opponent, from beginning to end, was only Yun. Pray for one person.

"You're not his opponent, give up." Seeing Hua Fei taking the initiative to fight, Yun Qi's pretty face under the tulle couldn't help but tremble a little, and then said in a low voice.

"Hey, Senior Sister, I can't lose Master's face as an old man, right?"

"Besides, even if I can't defeat him, I really want to fight him in a straight and dignified manner..."

"After all, the master said that being able to fight with equal opponents is very satisfying." Hua Fei also whispered.

"It's up to you, but if you lose, I will avenge you."

"Go." Yun Qi said.

"We've negotiated, then let's come." Xiao Yan stretched his waist, then glanced at Hua Fei who was not far away from the corner of his eye.

"The strength of this Yun Qi seems to be a little too strong... and there seems to be something familiar about Xiao Yan..." Looking at Xiao Yan at this time, a silver thunder slowly wriggled between Du Qifei's eyebrows. , While squirming, some vague memories also sprung up like bamboo shoots after a rain.

"Finally, we still have to wait for this day." The two of them had just poured into the arena, and Hua Fei's voice was filled with an air of arrogance and arrogance.

"Xiao Yan, do you know that since you came to our alchemist association's appraisal level, you have refreshed many records in our alchemist association. From that moment on, you became my opponent."

"I swear, in my whole life, I will definitely defeat you in an upright manner!" Hua Fei said enthusiastically, his voice full of desire.

"In that case, let's fight!" Xiao Yan slowly shook his head. Although Hua Fei's strength reached the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian, and his soul power also set foot in the fairyland, but he has not entered the 'Taixu' realm for a long time, so this battle is doomed from the beginning.

"The competition begins!" Lei He slowly took a few steps back and said solemnly, looking at the two who were arguing with each other.

As soon as Lei He's voice fell, Xiao Yan and Hua Fei suddenly had dazzling soul power in their bodies, and then turned into a milky white light group and appeared in front of them.

"What's the difference between the soul power..." Looking at the soul power on the surface of the two bodies in the field, Xiao Yan's soul power is clearly much more tyrannical than Hua Fei's, and everyone outside the field also knows that this Hua Fei is probably not Xiao Fire opponent!

"It's too early to be happy!" Seeing this, Hua Fei's dazzling soul power instantly formed a ferocious beast, with an extremely fierce aura, and attacked Xiao Yan.

"Huangquan Tianwu!" Xiao Yan was not prepared to hold back at all The dazzling soul power suddenly erupted, a tyrannical soul attack, impartial, and easily hit the hideous roaring towards him. Behemoth!

"Woohoo!" Although the ferocious beast was tyrannical, it was instantly disintegrated by Xiao Yan's blow.

"Damn!"

"Defense!" Seeing Xiao Yan's soul attack instantly destroying his ferocious beast, Hua Fei's heart sank, and he used the Soul Light Shield to prepare for defense.

However, when the Soul Light Shield first appeared, it did not defend the Soul Power as usual.

"This level of defense is not enough." Seeing Hua Fei's appearance like this, Xiao Yan sneered, and suddenly the dazzling soul power condensed in his hands, forming a sharp blade!

"Break it for me!" Xiao Yan shouted in a low voice, and the tool blade suddenly hit Hua Fei's defensive light shield with a destructive aura.

"Damn it!" Hua Fei saw this, and only then did he realize that his and Xiao Yan's soul power were clearly not at the same level.

"Admit defeat, don't waste your time." The next moment, Yun Qi's soul transmission entered the arena and reached Hua Fei's ears.

"I admit defeat." Hua Fei shook his head helplessly when he heard the words. After struggling for a while, he decided to quit.

"This Hua Fei is also a man of love." Seeing Hua Fei admit defeat so readily, Xiao Yan was somewhat surprised, but seeing the sincere smile on Qi's face, he immediately smiled at each other.

Although this guy said he was defeated, he was willing to defeat and did not have any intention of resenting Xiao Yan, so Hua Fei was also deeply liked by Xiao Yan.