Chapter Vol 4 1957: Mysterious coffin?

"Xiao Yan... Xiao Yan!"

"Xiao Yan!"

"Wake up!"

"You don't want to die!" A bewildered cries rang out in the medicine garden, and Su Xueyingying stood on the medicine pool, and the continuous fire attribute vindictive energy was sent into Xiao Yan's body, the two bodies fit together, looking at Xiao Yan The sluggish breath and the blood hole in his chest made him choked with distress.

The one-hundred-year appointment was actually just a space of refuge that Su Xueying gave Xiao Yan, lotus leaf, where they knew that Xiao Yan really came here!

However, the urging of the lotus leaf is at least at the level of fighting immortals, and it is impossible to use external force. How did Xiao Yan do it?

"Big...beautiful...wonderful" At this moment, an unusual agitation swept out of Xiao Yan's body, and every inch of the skin on this beautiful figure that fit his body in front of him with the power of his soul just casually swept out, seemed to be filled with Perfectly suffocating...

"Strange...why is something wrong with this guy?" Su Xueying also regained some sense of reason after resting, and immediately carefully checked Xiao Yan's situation.

Now the blood hole in Xiao Yan's chest is very obvious. Although he did not hurt the source and heart, he fell into a coma. This is obviously not in line with Su Xueying's life and learning, but from his own experience, Xiao Yan obviously cannot hold his own. Life is joking and deceiving yourself.

It's a pity that Su Xueying doesn't know that Xiao Yan already has the power of immortality and immortality. Even if his heart is broken, the impact on him is very small...

"Susu...I really know how to enjoy it." At this moment, a gloomy shadow suddenly pierced through the barrier light shield protecting the medicine pool, suspended above Su Xueying and the two of them, sneering.

Xu Shao hated Xiao Yan very much, and so did Xiao Yan, but both of them possessed unique skills, and I am afraid that there will inevitably be a fierce battle today.

"Who is it!" Su Xueying hurriedly snorted, her eyebrows wrinkled, and the bright blue holy flame swept out all over her body, which greatly lowered the temperature of the space here. Yan hugged tightly and said sternly.

Even if Xiao Yan is a first-time cripple, he is worthy of his own protection because of the blood of the Xiao family.

"The 23rd Saint Flame... But after today, everything you have will be ours."

"Go and meet them, I still have something to do." After Xu Shao finished speaking, the void behind him trembled strangely, and then a dark red coffin measuring dozens of feet suddenly appeared.

The black coffin is about a few meters long, but it is surrounded by countless ghostly ghosts, and even some extremely ancient blood inscriptions, which make it very strange.

"This guy has a lingering ghost, and he didn't see him back when he was in the demon world. Why did he go to the demon world?" Xiao Yan, who was in a coma, couldn't help but wonder in his heart.

"Boom!" Xu Shao disappeared immediately, apparently heading for a higher place. Su Xueying just wanted to chase, when she saw Xiao Yan's pale face in her arms, which revealed countless eerie and eerie expressions in the combined void. The dark red coffin of breath, there is nothing to do for a while.

"Cough...what is this place?"

"Hell or heaven?" At this moment, Xiao Yan also woke up with an extremely realistic expression, his eyes slightly opened, and he muttered weakly.

"You're not dead!" Su Xueying couldn't help but responded angrily, but her beautiful eyes slowly stared at the dark red coffin above the void. It seems that since it appeared, the void here has been imprisoned. The pressure is suppressing himself, that kind of power is obviously not something that an ordinary six-star fighting immortal can possess!

Of course, Su Xueying let go of Xiao Yan as early as when Xiao Yan's body changed, but Xiao Yan's bitter plan was quite successful. It laid the groundwork for resolving the relationship between the two forces.

"You stay here, I'll take care of this thing." With a casual swipe, Su Xueying's jade feet flashed with cyan flames, and the speed of her figure soared, and she attacked the dark red coffin directly.

"What the **** is Xu Shao doing?"

"But this thing is not something you can handle... In five minutes, my strength will be fully restored." Xiao Yan did not stop, just sat down and tried to regain control of the strength in his body. Always pay attention to Su Xueying.

And through Xiao Yan's perception, it seems that there is some kind of creature in this dark red coffin, and that level of power can be said to make Xiao Yan shudder, not to mention the weaker Su Xueying.

"Blue Flame Cold Sword!"

"Qingyan Slash!" Su Xueying jumped all over, and could only see the cyan flame and a pair of flawless jade feet flickering in the air, the cyan flame sword on the palm of the hand carrying the sacred and inviolable holy flame, facing the dark red coffin Hit hard.

"Dong dong dong!" Even with the blessing of the holy flame, Su Xueying's attack landed on the dark red coffin, without causing any energy ripples, only a rather dull voice emerged.

"What a sturdy coffin..." The blow failed, Su Xueying stayed coldly above the void, and looked at the dark red coffin, the cyan flame sword in her hand violently tossing in both temperature and strength.

"Weng buzzing!" Just at the moment when Su Xueying was puzzled the dark red coffin shook slowly, and then stood upright after resting, and even on the coffin lid that suppressed the coffin, a trace The silky blood-colored lines are like ancient and mysterious ancient texts, flashing with extremely powerful and mysterious.

"This is... the power of faith?"

"What the **** is going on?" At that time, Xiao Yan's heart was filled with monstrous waves, his eyes slowly opened, and he stared at the dark red coffin erected motionlessly!

At this moment, with that kind of power, even Xiao Yan felt his heart palpitate.

"Hey!" With a sound, the dark red coffin lid was suddenly blasted open by a smear of gray energy, and then countless gray fog enveloped the entire coffin, followed by a fierce and terrifying aura.

"This is... a human being?" After Shunxi, as the gray mist dissipated, Xiao Yan, with his dazzling soul power, saw the human being lying quietly in the coffin.

It was the body of an old man, and there was no trace of life on his body. Obviously, the corpse was perfectly preserved after his fall. However, it was this strange fluctuation that made Xiao Yan feel that something was wrong.

"This is... Lei Shi, the fourth elder of the Thunder Clan?"

"How... how is it possible?"

"This guy has been dead for thousands of years, and the corpse was perfectly stored in the Thunder Tomb of the Thunder Clan. How could it be here?" At this moment, Su Xueying's jade hand trembled slightly, and her cherry-like face couldn't help but open wide. A lot, very surprised.

"Weng buzzing!" At the moment when the two were surprised, the gray mist inside the coffin was injected into the old man's body without any leakage. Immediately, the vitality of the dead old man's body was quickly restored!

There are faint signs of awakening, and the power in his body is clearly at the level of Eight Star Fighting Immortals!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: