Chapter 634: The scheming of the grave digger!

"Since that's the case..." Seeing that the four of them insisted on going, Ling Xuan had no choice but to agree.

Although Lingxuan didn't know the power of these five-element beasts, there was no doubt that in her father's mouth, these five-element beasts were fierce beasts comparable to the seven-star fighting emperor of humans!

"Okay, take a good rest, we will leave tomorrow." Xiao Yan put away the red scroll directly.

It's just that Xiao Yan was a little surprised. The words in the red scroll only took up one-third of the place. As for the rest, are there other tasks?

It's just that Xiao Yan now has no time to think about this.

"I'll go back first. I'll come here tomorrow to gather together. The deputy hall masters and the others will organize us to go there." When Ling Xuan left, she did not forget to tell Xiao Yan and the others.

"Brother, your mission this time doesn't seem to be that simple." Following Ling Xuan's departure, Xiao Yi walked out of the room slowly and said.

"Five-element beasts are really difficult to deal with. It seems that I have to study the wood attribute of fire with wood. It is still the power of holy flame." Xiao Yan smiled bitterly.

"Let's go, go back first." Xiao Yan said to the four next to him.

After speaking, the four of them went back one after another.

As for other places, the registration for the team competition is still in full swing.

"Hehe, how confident are you about the tasks you are responsible for this time?" In the conference room with the highest specification in the Fenxiang Pavilion, dozens of figures slowly appeared.

It was the young and old who spoke, like the deputy hall master of the hall today.

Qing Lao sat on the first place and looked at the dozens of old people around him and said.

In front of these old men are Xiong Yuan, the deputy head of the Earth Palace, and Mu Xuzi, the deputy head of the Human Palace!

As for the old people behind the two, they were some elders from the Hall of People and the Hall of Earth. These elders were very senior, and they might be the most elite forces in the Burning Incense Pavilion.

"Qing Lao, the place I went to this time is Luoling Mountain."

"Although this Luoling Mountain is a relic site that the pavilion master accidentally discovered, the Luoling Mountain is extremely dangerous, so even the old guys like us can't guarantee how much confidence."

"But there is one thing you can rest assured, Boss Qing. With us here, we will never put the disciples in any danger." An old man with a pale face in the underground hall said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Although it is said that Luoling Mountain is mostly dangerous, I have to say that Luoling Mountain is a good place for training."

"And this time to change the previous team competition, firstly, the sect competition is imminent, our Fenxiang Pavilion has been silent for so long, it is time to show it, shocking those younger generations, and secondly, it is also to better temper these disciples "The old man spoke slowly.

"Haha, since that's the case, I have to say that Luoling Mountain is a good place." Many elders laughed when they heard this.

"Mu Xuzi, tomorrow you will be responsible for leading many disciples to enter, we will arrange some things in Luoling Mountain today." Seeing that none of you spoke, Qing Lao immediately ordered.

"Okay." Mu Xuzi naturally agreed happily upon hearing this.

"So be it."

"This time the Xue Ze Zongmen team competition is actually an award competition. How many of these disciples can stand out, then they will represent our Fenxiang Pavilion in the Zongmen competition." Qing Lao said.

"It's alright, alright, let's go down and make preparations first, and we'll gather and set off in a quarter of an hour!" The next moment, Xiong Yuan sighed when he saw the young man leaning on the old man and selling the old man, he couldn't help saying.

"Cough, cough..." Seeing that he lost his temper, Qing Lao coughed a few times, and then everyone slowly dispersed.

As the crowd dispersed, the Fenxiang Pavilion became quiet, because everyone knew that tomorrow would be the day to enter the trial grounds to carry out the mission, so today they are cultivating well.

"Wow wow!" In the dark space, there are boundless tombstones, and there is a strong aura of death on the death tombstones, making strangers stay away!

Many tombstones are arranged without any sense of incongruity, but from bottom to top, at the top of the cemetery, a figure dressed in tatters, slowly staring into the distance, as for the figure behind, there is a strange illusory figure!

"What's the matter!" As the dark crow flew by, the figure at the top of the cemetery spoke slowly. Following the figure's opening, the tombstones in the cemetery let out a burst of grief, extremely desolate!

"Protecting Lord Guixian, according to the news that my subordinates have received, Xuan Sansan has been extremely uneasy recently."

"The Xuanling royal family tried to encircle the Medusa clan, but unexpectedly, the Medusa clan suddenly emerged from the Immortal Fighting Powerhouse and directly forced them back. The Xuanling royal family has long ago..." The crows all over the sky suddenly flashed many strange feathers, and then a man surrounded by black energy knelt down on one knee and slowly opened his mouth to the figure above the cemetery.

"The Medusa family actually has a strong fighting immortal?" The figure was shocked when he heard the words, and his voice was full of inconceivable.

This Medusa clan is a clan that is envied by the sky. It is reasonable to say that it is impossible for a strong fighting immortal to appear in the city.

"Dark Crow, go on." The figure slowly stood up and said to the figure transformed by the crow in front of him.

"Then Solomon was about to move, and some of the strong men in Solomon seemed to be planning something." The figure called the Dark Crow opened his mouth.

"Hehe, Solomon's people have a lot of appetite. We promised them that our ghost world ruled Xuan Santianhui to give them a place. I'm afraid they have discovered some secrets."

"But it doesn't matter, I believe those guys in the Soul Palace will help us solve it." The man said slowly, but the illusory figure behind him exuded a permeating feeling.

"Is there anything else?" The man eased his body.

"Right now, the Fenxiang Pavilion is undergoing a sect competition. As for the test site, it is in Luoling Mountain." Dark Raven spoke slowly, because Dark Raven clearly remembered that the grievance between his master and Fenxiang Pavilion seemed to be quite huge.

"Burning Incense Pavilion!" The next moment, a spooky ghostly aura permeated the man's body instantly, and then the surrounding cemetery suddenly erupted with a coercion that the Dark Crow couldn't resist!

"Send my order to let the men who have been infiltrated into Xuan Santian go to Luoling Mountain and kill the disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion."

"In addition, tell them that there is a human named Xiao Yan in the Fenxiang Pavilion, and he will kill this person at all costs, because this person has a twin ghost emperor heart, this thing must be taken back!" The man drank suddenly.

"But Lord Guixian, Miss Blood Rose said that now is not the time to start, so it would be a bit of a shock to the snake..." Dark Crow said worriedly.

"Go away!" The next moment, the man who seemed to be out of control suddenly drank it, and the Dark Crow was immediately shaken by its huge impact for dozens of meters.

"What kind of deep hatred does this grave digger, Guixian, and Burning Incense Pavilion have? It has to be like this..." Dark Crow complained and then disappeared, apparently doing what Guixian ordered.

"Fenxiang Pavilion, what you owe me, sooner or later, I will let you all pay it back!" Above that cemetery, the grave digger ghost immortal gave bursts of hideous smiles, and it didn't go away for a long time!

Ask for tickets!