Chapter Vol 4 1847: Demon War (Part 1)!

"This is?" Xiao Yan raised his hand, but found that he was only a touch of soul body. Obviously, the soul body entered the different dimension together through the strange action of the last gamma, but at this time, a small part of Xiao Yan's soul body The circles are like the evil lines of reptiles, filling the whole body!

Even Xiao Yan found that in this space, both his soul power and the power of holy flame were out of control. This place was like a forbidden place that was truly isolated from the world, a dead zone!

Looking up, this alien space full of indifference gave Xiao Yan's blood an indescribable comfort.

"The will of the devil... finally fits perfectly." Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance like this, a dark green mist wriggled in the different dimension, and it condensed into Gamma's figure, illusoryly floating in front of Xiao Yan.

Only when the devil fruit is seriously injured can it exert its power to the maximum extent. It was also discovered by Gamma after his teacher and Lin Fengya devoured the devil fruit.

At that time, Xiao Yan was on the verge of death in order to resist the arrows of light, and Gamma used a secret method to fuse the ripe devil fruit with his heart in order to avoid the search of Lin Fengya and others. The power of the fruit was all vented to Xiao Yan's body.

Today, Xiao Yan's body, standing on the body of the dark underworld, is constantly being changed and amplified by the devil fruit, and this alien space deep in the soul is carrying out the most important inheritance of the devil's will!

"Gamma?"

"What the **** are you doing?" Xiao Yan asked with a frown.

"Actually, don't you know?" Hearing Xiao Yan's questioning, Gamma smiled evilly, and his dark green evil pupils slowly stared at Xiao Yan.

"I'm already dead?" Xiao Yan still couldn't believe it.

"No, you are not dead yet, it was the Devil Fruit that saved you, but now you are no different from being dead." Gamma said earnestly.

"Let me out," Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"There are demon servants in a semi-demon state outside. Once you leave here, you will fall into their hands. When it devours you, it will turn into a real demon, not to mention the strong angels and soul Wuji. …”

"If you go out now, you will die." Gamma smiled, but he was calm and did not have any expression.

"..." Xiao Yan heard the words and glanced away at Gamma, and found that this guy looks very strange now, it seems that he has completely fallen, and the aura in front of him is just the last trace of soul power.

"Actually, you should know that in this election, the Heavenly Star Continent had the intervention of the Soul Palace and the Holy See, and it is impossible for the royal family to survive under these powerhouses, even if the emperor has broken through to the half-step eight-star level, or even the princess Awakened the power of the stars." Gamma said to himself.

"Because all of this is already the masterpiece of the traveling angel Mekal."

"Since the initial failure of the Devil's Nest, she has been brooding about it, and secretly arranged several powerful Seven-star Fighting Immortals and a number of subordinates in the Holy See to the hiding place prepared for them by Lin Feng."

"Even in the panicky situation now, the number of people from the Holy See powerhouses is obvious to all... Do you know what they are doing?" Gamma continued.

"They... are waiting for you?" Xiao Yan was also temporarily quiet, listening to Gamma say.

"One is to wait for me, and I want to ask me about the whereabouts of my last Devil Fruit, and the other is to capture you and exploit the Holy Flame Fire on you, because the Holy Flame's sacred aura is very consistent with the aura of their Holy See. A roving angel with holy flame, his strength and status may surpass that of the cardinal in an instant."

"And there's one more important reason."

"Mekal wants to kill all the royal family of Tianxing Continent and those who know Devil Fruits here." At the end of the sentence, Gamma had a hint of sarcasm on his face.

"Isn't she afraid of attracting sanctions from the superior?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

"Sanctions?"

"She only needs to tell the outside world that it was an unintentional loss caused by obliterating the devil, and the rest of the Holy See will smooth it out for her..." Gamma Zaidu said, and just after he finished speaking, the dark green mist on Xiao Yan's body was rushing like boiling water. stand up,

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan felt the blood energy in his body squirming, and bursts of tyrannical power diffused out of his body uncontrollably.

That power, which has never been seen or heard before, is swallowing up the origin of his soul with the momentum of thunder, trying to strip himself away!

"This is when the power of the devil fruit begins to fuse and erode you. If you can resist it, you will be able to possess the will of the devil and control it. Otherwise, like Lin Fengya, you will become a servant of the devil!"

"Just let me give you the last big gift!"

"Devil's blood burial!" After Gamma finished speaking, countless dark green mists in the alien space shattered into pieces, turning into pieces of monsters, containing extremely majestic energy, one after another, surrounding Xiao Yan in a very regular manner. , seems to be protecting Xiao Yan, and also seems to want to swallow Xiao Yan!

"Ahhh!" After the blink of an eye, a terrifying roar erupted from Xiao Yan's illusory soul body.

Surrounded by dark green blood mist, those dark green blood mists are like greedy devils, they are constantly strewn around on Xiao Yan's soul body, absorbing all his vitality!

Once this soul body is broken, Xiao Yan will also completely fall here!

But the strange thing is that no matter how they absorb it, it seems that this weak soul body is like an eternal long lamp that disappears and is reborn, one after another.

That is the characteristic of immortal fire, immortality!

As long as there is a breath left, it can continuously restore vitality.

"Just because of this... are you trying to obliterate me?"

"Dream!" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank suddenly, and the amber flame soul fire shot out from Xiao Yan's eyes as if penetrating the limitations of time and space.

"Crash!" One minute, two minutes, I don't know how long it took, Xiao Yan didn't know how many times he screamed, but at a certain moment, the different dimension shattered like glass, and countless evil fragments were strung into his own. In the soul, it returned to its own body.

Soul power, with an unknown power that is not lost to the strongest in the world, slowly overlapped with the physical body.

At this moment, above the sky, one after another screaming and angering you, it seems that a demon is being born from this world.

Suddenly, just as the two overlapped, Xiao Yan's clothes exploded directly, and dark green blood mist spread out from the cracks on his body, and even the pores on Xiao Yan's body were rapidly expanding, faintly changing. It must be inflated like a balloon that deflates at any time!

"Block me!" Xiao Yan had just taken control of his body, and before he could detect the situation in his body, he suddenly roared as he looked at this dazzling and vast demon power ~.

The power of demons ignored Xiao Yan. After they eroded Xiao Yan's limbs, even Xiao Yan's blood and skin were eroded and turned into a strange dark green, above the originally deep pupils. , The gorgeous flames and the dark green evil glow couldn't argue, and the hair behind him also grew wildly at this moment, and in just a short moment, it swelled to dozens of meters!

The mutation is still going on, but this kind of mutation is actually showing a change in the good side. At the same time, Xiao Yan's aura suddenly soared, breaking through the Six Star Dou Xian, the Seven Star Dou Xian, and even the It's still increasing!

"It seems that a mature devil fruit can really turn people into a devil and master the most perfect power of the devil!"

"So boy, be quiet as my sacrifice!" Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, the demon servant's body exploded, his palm stretched out, and a demonic power that surpassed the heavens and the earth swept out!

At this moment, Fang is the real change of scenery!