Chapter Vol 4 1470: The Ruins of Tennozo!

"Damn it..."

"I never imagined that our two dignified, late-stage three-star fighting immortals would actually be defeated by a hairy boy in the early three-star fighting immortal stage."

"And that Mu Xi is cunning and cunning, you shouldn't have listened to his slander in the first place, sigh..." Feeling Mu Xi's escape, Huo Li was also looking at the unconscious Huo You, at the huge stone tablet that bound him, A sense of frustration arises spontaneously. In any case, Huo Li never thought that he would actually lose to Xiao Yan, so he said helplessly.

"Xiao Gui, clean up the magic stone in the hands of the two of them, and take the points." The next moment, Xiao Yan slowly landed with the two figures and said to Xiao Gui, there was no politeness in his words.

"Good." As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan's magic-suppressing stone appeared on Xiao Gui's body, so Xiao Gui took the magic-suppressing stone and walked slowly towards Huo Li.

"Damn... despicable villain!" Seeing Xiao Gui's actions, Huo Li scolded secretly immediately, their points were obtained with great difficulty, and it was unexpected that Xiao Yan would be cheapened so easily.

"700?"

"500?" In an instant, when Xiao Gui scoured out the magic-suppressing stones from Huo Li and Huoyou, he couldn't help but be startled. This guy has so many points.

"Looks like two rich guys."

"Get it for me." Xiao Yan coldly snorted and laughed.

With the points of these two brothers, his own points have reached more than 1,000. As for the 10,000 points required for exchange, it is getting closer and closer.

"Damn!" Seeing that Xiao Gui took away the points of the magic-suppressing stone from the two with great ease, and the points of the magic-suppressing stone were also returning to zero, Huo Li's expression suddenly became unbearable. livid.

"Brother, now we have 1500 points." After a while, Xiao Gui came to Xiao Yan and smiled.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly.

"Are you all right?" The next moment Xiao Yan also walked over to the girls and asked with concern.

"If you come a little later, I'm afraid something will happen." Mu Ge quipped.

"Don't talk nonsense, we're fine."

"It's you guys, is there nothing wrong?" Du Qifei glared at Mu Ge angrily and then asked with concern.

"Hey, we're fine, but we just entered the Demon Suppression Prison and were separated. There's no way to do that." Xiao Yan grinned, but he noticed the different degrees of scars on everyone's body, and a killing intent emerged in his heart, no need to guess. I also know that the source of these scars is from these two Fire Lion Sect guys.

"How to deal with these two?" After a while, Xiao Yan asked Du Qifei, the strong killing intent in his voice could not be concealed.

"Let them go." Du Qifei looked at the two of them, her beautiful eyes flickering, and shook her head.

"Let go?"

"Sister Fei'er, these two guys are the strength of the late Samsung Fighting Immortals. If you put them back like this, it is tantamount to letting the tigers go back to the mountains to raise the tigers." Yun Qi couldn't help but persuaded them.

"Our Dongzhou has a good relationship with their Fire Lion Sect, but unfortunately there are too many estrangements among their generation of disciples." Duo Qifei explained the reason.

"In my opinion, I can't let it go."

"However, it is possible to send the two of them out of the Demon Suppression Prison." Xiao Yan nodded when he heard the words. After all, with Du Qifei's words, Xiao Yan did not want to obliterate the two of them, otherwise he would not have used the Spirit Devouring Blood Tablet. Suppression is so simple, but it is about to happen. If the two powerhouses in the late stage of the Three-star Fighting Immortals are allowed to go back to recover their injuries so easily, it will be a bit tricky.

"Don't...don't kill us!"

"Don't expel us. In exchange, I'll tell you a secret!" In an instant, Huo Li, who was in a weak state, heard the words and couldn't help but fear.

"What secret? Let's hear it." Xiao Yan nodded and smiled when he heard the words.

Xiao Yan knew that they were tyrannical and naturally knew many things that he did not know.

"The ruins of the Heavenly King's Palace in the Demon Suppression Prison are about to be born, and attacking you is all the idea of ​​the damned Mu Xi. He promised us all kinds of benefits in order to capture Xiao Yan. If you let us go, we are willing to help you. "Huo Li said sincerely.

"What is the relic of the Heavenly King's burial in your mouth?" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly and asked, obviously these words seemed to have magic power.

"The ruins of the Heavenly King's possession, it is a very mysterious place located in the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison. It is said that in the ruins, there are countless gold and silver treasures, elixir and magic medicine."

"And the most important thing is that this Heavenly King Tibetan is powerful, and it is the only hero who resists the evil races outside the territory."

"So I once heard that there are many treasures in the ruins of the Tianwangzang, among which there is a mysterious fighting skill called the seal of the Tianwang." Suddenly, before the fire left the mouth, Liu Qing said, Xiao Yan was very concerned about this. Liu Qing had known about it for a long time.

"Tianwangzang?"

"The Seal of the Heavenly King?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words.

"Hey, little guy."

"Is this suppressed?" The Master of Soul Eater quipped.

"Master, what exactly is this Heavenly King Tibetan..." Xiao Yan hurriedly asked.

"Tianwangzang is a human being."

"However, his strength during his lifetime reached the ranks of the Five-Star Fighting Immortals, and he held the seal of the Heavenly King in his hand, making his overall strength even stronger."

"It is said that Tianwangzang once used the Tianwang seal in his hand to forcibly fought a six-star fighting immortal-level foreign evil clan powerhouse and became invincible The Lord of Soul Eater laughed.

"Five-star fighting immortals fight against six-star aliens?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this.

"Don't be surprised, all this is due to the seal of the King of Heaven." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"What is the seal of the Heavenly King?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

"The Seal of the Heavenly King is really a fighting skill, but this fighting skill is extremely mysterious. It is said that the seal can be cultivated by virtue of the mystery of the fighting skill, but it contains monstrous destructive power, as well as the ability to suppress it. Power." The Soul Eater said slowly.

"The power of destruction and suppression?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

"The seal of the Heavenly King is just a piece of jade engraved with the seal, but it has endless mystery."

"If you can get this thing during this trip, I'm afraid it will be of great help for your trip to Li Soul Realm." The Lord of Soul Eater said suddenly and solemnly.

"It seems that the ruins of the Heavenly King's Treasure must be gone." Xiao Yan nodded slowly, with a smile in his eyes.

"How?" Looking at the moody Xiao Yan, Huo Li asked uncertainly. He is now extremely worried that Xiao Yan will kill them. At that time, I am afraid that the only way to fight is to fight to the death, and to show it as Xiao Yan just now. Even if he is as strong as the late Samsung Dou Xian, he is not too sure about his strength.

"Let's lead the way... I hope you don't play tricks, otherwise I can arrest you once, and I will definitely arrest you a second time."

"If there is another time, I'm afraid it will be a battle of arms." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he waved his hand, and the sealed stone tablet on his body instantly dissipated.

"Let's sort it out, let's hurry up and head towards the ruins of Tianwangzang." After watching everyone say a word, everyone responded a little bit of grudge, so everyone set off towards the ruins of Tianwangzang.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: