Chapter Vol 4 2240: Meeting Li Tianxiao for the first time!

The space intelligence sales building is stationed in a very strange space in the Great Thousand World.

There are many monsters here, monsters and ghosts are everywhere, and there are countless powerful creatures, but it is in this special void that there is a magnificent building that is nearly 1000 meters tall. It has always stood at the peak of this void, standing still.

Around the building, one after another majestic lines like the brush of the gods lingered out, and their protection was tightly stitched together.

Atmospheric, magnificent, at a glance, you can tell that it comes from the most powerful hand!

No matter how arrogant and domineering the monsters in this void are, they don't dare to cause trouble in the intelligence sales building, because the family that controls this huge building is a well-known family in the world.

Cassell family.

The Cassel family is a super family known for its bloodliness. Not only is the family directly affiliated with terrifying strength, but even the number of vassal children has spread throughout the Great Thousand World. Everywhere in the Great Thousand World, there are people who are assigned by their family. Intelligence spy.

Their family stipulates that all vassals who try to join the family will be thrown into a specific training ground for life and death training every time they are assessed.

Or enter the territory of the evil race outside the territory to seek information, or enter some places where there is no life and death, and experience any fierceness.

In that kind of training ground, only those who survived can be recognized by the family as vassals, and when they enjoy countless conveniences, they are also hidden in the dark and become the real sharp edge of the Cassell family.

In this family, the law of the jungle has been the greatest manifestation, and countless people want to join it, so the population of this family is extremely large, although most of them are only collateral vassals, and the real decision-making power and management The power is still in the hands of the core members of the family, but it is inevitable that the family is huge.

Angers, one of the four sons of the current patriarch of the Cassell family, ranked second. The eldest died unfortunately in the life and death experience. The third and fourth were stupid by nature. As for the other guys, it was because they guarded some things passed down from ancient times. , as well as the reason for the two intelligence buildings, and several times of bad relations with the foreign evil clan, his younger brother and sister covered his death in the battle of life and death, and only a small part of the clan survived. Taking over the intelligence sales building, whether it is strength or status, is enough to rank in the entire Great Thousand World!

The Cassel family, Angers, has long since become a representative figure of this family!

But his age is only a few hundred years old now. With that kind of strength and method, many strong people can only surrender quietly.

"Second brother, there is an information sales building in front, but we need to prepare enough money or equivalent exchange items. After all, some too confidential information, this family will not easily reveal it."

"That exchange of chips is extremely heavy."

"And it is said that the current controller of this intelligence sales building is a man with a broken arm. He has two special attributes of wind and thunder. Even some reincarnation powerhouses must be treated respectfully."

On the outer square of the space intelligence sales building, here is the space-time wormhole built by the Cassell family with the power of reincarnation. Countless strong people in the world can come here through special methods to buy the information they need.

Of course, the premise is that you have enough chips.

The two of Xiaoyi traveled through the time-space wormhole and came to this square in an instant. The square was so huge, and the sparkling ground was actually swept by strange energy fluctuations, which was obviously quite extraordinary.

Looking up and looking at this building not far away, I just realized that this guy is huge and stretches for thousands of miles. The size is staggering. At first glance, it turns out to be dizzying. These pedestrians are as small as ants.

"It seems that the strength of this family should not be underestimated. The few subtle fluctuations in this building may be comparable to the strength of the Great Elder, or even a few breaths. Even the Great Elder cannot match it."

Xiao Yan nodded, and immediately followed Xiao Yi, walking towards the exit of the square, preparing to go towards the entrance of the sales building.

This time, time was running out, Xiao Yan didn't have much time to waste.

With more than two years left, he must collect the medicinal herbs that devoured the third holy flame, and successfully refine it.

In addition to the imminent need to repair the ruler of the gods, and the search for reincarnation by himself, these three things are pressing on Xiao Yan's mind like a mountain, and it is urgent!

"Two, welcome to our Cassell Family Intelligence Sales Building."

Just as Xiao Yan and the others were just walking around and were about to leave the space plaza, an old man with a loving face slowly stepped out and came to Xiao Yan and the two.

"Sir, what are you?"

Xiao Yan stopped Xiao Yi, then stopped and asked, although this guy is not hostile, he always makes him feel a little malicious.

"It should be the first time for the two friends to come to us, right?"

"We have a lot of complicated rules here."

"The old man's name is Rise, and he is specially responsible for guiding the newcomers and taking the lead in pulling everything familiar here."

Looking at him, he said with a smile on his face.

"If that's the case, then there is Mr. Lao."

Xiao Yan nodded, then waved to Xiao Yi, the two of them followed, and the three of them immediately walked towards the sales building.

"Stop!"

"This thing behind you came here?"

"Who are you?"

And just when Xiao Yan and the three were about to turn around and leave, a cold snort burst out at Xiao Yan from the far away square!

Along the way, it turned into a gray sword shadow, as bright as a sky full of stars, and whistled away directly at Xiao Yan.

"Crack!"

Faced with this level of attack, Xiao Yan suddenly turned his head, raised his finger abruptly, and a dark blue flame danced around his fingertip, instantly crushing this level of attack away.

"How can it be?"

Looking at this scene, a voice of exclamation came out.

"Reincarnation..."

Xiao Yan looked at the sound, and immediately saw a man of the same age as him, looking at him with a very strange look... the ancient ruler on his back.

The green shirt, the thin body, the obscure face seems to be mixed with some kind of special emotion, and even the scabbard behind him hums and shakes, and the surging fighting spirit permeates.

"Dong, dong, dong!"

At this time The ancient ruler that Xiao Yan was carrying on his back also seemed to be called by some kind of call, and it started buzzing together.

"What's happening here!"

Xiao Yan was a little stunned, as if he could smell an extremely hot wave from above the ancient ruler.

"Li Tianxiao, this is the place of our Cassell family, you should be more restrained."

Elder Rise's face changed drastically, and he said coldly.

"Boy, who are you?"

"Why do you have such a strange ruler?"

"Tell me your future history."

Li Tianxiao, however, seemed to have not heard Rise's warning, and walked towards Xiao Yan step by step, the whole body buzzing in the void, and there seemed to be endless sword shadows emerging. Agitated above.

"how?"

"Don't you need to verify your identity when you come here to buy information?"

"Your Excellency, do you think so?"

However, Xiao Yan ignored this guy and just turned his head to look at a dark shadow hidden in the void in the distance.

With the perception of his own soul, plus what Xiao Yi said just now, I am afraid that the guy behind him is the real owner of the current intelligence sales building!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: