Chapter 291: Enter the Burning Heaven Territory!

"she……"

"Are you okay..." Xiao Yan also murmured.

"Not good, very bad."

"She has the blood of the Medusa royal family, and has evolved into a nine-colored swallowing python, so she is both admirable and greedy among the Medusa family."

"How long does it take?" Xiao Yan also asked.

"It should be five years..."

"When her retreat ends, I will also go back to the Medusa family. We may be enemies by then..." Green Flute also said.

"Don't worry, there won't be such a day." Xiao Yan also said with a smile, and then ran towards the top of Mount Hua!

Cailin, it's really good that you're okay!

five years...

Five years from now, I will definitely go to the Medusa clan to find you. Then...

Roadblocker, kill!

so……

In these five years, I must become stronger!

Xiao Yan also had an idea in his heart.

Because in this Profound Spirit Continent, only strength is the most powerful means.

"Is this kid really the Queen's husband..."

"The strength of the four-star Dou Di in the early days is too high..."

"However, I can still feel the faint aura of Her Lady Queen's blood from him..." Green Flute also shook her head and followed.

Several other people did not notice the changes and exchanges between Xiao Yan and Lu Di, and nothing happened along the way.

Not long after, everyone had come to the middle of Huashan Mountain, and there seemed to be a world-wide barrier in front of them to isolate them.

"You haven't come out to greet people yet?" Chang Yu's voice was also full of coercion, facing the middle of the barrier.

"Hahaha, Deputy Pavilion Master Chang Yu has worked hard..."

"Leave the rest to me." As Chang Yu's cold snort fell, a lazy voice appeared in front of everyone.

Then everyone saw that the space in front of them shook violently, and then a figure in red as young as them appeared.

"Humph!"

"Mo Chen, don't forget the time. These are the new disciples this time. If something goes wrong, you will be happy." Chang Yu said.

"Understood, uncle."

"I'll take them in first, the three sect masters have been waiting for a long time..." The person called Mo Chen also laughed.

"Let's go, let's go, if it wasn't for my outer cabinet majoring in xinxing, these excellent seedlings would definitely not be given to your cabinet..."

"Which three old guys in the cabinet, every time they don't pick up newcomers, they know they're coming to grab people..." Chang Yu also said depressedly.

"Follow Mo Chen in, he will take you into the Dao Fenxiang Pavilion cabinet, where there are a lot of profound skills, I hope you little guys have good luck." Chang Yu also said slowly.

"Yeah." Dozens of people also slowly agreed.

"This Burning Incense Pavilion is divided into two inner and outer pavilions. The outer pavilion focuses on cultivating xinxing. Most of them are ordinary people with very weak strength. As for the cabinet, it is a place to learn advanced fighting techniques, and many of them are very powerful. ." Mo Chen also spoke slowly, and then looked at the group of people behind him lazily.

According to the news that came back before, this time, they had absorbed the five most talented disciples in the Fenxiang Pavilion, and the top three in the points plundering competition all joined them!

The top three places in the points grabbing competition are quite a lot. Mo Chen also participated in the point grabbing competition before, and only achieved the tenth place achievement. The future achievement of this first place is...

However, Mo Chen wasn't surprised either. After all, since they decided to join the Fenxiang Pavilion, they were already brothers and sisters from the same sect, so how could they fight each other?

"This Burning Incense Pavilion is really powerful. Every single person who leads the way has the strength of a six-star fighting emperor..." Xiao Yan also grinned.

"Hey, what's this, the Heaven Shifting Ruler in the Burning Incense Pavilion is specially tailored for you..." The voice of his master, the Golden Dragon King, also sounded slowly in Xiao Yan's heart.

"Moving the ruler of the sky?" Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, as if thinking of something.

"Hey, don't worry, you'll know after entering the cabinet for a while." The King Dragon King's playful voice also sounded.

Xiao Yan also shook his head and did not ask any further questions.

"Let's go, this is where the formation of the Burning Heaven Array is located. Next, I will take you to the Burning Heaven Territory, follow me and don't rush in..." Mo Chen also said slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Before he finished speaking, Mo Chen's handprint suddenly changed drastically, and then a door of light enough to accommodate one person's entry and exit appeared in the space in front of him.

"Let's go!" Mo Chen said, and then poured into the Gate of Light.

Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying and Mu Feng also looked at each other, and then stepped straight into the door of light.

As more than a dozen people stepped in, the door of light shattered instantly after the last person stepped in, and disappeared without a trace.

"Hehe, Xiao Yan, Mu Feng, Mu Yingying, I hope you can win the sect competition in a few years..." Chang Yu also said slowly, and left here.

Everyone followed Mo Chen into the Burning Heaven Territory, and they were immediately stunned by the scene in front of them...

Entering the Burning Heaven Territory first, Xiao Yan first discovered that the place he was already in was an extremely huge space. Obviously, the place where the Burning Incense Pavilion on the top of Mount Hua was located was a space opened up by some great master.

In the huge space, the fragrance of birds and flowers, plus some buildings that are full of Langya in the space also appeared in front of everyone.

"This Burning Incense Pavilion is really a big piece of work..." Xiao Yan also murmured.

Compared to the ancient world of the ancient clan on the Dou Qi Continent, the space of this Burning Heaven Territory is still a celestial tomb, which is undoubtedly too large...

Moreover, Xiao Yan can feel that this is a separate and independent space. I am afraid that if he wants to open up such a space, at least he needs the strength of Dou Di Peak or even stronger...

"Hey Little guys, you are welcome to join us in the Burning Incense Pavilion. I am your senior brother Mo Chen. You can tell me anything in the future."

"After all, the rule of our Burning Incense Pavilion is that the visitor is the guest, and the brothers and sisters of the same sect are like siblings, and they must not kill each other." Mo Chen also smiled at the dozen or so people in front of him.

"Then I would like to thank Senior Brother Mo first." The first disciple also said slowly.

Xiao Yan and Mu Feng found that Mo Chen's smile was very real, without a trace of false meaning, such a smile was a happy smile that absorbed their dozens of newcomers and increased the strength of Fenxiang Pavilion.

"Let's go, the three sect masters have been waiting for a long time..."

"Then it's up to you to choose a place that suits your cultivation..."

"Come with me." Mo Chen also smiled, then greeted a few people, and walked away to a rather simple but ancient hall.

"It really deserves to be a super sect!" Xiao Yan also sensed some rather powerful and hidden auras from the buildings in Langya in all directions, and immediately activated his vindictive energy and followed.

"Hehe, Mo Chen is back." Above a tall building, one of the three middle-aged people, a rather loving red figure, also stood up and said.

The red figure just finished speaking, and the other two figures are also staring at Xiao Yan who is not far away with great interest.

"These newcomers this time are really good." I don't know who said something, and then the three of them laughed.

Ask for tickets!