Chapter Vol 4 1008: misfortune

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as the two of them finished speaking, they immediately attacked each other brightly.

I saw that Xiao Yan's six huge chi awns hit Tiancang's huge evil palm invariably, but did not cause any substantial damage, and Tiancang's evil palm suddenly transformed into five incomparably evil pitch blacks. The beam of light directly enveloped Xiao Yan!

"Xiao Yan, it's time to end!" Seeing Xiao Yan's attack dissipating, five evil beams of light immediately shrouded him and suddenly shrank, trapping Xiao Yan's figure.

"I thought how powerful this guy is, but it turns out that he is also strong from the outside."

"Qi Haoqing, this guy doesn't seem to be as tyrannical as you said." Seeing Xiao Yan being imprisoned by his five evil beams of light, Tian Cang said proudly.

But at this time, Tiancang did not notice that the figure imprisoned by the five evil beams of light had the same appearance as Xiao Yan, but his aura was extremely strange.

"Kill me!" The next moment, Tian Cang roared directly, and then the five dazzling beams of light suddenly narrowed the distance. If this continued, Xiao Yan would be completely compressed into flesh in an instant!

"Plop!" Just when the evil beam of light gathered directly, Xiao Yan, who was crushed by the evil beam of light, suddenly turned into a white mist and dissipated in the sky.

"Fake body?" After seeing this scene, Tian Cang's back was slightly cold.

"The Xuanling Royal Family's Second Heavenly Congregation really thinks highly of you."

"Show your true strength, otherwise you won't even have a chance to fight back." At this moment, a void slowly wriggled, and Xiao Yan emerged directly from it.

"Damn it, he is so cunning!" Tian Cang looked at Xiao Yan with a livid face.

"If that's the case, then it's as you wish!"

"I didn't want to do this, you forced me." After Tian Cang finished speaking, the aura all over his body exploded, and circles of evil power appeared on the surface of his body as if he had climbed out of the abyss, until this moment. , The power of life and the power of death in Tiancang's body were all replaced by the power of evil.

"This Xiao Yan can actually allow the second brother to use all the power of the evil clan..." Tian Hong, who was constantly dealing with Xiao Yi, couldn't help but said.

The blood curse of the alien race on them has given them a lot of tyrannical power, but on the contrary, if they use all their power, I am afraid they will cause unspeakable damage to themselves, or even be replaced by the alien race. It is also possible, so unless it is a last resort, they will not use all the power of the alien race.

And the reason why Tiancang used all the power of the evil clan outside the realm was that Xiao Yan had just teased him, causing him to fall into a frenzy for a while.

"That's right." Xiao Yan said with a smile, looking at Tian Cang, who had lost all the human aura and turned into an evil monster in front of him.

"The human world is really wonderful."

"Thanks to you, I am now in complete control of this body, so in return, I will love you well."

"Humans, suffer to death!" And when Tiancang's whole body of evil power emerged, a deep voice also emerged one after another.

"I don't know which one of the four envoys of the Gorefiends you are?" And Xiao Yan was not in a hurry at this time, and spoke slowly.

"I didn't expect you to know a lot?"

"But this will only speed up your death." After Evil Heaven Cang finished speaking, a dark aura twitched from his fingertips.

"Let's do it, I also really want to see how strong the first few of the four envoys of the Gorefiend are."

"By the way, the last of your four messengers fell into my hands." At the end of the sentence, Xiao Yan did not forget to say.

"Human, you are courting death!" When he heard that the last of the four messengers was killed by Xiao Yan, Tiancang's face slowly showed a chilling meaning, and then without hesitation, his whole body was full of aura. Suddenly shocked, the figure rioted and roared away directly at Xiao Yan.

"Fire!" And when Xiao Yan faced the strong man living in Tiancang, he didn't dare to neglect. After all, according to the ranking, the four heavenly congregations of the Xuanling royal family corresponded to the four envoys of the Gorefiends, and this day Cang ranked second, most likely the second strongest of the four envoys of the Gorefiend.

"Bang bang bang!" Tian Cang came to Xiao Yan, then stubbornly slapped his palm at Xiao Yan who was close at hand. On the palm of his hand, layers of evil power emerged, making Xiao Yan unable to help but slightly surprised.

"The power of holy flame!" Xiao Yan whistled, and then the dazzling power of holy flame directly took Tiancang's seemingly powerful blow, but he still took ten steps back to stabilize his figure.

"The Holy Flame does have a very strong suppressing force on our foreign evil race, but your strength is too weak to exert the full power of the Holy Flame."

"So holy flame is a waste in your hands. I will educate you well." After Tian Cang finished speaking, his entire body was directly covered by a dark circle of evil power, and he could not see any trace of human beings at all.

"Sure enough." Xiao Yan said slightly.

"Devil blood eats the sky!" In the next moment, a drop of extremely scarlet blood suddenly appeared in Tian Cang's body, and then it was directly swallowed by the dark evil power, and with this swallowing, Tian Cang's entire aura changed. Get weird.

"Second messenger, what are you doing?"

"You want to devour me?" Tian Cang's original voice sounded.

"What do you know?"

"The aura on this human being is extremely powerful. Only in this way can we kill him." The evil aura said.

"Devouring me, I will truly die I don't want to die!"

"When the time comes, you will occupy my body, do whatever you want?" Tian Cang's hideous voice resounded.

"Then it's up to you!" Seeing the last trace of Tian Cang's mind, Evil Force said directly and decisively.

"Don't even think about it!"

"Ah ah!"

"Even if I die, I won't let you succeed!" Looking at the evil power directly eroding his body, Tian Cang said suddenly, and then he used all his strength to directly resist the erosion of the evil power, he knew , I used the power of the foreign evil clan to defeat Xiao Yan. If I really fell in order to defeat Xiao Yan, Tiancang would definitely not do it!

"No, this guy is ready to use his real strength." And below, Yan Chi couldn't help but say when he saw this move.

"I'm afraid it's not good to despise me so much in front of me?" Seeing the violent struggle in Tiancang's body, Xiao Yan's mouth wriggled slightly, and then with the dazzling ancient ruler of different fire, he roared away directly. In a short moment, it pierced through Tian Cang's body!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Plop!" With a sound, Tian Cang's body fell directly, and the breath all over his body slowly dissipated.

"Damn Tiancang, bad things for me, **** human, you will definitely not die..." And being hit by Xiao Yan like this, the vitality in Tiancang's body is also rapidly draining, but the evil power that occupies Tiancang's body , but there is no trace of disappearance, and there is even a somewhat evil smile.

: . :