Chapter Vol 4 1394: war!

"Boom!" With the shattering of the Thunder Shield protecting Leicheng, the entire Leicheng suddenly shook.

"Then... what is that?"

"do not know……"

"It looks like a cloud of black air?"

"Black Qi?" At this time, in the huge area of ​​Leicheng, countless figures stopped their movements, and then stared blankly at the sky above Leicheng, looking at the constantly enlarged pupil in the pupil. Black spots, a touch of fear, emerged in my heart.

"What is this?" Inside the Alchemist Association, several strong men stood quietly in the courtyard, but they looked at the black spots that were getting closer and closer in the sky, and a heavy touch emerged.

"The third stage of the East Continent Ratio should also be over soon...but before that, I'm afraid..." And among the figures, a white-haired man looked at him and shook his head slowly.

"Vice President Tan Chen, what's wrong?" The old men below were extremely puzzled. Although they sensed something was wrong, their souls were weak and naturally didn't know the truth.

"Pass my order and notify the City Lord's Mansion and the other seven major forces."

"The visitor is aggressive, and this battle is probably inevitable." Tan Chen shook his head slowly, but the smile of the past was completely replaced by a seriousness.

"I'm going to meet them and buy some time!" Tan Chen's voice just fell, and his figure suddenly disappeared, heading towards Leicheng high in the sky.

Seeing that Tan Chen, who used to be so serious with a smile, understood the seriousness of the situation and informed other forces without stopping.

City Lord's Mansion.

"Sir, something is wrong."

"All the people in Leicheng seem to be in panic... In the sky of Leicheng, something is approaching us fast!"

"That kind of breath is too sinister and evil."

"And... the thunder shield was broken!" A hurried voice suddenly came from outside the door, accompanied by the rapid speed of a guard.

"Elder Dufeng... What should I do?" The city lord asked in the first place. Obviously, he seemed to have expected this scene for a long time.

"It seems that it is really beyond the expectations of the valley owner. This day has come."

"Lord City Lord, please inform Leicheng's eight major forces to jointly defend against foreign enemies. I will go to Forge Sword Thunder Valley to rescue soldiers!" Dufeng also said seriously.

But what makes Du Feng feel depressed is that since the start of the third stage of the game, when he vaguely sensed the uneasiness in Leicheng, he sought reinforcements from the inside of Forge Blade Thunder Valley, but there has been no news.

"Then I will trouble the elder Dufeng!"

"Come on, pass my order."

"Call together all the strong to resist foreign enemies together." Orderly orders came slowly from the city lord.

"I hope this time, we can handle it in Dongzhou." The city owner nodded slightly, obviously, he seemed to have known about this battle for a long time.

After all, Duo Tianhong wiped out an entire foreign evil clan due to the character of the evil clan outside the territory, which must be revengeful. This revenge is also a matter of time...

However, Leicheng, or the countless figures above Dongzhou, still respected the sword-forging Thunder Valley. After all, if it wasn't for Du Tianhong, Dongzhou would have been completely bloodbathed by the Burning Soul Clan.

"Boom!" At this time, in the high sky of Leicheng, the dazzling thunderbolts were instantly wiped out cleanly, and the black clouds and mists rolled continuously.

"The guy from Leicheng..."

"Come out and die!" An extremely arrogant voice, accompanied by bursts of evil voices, echoed abruptly throughout the Thunder City.

In the black fog at this time, there are dozens of sinful powerhouses left. As for the soul palace powerhouses, they are divided into two groups to attack the Thunder Valley.

The area of ​​Leicheng is huge, and it can accommodate millions of human beings. Being so humiliated by this crime, the entire Leicheng suddenly panicked!

"Ha ha."

"I didn't expect to force a powerhouse at the level of a sinner." Just when the voice of the sinner just fell, a few voids wriggled strangely around the black mist, and then a tyrannical aura appeared out of thin air.

These few auras just appeared, and the evil aura on the sinner's body suddenly weakened a lot.

"Tan Chen, vice president of the Alchemist Association!"

"Bing Qing, the master of the Ice Soul Palace!"

"Auction house owner Zhou Yinyuan!" From the black mist, an unfathomable voice filled the air. It was obvious that the sinner had completely grasped all the information of Lei Cheng before attacking.

"Sinner..."

"It's really tricky..." Three figures came out of nowhere, and suddenly the strength of the two men and one woman, the three of them, even stepped into the ranks of the four-star fighting immortals.

"It came just fine."

"This time, let's add the old and new hatred of the Burning Soul Clan. Let's count it together."

"Without Du Tianhong, I'll see how you guys deal with us!" Seeing this, the sinner shook his head slightly, his evil eyes and the evil aura all over his body slowly wriggling, showing no sign of fear at all.

"This guy... seems to have come prepared." Hearing the sinner say this, the other staff couldn't help but feel their hearts sinking.

"You three strong, but not qualified..."

"Are there any other powerhouses?"

"Let's go together, otherwise I'm wasting my time." Seeing that the strength of the three is only four-star Dou Xian, the sinner has no intention of rushing to take action. Four-star Fighting Immortals wouldn't be much of a climate.

"Hahaha."

"The dignified sinner will also come to our East Continent. If you don't show some good skills, it will be too disrespectful to you." A roar resounded from the sky, and suddenly silhouettes emerged from the void. came out.

There are eight people in total, and the strength of the eight people is in the ranks of the four-star fighting immortals. The strongest has reached the late stage of the four-star fighting immortals, and the weakest has also reached the strength of the early four-star fighting immortals. Such a terrifying lineup, even if it is the crime of the strength of the five-star fighting immortals. So, I couldn't help but be moved!

"Eight four-star fighting immortals... The power above Dongzhou is really not small."

"But... it's not enough." Seeing this, the sinner smiled with satisfaction, and a frenzied wave slowly spread out.

In Leicheng, except for the sword-forging Thunder Valley, these eight forces are the most difficult to deal with, and now the eight people are all the top people in their respective forces. As long as they defeat them, this East Continent will be completely occupied. At that time, their goal has also been achieved.

"It's just a group of ants who use the power of foreign evil tribes to make a fortune... After all, they are just walking corpses."

"It seems that you can't wait to find death yourself..."

"Then it's my fault!"

"Do it!" The sinner heard the words frowned, and the bright killing intent, accompanied by a circle of evil aura, suddenly spread throughout the space.

"Go!"

"In any case, it is necessary to stop him!" The eight strong men were naturally unwilling to be outdone, looked at each other, and then said with hatred, they believed that with the strength of the eight of them, although they could not obliterate the sinner of the Five Star Fighting Immortals, but blocked There should be no problem, and because of his trust in Duan Tianhong, once he frees up his hands, they will definitely win this battle!

This sinner should be the strongest of the sin forces living in the largest stronghold on Dongzhou. Although the strength has reached the early stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortals, but for the sake of Dongzhou and the forces behind them, they cannot lose no matter what!

This is a battle that can only be won and not lost!

.