Chapter 319: Togu, the whereabouts of the immortal flame and the immortal golden body!

Time passed day by day, and it had been a whole month since Xiao Yan entered the Dou Di River.

During this month, the envoys of the Xuanling Royal Family also came to the Fenxiang Pavilion, and informed them of the qualifications they had promised to Fenxiang Pavilion to enter the Xuanling Imperial Pond of the Xuanling Imperial Family.

As long as the Incense Pavilion is ready, you can go there at any time.

Xiao Yan, Mu Yingying and Mu Feng are all qualified to enter the Xuanling Emperor Pond.

It's just that Xiao Yan hadn't come out of Dou Di Hanoi at this time, so it took some time.

Since the five people entered the Dou Di River, the other four people also came out one after another ten days later, but Xiao Yan was the only one who did not come out. In this regard, Zhu Lao and Mu Xuzi were also quite helpless, so they had to give up and wait for Xiao Yan. After all, the two of them also have a lot of things to deal with.

"Wait for Xiao Yan again?" A hearty laugh suddenly appeared in the hall, and upon closer inspection, it was Xiao Yi who spoke.

Following his gaze, the other person in the hall was Mu Yingying.

"Don't talk nonsense, I just wanted to come and see if he came out. After all, it took us so much time, otherwise we could have soaked in the Xuanling Emperor Pond." Mu Yingying was also flustered, and after a short stay, she stayed a little bit. Said after thinking.

"But it's almost too soon." Xiao Yi naturally found out that Mu Yingying was tacit, obviously what she said and what she did were obviously different, but Xiao Yi didn't expose it, she just let Mu Yingying do it.

"you say……"

"Will Xiao Yan be okay? It's been a month..." Mu Yingying was also a little worried.

Since Mu Yingying entered Dou Di Hanoi and obtained the rank seven Dou Emperor, she has vaguely touched the threshold of the five-star Dou Emperor, and it is just around the corner to break through.

"Probably not. For some special reasons, I can feel the state of my eldest brother."

"Big brother's fighting spirit in his body is getting more and more solid at this time. It's been a few days since he wanted to make a breakthrough." Xiao Yi also said slowly.

As for the special reason, it is naturally impossible for Xiao Yi to tell Mu Yingying.

"I hope so……"

"Then I'll go first..." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she also walked towards the main hall door with light steps.

"Hey, eldest brother, how do you explain to the two sisters-in-law like this..." Xiao Yi also laughed, obviously Mu Yingying's panicked expression just now was like a sneaky little girl looking at her lover. Unexpectedly, the Dou Di River in the main hall suddenly exudes an extremely huge aura!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What's wrong?" Mu Yingying just walked to the door, but she felt the change, and she hurried to the side of Dou Dihe and said to Xiao Yi.

"Big brother should be out today." Xiao Yi also said, and after speaking, the two of them turned their eyes to Dou Dihe.

At this time, the Dou Di River, when viewed from the outside, is golden in color, and an aura that seems to contain immortality also permeates the entire Dou Di River.

In a certain space in Dou Di Hanoi.

"Hey, this kid..."

"I also said why it took so long to integrate a body of a fighting emperor..."

"So this kid has other plans..." The Immortal Emperor also spoke slowly. Obviously, with his eyesight, he naturally knew that Xiao Yan spent so much time in order to absorb the immortal body. The second is to consolidate their own strength.

At this time, Xiao Yan exuded an extremely huge aura, and the smell of immortality permeated around his body. On the surface of his body, an energy giant with several hundred meters was slowly wrapping Xiao Yan tightly.

Originally, even if Xiao Yan was a tenth-rank fighting emperor, ten days would be enough if Xiao Yan fused together, but Xiao Yan forced it into a month. The secret of this is Xiao Yan himself. plan.

Xiao Yan also knows that since he came to Xuan Santian, he has always been fighting at a higher level. Although his strength has improved rapidly, for the sake of the future, Xiao Yan has to put down his footsteps and slowly use this extremely pure immortal. The body consolidates the fighting spirit in the body. After all, a person's limit has a lot to do with the foundation.

Once the foundation is shaken, it will also have a huge impact on its future.

Therefore, Xiao Yan also used the time of fusing this immortal body to consolidate his own cultivation.

In one month, Xiao Yan not only merged his immortal body, but also consolidated the fighting qi in his body. This can be said to serve multiple purposes.

"It's about time." Xiao Yan also grinned, then suddenly opened his eyes, and an immortal golden aura also appeared.

After Xiao Yan opened his eyes, he also found the immortal body of several hundred meters around him, and nodded in satisfaction immediately.

The terrifying golden light was radiated from Xiao Yan's immortal body. With Xiao Yan's powerful soul perception, he could naturally feel that the immortal body that he merged with was probably just by virtue of his immortal body. Block the full blow of the five-star Doudi powerhouse!

As for attacking, Xiao Yan is also confident. With the Seventh Layer Breaking Sky Ruler in his hand, plus the Lotus of Silentness and some means, even dealing with a five-star Doudi powerhouse is not enough.

"But this immortal body seems to be missing something..." Xiao Yan said after feeling it for a while.

"Hehe, you kid, you are really shrewd." The Immortal Emperor also came to Xiao Yan from afar.

"Well..." Xiao Yan also replied softly, obviously knowing that when he merged with this immortal body, the remnant soul of his master, the Golden Dragon King, and the immortal emperor also exchanged a lot...

After all, the two of them are smiling maliciously at themselves now, apparently they have reached the same agreement.

"Hehe Immortal Emperor, then do as you say..." The Golden Dragon King also smiled slowly.

"Boy, do you think this immortal body seems incomplete?" The Immortal Emperor also smiled at Xiao Yan.

"It doesn't seem to be incomplete..."

"Even if I push it to the limit, I can only display the level of a ninth-rank fighting emperor..."

"If you want to be sent to the tenth grade..."

"It seems that something is missing..." Xiao Yan also slowly opened his mouth while staring at the golden immortal body attached to his body.

"You feel good."

"If you want to push this immortal body to the limit, you must cooperate with the flame of immortality..." The Immortal Emperor also showed a cunning look.

"Immortal flame..." Xiao Yan's eyes also became hot, and then he was staring at the Immortal Emperor!

Since the immortal emperor said that if he wants to push the limit of his immortal body, he must cooperate with the immortal flame, then even if the immortal emperor in front of him is just a remnant soul, he must know where the immortal flame is!

Even the legendary immortal gold!

This is the most powerful means of the Immortal Emperor!

If Xiao Yan gets it, it will be extremely beneficial to his future...

"Senior..."

"I don't know where this immortal flame is now..." Xiao Yan also respectfully looked at the simple old man in front of him.

Ask for tickets!