Chapter Vol 4 987: On the 4th day of the encounter

"Wufufu." After a while, in the air, the black energy transformed by the strange headless ghost Li was suddenly compressed into two longan-sized pills by Xiao Yan's huge soul power and holy flame power.

"What is this……"

"Gulu." Not long after, two medicinal pills happened to fall directly into Xiao Yan's hands, and the headless ghost Li also fell completely.

Xiao Yan took the two mysterious elixir formed by the headless ghost Li, and then carefully looked at it.

These two pills looked like medicinal pills, but they did not feel like medicinal pills to Xiao Yan. They exuded an eerie and eerie aura. Even on the outermost periphery of the medicinal pills, there was a trace of strange black energy surrounding it, which was extremely mysterious. , but the only thing Xiao Yan discovered was that the medicinal pill was filled with a **** smell.

"It's actually two dead blood ghosts." Below, Yan Chi smiled slowly.

As soon as Yan Chi finished speaking, Xiao Yan's figure returned to the side of the three.

"Senior Yanchi, what is this?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Dead blood ghost liquid." Yan Chi said.

"what?"

"It's actually dead blood ghost liquid?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words, Xiao Yan also knew a little about dead blood ghost liquid.

"Not bad, and looking at the quality, the quality of this dead blood ghost liquid is extremely good."

"It's just two. If you two swallow it, you will have a strong power of death in your body. At that time, I am afraid that you can use the strength of the early stage of the seven-star Dou Emperor to deal with some eight-star Dou Emperor powerhouses." Yan Chi laughed.

"It's really perverted." And Xiao Yi, who was on the side, pouted slightly when he heard the words. Among the Dou Di powerhouses, the gap between each level was extremely huge, let alone a whole level.

"Okay, now that we got the dead blood ghost liquid, let's go to that place first."

"That place can not only help me heal my body's dark diseases, but also temper your body and improve your physical quality." Yan Chi said with a smile.

"Hehe, you're in such a hurry to leave?"

"Such a good treasure should be taken out and shared with everyone. It seems too stingy to take it alone." Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled by what Yan Chi said, when he was about to ask questions, he uttered an extremely arrogant voice. The male voice slowly appeared in this space.

"Tianxing?" Xiao Yan followed the source of the voice and found out that it was the fourth congregation of the Xuanling royal family, Tianxing.

"Is there something wrong with Tianxing's brain?"

"Although this guy is the perfect strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, but alone, there are four of us here."

"Could it be that he still wants to fight four?" Xiao Yi suddenly felt amused.

"He came alone, so he should have something to rely on, and I always felt that his aura was very strange."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Don't take action, I will meet this guy." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

"The Four Heavenly Congregation of the Xuanling Royal Family was the culprit who wiped out almost all of our Fenxiang Pavilion disciples last time, and it was also the sinner who killed the previous senior brother Yintong."

"Xiao Yan, kill him for me!" At this moment, Yan Chi's voice slowly became strange, obviously because of Tian Xing's appearance, he became agitated.

"Are you courting death?" Xiao Yan said while looking at Tianxing in midair looking down.

"Who will kill the deer? It's not certain." Tian Xing heard the words, looking at Xiao Yan who was fully lifted into the air, the corners of his mouth also laughed.

Although he was only one person, Xiao Yan and the others were four, but this did not affect his plan in the slightest.

If you succeed, you will have two holy flames!

With the blessing of the two holy flames, Tianxing can completely get rid of the blood curse that penetrated into the bone marrow in his body, and he can even fight against the shackles of Dou Di and enter Dou Xian in one fell swoop.

If it fails, it will be a point of no redemption, but before him, there are three older brothers who are staring at him, so Tianxing does not dare to hide his means.

"If it wasn't for Ye Mo's attack last time, I'm afraid you would be a corpse now." Xiao Yan slowly rose into the air, facing Tianxing at a distance, and said.

"Xiao Yan, don't use your tongue."

"Today is different from the past."

"This time, I'll let you know that offending our Xuanling royal family will not end well." Tian Xing growled strangely.

"This guy, I'm afraid there is something under the box." Seeing this, Xiao Yan also knew that he couldn't take it lightly, so he immediately became vigilant.

"Hand of the Ghost!" And Tianxing was too lazy to talk nonsense with Xiao Yan. He knew that once Xiao Yan's figure was discovered by the other three celestial beings, he would probably have no chance, so he shot directly and prepared to use the might of thunder to attack Xiao Yan. Fire kills.

"Hululu!" As Tianxing's voice just fell, in the mid-air where Xiao Yan and Tianxing were standing, gloomy winds emerged, and then in the blood river, gloomy and eerie ghosts, directly The palm facing Tianxing emerged.

"This guy can actually mobilize the power of the blood river?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan was immediately shocked.

In the blood river, although it is the place where the blood river continent of the ghost world and Xuan Santian fought, but because it is very close to the blood river continent of the ghost world, it is full of lawless ghost qi, and this ghost qi is extremely eerie and strange, if it is strong If someone moves, it will probably bite people's minds, but this Tianxing can move calmly, which makes Xiao Yan have to be dignified.

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Yan, you can't think of it, right?"

"The power in the blood river, not only can I mobilize, but even the powerhouses of our Xuanling royal family can mobilize. The other three heavenly beings can mobilize more powerful forces than me."

"But this power, it's enough to clean you up!" After that, an unusually roaring ghost slowly surrounded the palm of Tianxing's palm, and even the dark ghost qi also surrounded the palm of the hand. .

"Give me death!" With a roar, the power of the ghost in his hand was directly thrown at Xiao Yanneng!

"Huhuhu!" The power of the ghost roared away with overwhelming resentment, the breath was extremely eerie, and Xiao Yan couldn't help but shiver slightly.

"Fire!" Seeing this, the power of ghosts fused and whistled, Xiao Yan did not panic. After all, the power of holy flames exerted an obvious pressure on the power of ghosts and even ghost qi.

"Shabu!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and the khaki-yellow holy flame power formed a huge flame barrier in front of him, trying to block the ghost power.

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, the power of the ghost suddenly hit the flame barrier, and terrifying ripples continued to spread.

"How could it be possible..." With the confrontation between the power of ghosts and the power of Xiao Yan's holy flame, Xiao Yan vaguely discovered that his holy flame's power was indistinct, and the huge flame barrier in front of him was about to shatter.

"It seems that this Tianxing not only has the blood curse of the evil race from outside the territory, but also has some shady deeds against the ghosts in the blood river." And Yan Chi's old eyes naturally saw some clues.

"Brother, Xiao Yan, he..." Mu Yingying on the side looked at Xiao Yan's downfall in mid-air, and couldn't help worrying.

"Don't worry, although I'm temporarily at a disadvantage, I believe in my eldest brother." Xiao Yi also smiled and said immediately in the sky, the battle was unfolding.