Chapter 236: Sealed door!

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also suddenly came back to his senses, and then moved quickly.

In the void, the spirit of resentment was hit by Xiao Yan, and the ghost qi in the body continued to leak out. Then, like a deflated balloon, the volume rapidly shrank, and then it slowly turned into pieces. Blowing in the wind.

“Shabu Shabu!”

Some blood-red fragments tried to escape towards the depths of the ghost town.

These blood-red shards are the remnants of the resentment spirit. If they escape like this, a new resentment spirit will appear after hundreds or thousands of years.

However, Xiao Yan also had other uses for the blood-red shards, so he would definitely not give the blood-red shards a chance to escape. Many of the shards were instantly captured by Xiao Yan, eliminating all the vitality of the spirit of resentment.

"Next..."

"It's time to harvest." Xiao Yan also looked at the blood-red shards in his hand, and then slowly walked a few steps towards the water in front of him.

The water was also blood red at this time, but it was separated into two pools on the left and right. Xiao Yan also laughed. With a wave of his hand, the water immediately reunited, but it seemed that something was missing from the water. .

"Go."

Xiao Yan said softly, then loosened his hands, and the blood-red shards in his hands also slowly fell.

The water at the bottom of the ghost town well saw the blood-red shards falling from Xiao Yan's hands, and it also trembled with spiritual excitement.

"Pfft!"

As the blood-red shards in Xiao Yan's hands fell, the blood-red water also instantly burst into many bubbles.

The bubbles continued to rise, but the temperature at the bottom of the ghost town was surprisingly low at this time, and which bubbles were constantly churning, the original blood-red fragments were also swallowed and slowly digested.

"One minute……"

"Two minutes..."

After a while, Xiao Yan felt that the water in front of him became extremely rosy.

Yes! It is ruddy, like an apple-like ruddy, not the blood-red color full of strange aura just now.

"Success!" Xiao Yan was also overjoyed, and then stared at the pool of water in front of him. Although the volume had shrunk a lot, this amount was enough.

Immediately, Xiao Yan also took out the good jade bottle, and carefully filled the water in front of him.

The cautious appearance caused the Golden Dragon King to burst into laughter. In Xiao Yan's words, this is a major matter of devouring!

Blood spirit ice liquid is such an important thing...

How can it be wasted...

Maybe it's just a little bit related to the success or failure of swallowing the holy flame in the future...

So under the roar of the Golden Dragon King, Xiao Yan also collected all the water in front of him without falling.

Seventeen bottles!

A full seventeen bottles!

Xiao Yan knew the terrifying low temperature of this blood spirit ice liquid, and there were as many as seventeen bottles, and he also had a little confidence in swallowing the holy flame.

"Holy Flame..."

"Wait for me..." Xiao Yan carefully put away seventeen bottles of blood spirit ice liquid, and then murmured.

"I don't know if Yueru and the others are okay..."

"Forget it, it should be fine, I'll go take a look first..." Xiao Yan also shook his head, although the blood spirit ice liquid was harvested from this trip to the Infernal Corpse Forest, after all, there is something in this ghost town that attracts Xiao Yan. , so Xiao Yan will not leave easily.

"It's finally at the bottom of the well, how can this **** ghost town be so deep..."

"It's really weird..." Mu Feng's voice came slowly.

"Who!" Yueru also followed Mu Feng to the bottom of the well, and then suddenly saw a man in black with a heavy foot on his back, but at the bottom of the well, there was not enough light so he couldn't see anyone clearly, so he was also vigilant.

"it's me."

"Why did you come down?" Xiao Yan also called out the flame, and then the light shone, Mu Feng and Yueru also saw Xiao Yan's true face, and immediately felt relieved.

"Hey, it's not that Yueru is worried about you, because she's afraid that something will happen to you..." Mu Feng said suddenly.

Hearing this, Yueru's pretty face was also slightly red, but it was not easy to find in this ghost well.

"Xiao Yan, have you noticed anything?" Yue Ru also hurriedly changed the subject.

"Nothing to find, I just came here and was entangled by a mysterious creature, and there was some fighting..."

"But it ran away..." Xiao Yan also sighed.

"The temperature here seems a little cold..."

"The atmosphere here is also very strange and cold..." Mu Feng looked around at the bottom of the ghost town, and did find some traces of fighting.

"Xiao Yan, where are the things you need?" Mu Feng's eyes moved, as if he remembered something, he said.

"It should still be inside..." Xiao Yan also looked contemplative.

"in?"

"According to my investigation, there is an extremely terrifying existence sealed in the depths of this ghost well..."

"If it's still inside..." Mu Feng also hesitated.

"Does it have to be?" Mu Feng turned back.

"Life is at stake." Xiao Yan responded indifferently.

"Let's go, while we still have some time, let's take a good look at this ghost town, and just show you how good I am, hehe." Mu Feng also smiled, obviously knowing that there are powerful forces in this town ghost well. Xiao Yan's existence is also resolutely forward, Xiao Yan is quite surprised by this, many of them are moved, such a friend is indeed worth meeting.

"Let's go."

"Don't worry, there will be nothing wrong with me." Xiao Yan also smiled and took the lead in walking away.

"Yeah." Yueru bit her lips slightly.

"Hey hey hey, this is what I said, okay..."

"Stealing my lines again..." Mu Feng also complained extremely depressedly, but the discerning person knew that Mu Feng was just a knife-mouthed and tofu-hearted person, and it was just talk.

The three of them drove slowly along the passage at the bottom of the ghost town well.

The speed is extremely slow. Obviously, in this unknown and dangerous place, we have to control the speed and drive slowly. After all, the unknown is the most terrifying.

"Go here..."

"here……"

"This……"

The three kept walking in the ghost town well, all led by Xiao Yan, because Xiao Yan used the reason that something deep in the town ghost town called him, so the two did not have too much doubt.

"Be careful, this is already the edge of the depths of the ghost town..." Xiao Yan also suddenly reached out to stop the two, and then said in a low voice.

"What the **** is in the depths of this ghost town, why is this mourning sound so sad..." Mu Feng had obviously been out fighting monsters and ghosts for many years, so he was quite sensitive to these things.

"I don't know, but be careful." Xiao Yan also said, and then Xiao Yan came here under the guidance of Long Yi before, otherwise, with Xiao Yan's words, the intricate road of this ghost well is enough It can make Xiao Yan dizzy.

"Is there no road here..." Xiao Yan whispered in his heart and talked to Long Yi, while his master Jinlong Wang was paying attention to the movement around him, and he would tell Xiao Yan as soon as there was any trouble.

"here……"

"This seems to be the sealed door in the ghost town!"

Ask for a ticket! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: