Chapter 657: The last 5 teams

Each of the three huge mountain ranges in Luoling Mountain has extremely powerful restrictions, so it is necessary to master three wooden cards at the same time to enter in an instant. Not necessarily able to get in.

But what's interesting is that even with three wooden cards, entering the Five Elements Mountains is not a constant thing.

Because this is a random event, it may not be possible to teleport you to the other two mountains.

The night came slowly. After Xiao Yan and the others left, they came to a hidden corner outside these three mountain ranges to settle down. After all, the entrance to the three mountain ranges had to use three wooden signs to enter. The current Xiao Yan They only have two in their hands.

"Is there any news?" Xiao Yan's group of five slowly settled down, and then Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying went out to check at the same time, while the other three remained silent!

"According to the news I just got, I'm afraid there are still five teams left in the Luoling Mountain, plus us." Mu Yingying said.

"Five?"

"Then there are four other teams besides us?" Mu Feng asked in confusion.

"Yes, that's right."

"Out of the four teams, the Dawning team should be able to rank in the top three. As for the team that ranks first, they are the most outstanding people in their temple." Xiao Yan said lightly.

Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying went to inquire about the news, naturally they knew it from the mouths of some teams that no longer had wooden cards.

"As far as I know, the four most outstanding people in the temple formed a team, the team."

"Among the ground teams, Wang Chen in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor is the weakest. This team is undoubtedly the strongest. There are only two powerhouses in the late-stage Six-Star Dou Emperor, and even the Six-Star Dou Emperor is successful. There is another strong person, whose strength is unfathomable." Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"So terrifying?" Mu Feng heard the words, and looked at the green flute beside him. The two of them have not yet reached the strength of the six-star Dou Di. If they were against this team, they would probably only be a burden to Xiao Yan.

"The strength is only a rough estimate, it may be more terrifying than this." Xiao Yan paused, then looked at Mu Feng and said.

"But now we are still a piece of wood away, how can this be good?" Green Flute also knew that the absolute difference in strength was not something that could be made up.

After all, the five-star fighting emperor and the six-star fighting emperor are not at the same level, not to mention that the strength of those people has reached the late stage of the six-star fighting emperor!

"There is also a women's team among the top three teams." Mu Yingying hesitated for a while and then spoke.

"Women's team?" Mu Feng opened his mouth in surprise when he heard the words.

The number of women, let alone the Hall of Earth and the Hall of People, even the entire Burning Incense Pavilion, the number of women is quite small, not to mention that this team of women can actually rank in the top three.

"Although it is a women's team, don't underestimate them. Although the strength of this women's team is not as good as that of the first-ranked local team, it is undoubtedly much stronger than the Dawning Team." With a wry smile, he opened his mouth.

"Because their entire team is in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, and the captain is in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor." Xiao Yan continued.

"Four-person six-star Dou Di mid-stage?"

"A late-stage Six-Star Dou Emperor?" Mu Feng couldn't help being surprised when he heard the words. Mu Feng knew that Xiao Yan would naturally deal with this late-stage Six-Star Dou Emperor.

But at this time, Mu Yingying and Lingxuan were also strong enough to deal with a mid-stage Six-Star Dou Emperor, but even so, there were still two left.

The two powerhouses in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di are powerful enough to change the entire battle situation.

"Then there's another team?" asked the green flute.

"There is another group of registered disciples of our Human Temple, this can..." Xiao Yan said with a slow smile.

"What?" Ling Xuan, who had been silent for a while, suddenly spoke up.

As we all know, the ten teams that can enter Luoling Mountain are probably very strong. The remaining teams that can be eliminated in the first round may have some strength. How could this named disciple be so terrifying?

"Don't say you don't believe it, it's true." Xiao Yan naturally saw Ling Xuan's doubts and said.

"Since this is the case, then our goal can only be placed on the women's team and the Dawning team." Brother Mufeng glanced at the green flute, and then spoke.

"I also feel that way."

"And the Dawning team just fought with them, and I have a good understanding of their power. If I encounter them, I am afraid that the odds of winning are quite high, but I don't think they will appear easily."

"As for the women's team, we have too little information. I'm afraid we can only wait here." Xiao Yan analyzed carefully.

"That's actually the case, everyone rest early, pay attention to concealing your breath, and once I find their traces, I will set off immediately." Xiao Yan said.

"Yes." After speaking, the group went back to the earthen house.

This earthen house is impressively Xiao Yan's masterpiece.

After swallowing the Fire Heart Tianyan, Xiao Yan found that he seemed to have a lot of mastery of the earth attribute. Obviously, this mysterious mastery naturally came from Shengyan, but the secret in it, even Xiao did not understand it. do not know,

"Captain, we only have two wooden plaques on hand now. If we want to enter the three major mountain ranges, we need one more." In a bush, five women slowly gathered together.

One of the dark-skinned women by her side stepped forward slightly and said to a plump woman with a domineering aura.

"Is there one more piece..."

"Recently, we have had a lot of battles with other teams, both big and small. It's just strange that their brothers and sisters' wooden cards were all taken away by the **** team." The female captain scolded hotly.

This hot girl is named Ling Yun, and she is one of the best female heroes in the Hall of Earth.

Not only is his own strength outstanding, but he has reached the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di at a young age, and the power of the sixth-grade students in his body is adding style!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"How many teams are there now?" Ling Yun said to the dark woman. "Captain, now there is Xiao Yan's team plus a team of registered disciples of the Human Temple, four teams of Earth and Dawn, and the other teams have already withdrawn from Luoling Mountain." The dark woman slowly Open your mouth.

"In this case, first go to the named disciple in the Hall of Looking for People, and then go to the Dawning Team. If you really can't go to find Xiao Yan's team." Ling Yun's eyes flashed a hint of decisiveness, and then sorted out the order.

"Captain, why not Xiao Yan's team..."

"There are two five-star fighting emperors in their team." The dark woman said inexplicably.

"Haha, that kid Xiao Yan is the guy who is favored by Elder Zhu. I don't believe that Elder Zhu will treasure his strength and not teach Xiao Yan anything."

"In my opinion, I'm afraid this Xiao Yan's threat is second only to the ground team." Ling Yun said.

"Captain, who is that mysterious person in that team..." The dark-skinned woman seemed to be shocked by Ling Yun's high evaluation of Xiao Yan, and then said.

"That guy..."

"That guy is the woman I admire the most in the entire Fenxiang Pavilion, no one." As soon as Ling Yun remembered the last mysterious figure who joined the team, a frenzied fighting intent emerged in his eyes!

"Send my order to radiate the aura of our position. Now that the time has come, there is no need to hide it." After Ling Yun finished speaking, a plan slowly filled his heart.

"Yes!" The dark-skinned woman seemed to understand Ling Yun's meaning, and the four of them dispersed, apparently to spread information.

Ask for tickets!