Chapter Vol 2 725: A different Zhu Yuan (Happy Halloween)

"Second Senior Brother Earth Hall?" Xiao Yan heard the fearful opening of one of the younger brothers, the trembling in his voice was obvious, and he immediately became puzzled.

This second apprentice brother in the Earth Palace is named Zhu Yuan, and his current strength should be at the level of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor, and with that status, it can be said that he is the strongest among the disciples in the Earth Palace today.

Xiao Yan also can't remember how he was remembered by such a great god. After all, he didn't do anything.

"Second Senior Brother of the Earth Palace?" Mu Feng was immediately surprised when he heard the words.

As the intelligence spy of the five people in Wuzhuju, Mu Feng naturally knew the news.

"As far as I know, the second senior brother in this hall has a little bit of a difference to you, Xiao Yan."

"When you were in Luoling Mountain before, it should have been that weird thing, which resulted in not winning the first place. In addition to the current Tongtianhe incident, because you haven't come out for a long time, you have delayed entering the Douji Pavilion, so..." Mu Feng thought quickly in his heart, and then explained to Xiao Yan.

"asshole!"

"What are you talking about!" Seeing this, Hong Qi scolded his two younger brothers.

How did these two guys give Zhu Yuan a confession? If this matter is passed back to the second senior brother, I am afraid that the three of them will not be able to eat and walk away.

"By the way, and when you came back to Fenxiang Pavilion and passed through Burning Heaven Territory, this guy was also in charge of Burning Heaven Territory, so I am afraid that Wang Chen's affairs have nothing to do with this guy." Mu Feng thought of the above again. Some things, he said immediately.

"Zhu Yuan, right? Let's wait for our new hatred and old hatred to settle together!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a ferocious killing intent suddenly emerged.

"Come on!" Hong Qi immediately shouted loudly.

Although this is the Burning Incense Pavilion, God knows if this Xiao Yan will do some crazy things.

"Haha, your disciple is a ruthless character." Just as Xiao Yan's killing intent emerged in the sky, a laughter sounded slowly.

"You still have the face to say?"

"If it wasn't for the aggressiveness of these guys in your dungeon, why wouldn't we be like this."

"They did this just to protect themselves, and there was nothing wrong." Two arguing voices slowly emerged from a void.

If you want to tear apart the space above the Doudi Continent, I am afraid that the lowest strength is only possible if you have the 8-star Doudi level.

The people who came were Xiong Yuan and Mu Xuzi.

"Hong Qi, what are you doing here?" The next moment, Xiong Yuan's smile gradually solidified, and then a majestic voice sounded.

"Reporting to the deputy hall master, we are here mainly to compete with the disciples of the Human Hall. After all, the sect competition is imminent, so..." Hong Qi said still unwillingly, trying to pass the test.

"Do you see me as dim-eyed?"

"Go back, don't be ashamed here!"

"I'll give you a day, if you don't take the initiative to come to me to explain the situation, then you can't blame me!" Xiong Yuan finished speaking, his eyes flickered sharply!

Seeing this, Hong Qi secretly scolded him for taking such a difficult order from the second senior brother. If he had known, he would not come. Now it's good. He lost his wife and lost his army. He really regretted it for the rest of his life.

"Yes, Deputy Hall Master!" After Hong Qi finished speaking, he left here directly.

"The strength of your disciple..." Hong Qi had just left, and Xiong Yuan Zaidu suddenly resumed his smile, as if nothing happened before.

"The Six-Star Dou Emperor is complete." Mu Xuzi said happily.

"This kind of improvement is too fast, isn't it?" Xiong Yuan smacked his tongue secretly, and said quite enviously.

"Don't think that I don't know your thoughts, Xiao Yan is from our Human Palace, don't think about it." How could Mu Xuzi not see what Xiong Yuan was thinking, he immediately stopped.

"Hey, I just thought about it." Xiong Yuan was not embarrassed when Mu Xuzi saw through his thoughts. Smile slowly.

"Xiao Yan, you stayed in the ninth-level cultivation cave for two full months. This broke the history of our Fenxiang Pavilion since its establishment." Mu Xuzi laughed.

"Oh?"

"I don't know how many people have entered before me, and how many days have they stayed?" Xiao Yan suddenly became puzzled when he heard the words. After all, in the Tongtian River, if it wasn't for his own soul power to restrain the mysterious pressure, according to Xiao Yan's estimation , I am inside, but if I can't stay for ten days, I will be expelled by that mysterious power!

"Before you, a total of thirty-one people entered, of which, only eight people could last for more than ten days. As for the strongest person, even if they persisted in it for twenty days, they were also ruthless. "

"It's just that I didn't expect you to be a good kid, and I stayed in it for two full months." Mu Xuzi said with tears in his eyes.

"I see." Xiao Yan suddenly smiled when he heard this.

"Okay, this time we are here mainly to inform you that tomorrow, the Dou Ji Pavilion will be fully open, and then you can freely enter and leave the Dou Ji Pavilion to choose Dou Ji practice." Mu Xuzi said seriously.

"Doujige?" Xiao Yan was slightly startled when he heard the words.

Although he is now extremely powerful and has reached the level of a six-star Dou Emperor consummation, he has a pitiful few Dou Skills in his hands, and many Dou Skills are even used on the Dou Qi Continent, which is undoubtedly a long way behind others.

After all, fighting skills are also an important basis for measuring a person's strength.

"So, the treasure of our human hall, the moving sky ruler, is also inside?" The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly remembered something and said.

"That's right, the moving sky ruler is also inside, but this fighting skill, since I met you and the establishment of the Fenxiang Pavilion, no one has been able to learn it." Mu Xuzi heard Xiao Yan talking about the moving sky ruler, and immediately felt a burst of emotion in his heart.

Although this Heaven Shifting Ruler is extremely tyrannical, no one has cultivated it since ancient times. UU reading www.uukanshu.com

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

But what surprised Mu Xuzi was that he intuitively told himself that this kid named Xiao Yan seemed to be struggling more than building some legends.

"I hope this kid can cultivate successfully. After all, our Human Palace has been quiet for too long." Mu Xuzi finished. He left with Xiong Yuan, obviously to inform others.

"Let's have a good rest today, everyone will enter the Dou Ji Pavilion tomorrow." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he took the lead in heading towards his room. The training these days was too heavy, so it was time to take a good rest.

In the Hall of Earth, Zhu Yuan was sitting on a pavilion in a bamboo forest path.

"It looks like those guys failed." Holding a cup of tea in his hand, he said leisurely.

"However."

"Then if Xiao Yan really has the ability, then step on me and go over. As long as he can win the competition in the sect behind him, there is nothing to be afraid of using me as his stepping stone."

"But I have already prepared so much. If you can't defeat me, then it means that the eyes of Zhu Lao and the hall masters are wrong."

"Even then, I will still provoke this role."

"Xiao Yan, I've done so much, I hope you don't let me down." After Zhu Yuan finished speaking, he returned to calm.

I wish you all a happy holiday!

Five more today!

Ask for a recommendation ticket, ask for a guaranteed monthly pass, ask for a reward!