Chapter Vol 4 1971: Xu Shao's death!

"Woohoo!" At this time, countless stones had already broken apart on the square, and one after another conspicuous cracks emerged from the square.

The void distorted and burned, and the seven-color lotus seeds were quietly suspended in mid-air, a chain of reincarnation fire tens of thousands of feet in size, quietly crawling.

Looking at the seven-color fire chain so close at hand, Yan Feng was shocked, cold sweat and fear swept out uncontrollably, and even his face became extremely ugly.

"Break me!" Before Yanfeng could make any move, Xiao Yan's voice, like a thunderous thunder, completely spread here.

"Xuuuu!" Xiao Yan's voice fell, and the seven-colored fire lotus completely drained Xiao Yan's last remaining vindictive qi, and immediately broke away gently, whistling away towards Yanfeng.

For a time, on the seven-color lotus seeds, the gorgeous seven-color colors evolved into a dazzling luster, and the sound of space breaking up continued to sound, and the seven-color lotus seeds were surrounded by countless seven-color flame beams, like guards. Firmly protect it.

And along the way, all the flowers, trees, and even the air that were touched by the seven-color beam of light were instantly turned into dust, and there was no way to fight back.

Seeing this scene, Yan Feng shook his head suddenly, and finally underestimated this guy, but he knew that the most terrifying part of the seven-color fire lotus was probably the lotus seed itself!

The blessing of the seven holy flames is enough to threaten his life!

"Lock me up!" With a raised arm, the profound fighting spirit in his body was like a long river, directly pouring into the chain of fire in the square, trying to compete with it.

"嘁偁嘁!" The fire chain burst out with a very harsh sound, and shot directly at the seven-color lotus seeds, and the surrounding space was directly pierced by it. Obviously, this guy's attack is by no means child's play!

But the strange thing is that no matter how roaring and turbulent the chain of fire is, when it touches the whole body of the seven-color lotus seed, it is suddenly bounced away!

Obviously, the power of the two is not on the same level after all.

"How is that possible?" At this moment, Yan Feng's original dignified expression was replaced by a stunned expression. This was his strongest blow. If this level of attack was useless, I'm afraid...

"Want to run?"

"Too late!"

"Since you have grievances with our strong Xiao family, as a junior, I would be happy to give you a ride."

"By the way, since you are proud of your immortality, then I will beat you to pieces!"

"Seven-color lotus, bloom." Xiao Yan roared violently, the madness in his voice was hard to contain!

"Boom!" At that time, the entire plaza suddenly shrank at first, and immediately stopped beating like a heart, and after the blink of an eye, it suddenly spread, and there were countless waves of flames that destroyed the world!

Shocked by Xiao Yan's roar, and the countless seven-color beams of light pinning his body firmly, Yan Feng could only retract the ten thousand zhang chain of fire, trying to form a tyrannical defensive barrier around his body.

The seven-colored fire lotus just exploded, and the ten-thousand-zhang chain of fire in front of Yanfeng was directly swallowed up by its seven-colored flames. Immediately, he stood on the execution ground like a criminal, allowing him to be slaughtered.

Yanfeng's body was penetrated by countless seven-color beams of light, but because he possessed an immortal magic technique, there was no change in it, but the pores on his body suddenly shrunk, and the power of belief weakened a lot.

"Resist me!" Seeing that the power of belief in his body was weakening, Yan Feng didn't dare to hesitate. In his old body, endless vindictiveness was vented, trying to protect himself!

It's a pity that the power contained in the seven-color fire lotus far exceeded Yanfeng's imagination. After the continuous attack, the core energy of the seven-color fire lotus, like a white halo, broke away from the center of the explosion and swept directly towards Yanfeng!

Above the sky, only a meteor-like white flame light group could be seen, with the flame breath of divine power, illuminating the entire square, and even the two dark red coffins, which trembled slightly.

"Boom boom boom!" Seeing this, Yan Feng was helpless, a terrifying aura emerged, and then a mighty Sanskrit sound spread out completely, and with it, there was a heat wave that spread out.

"Pfft!" The scorching temperature and the divine breath. In just one breath, most of the hilltop plaza was destroyed. The empty space in the plaza, which was full of holes, was now distorted.

However, the black stone and its seal formation were intact.

"Are you alright?" Su Xueying directly protected Xiao Yan with the blessing of her black lines when this attack spread, and immediately asked with concern.

"It's okay..." Xiao Yan said reluctantly.

"..." This destructive explosion lasted for several minutes, and then it slowly subsided. However, as the aftermath of the battle dissipated, a bottomless dark abyss appeared in the plot where Yanfeng was located!

At the entrance to the abyss, there are still some extremely hot flames remaining.

"Bang bang bang!" Just when Xiao Yan and the two were hesitating, a dark red coffin exploded directly above the sky, and a dense white bone was turned into powder under this explosion.

"As expected, the guess is correct." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan couldn't help but laugh.

It seems that this so-called undead magic has many restraint methods, Xiao Yan is relieved now.

"By the way, where is Xu Shao?" The next moment, Xiao Yan asked.

"Where is he?" Su Xueying heard the words took back her holy flame, and immediately took Xiao Yan to a relatively safe place.

"What's the situation?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan asked Xu Shao with his eyes closed, his breath rising and falling, and he wondered.

"He seems to have entered the realm of reincarnation." Su Xueying guessed.

"Since that's the case..." Xiao Yan heard the words and placed ten seals around him in a row. Among them, the Dou Qi soul formation was complete. After finishing everything, he held the ancient ruler behind him, and a smile appeared.

"It's useless... I just tried it." Seeing Xiao Yan's move, Su Xueying shook her head.

"Crack." With a sound, the ancient ruler above Xiao Yan's arm shone brightly. Under the shroud of colorless flames and holy patterns, it directly cut Xu Shao's soul body in half in front of him, and countless vitality disappeared.

"Boom!" Following Xiao Yan's move, the clouds in the sky of the square started to wriggle in a weird way, and then three figures fell one after the other!

Feng Wan'er, Yan Yan and Xu Shao!

It's just that now the three of them are covered with scars, and even Feng Wan'er's eyes showed a chilling aura when she saw Xiao Yan, and Xu Shao also shrank his pupils tightly and looked at Xiao Yan with great resentment. , roared heart-rending: "Little bastard, I'm going to kill you!"

"Holy flame burns the soul!"

"It's over for Xu Shao." Xiao Yan didn't care about this, and with the last bit of grudge, he summoned Sheng Yan and violently burned Xu Shao's soul body with a sword and a second rank!

For a time, a roar of ghosts and wolves spread out, and Xu Shao's breath dropped rapidly, there were faint signs of falling, and even the last dark red coffin above the sky, there were also cracks emerging!

I'm afraid this time, things should end.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: