Chapter 561: Mu Yingying's situation!

Xiao Yan fought wits and courage with the soul liquid in the secret room. After all, although this soul liquid was deprived of its spiritual wisdom by a certain great power, it would also have a certain resistance to swallowing Xiao Yan out of instinct.

Devouring the soul liquid can certainly increase the power of the soul, but in order to pursue a better choice, Xiao Yan chose to deal with the soul liquid quietly!

After all, I want to maximize the effect of volatilizing this soul liquid, after all, remove all other impurities in this soul liquid.

As for the three of Shanyao, they were also in the room with their beautiful eyes closed, constantly recovering their breath!

Waiting for Xiao Yan's exit, he will go to the top of the desert mountain range!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Elsewhere in the desert mountains, this is a huge forest!

The forest is full of hundreds of square meters, and the trees and some monsters in the sky are constantly appearing and appearing, disguising this place into a dangerous place that is naturally natural!

"What on earth is there in this forest..."

"Why does it feel like it's calling me?" Mu Yingying came towards her, but Bei Lip murmured.

Since she separated from Xiao Yan at the beginning, Mu Yingying was teleported here.

After teleporting here, Mu Yingying found that it was a dangerous place, with monsters constantly appearing and appearing, plus some traps, which almost made Mu Yingying stunned, but fortunately, what Mu Yingying had learned was true It saves danger.

After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she raised her head and looked at the deepest part of the forest...

It seems that the person who called her voice came from here, but Mu Yingying never knew what the voice was, but vaguely guessed that the voice should be made by the king of the forest. After all, she can live in the depths of the forest. The position is terrifying...

"Forget it, let's go and have a look." After a brief thought, Mu Yingying decided what was in her heart.

The reason why Mu Yingying decided to go and have a look is because there is no other way to go here. In addition, Mu Yingying has a holy flame and is quite confident in her own strength, so she made such a decision.

In the forest, monsters kept appearing and appearing, but Mu Yingying was carrying holy flames, and she could always feel that these monsters were abnormal, and even felt that many monsters had the aura of foreign evil races, but in the shock of holy flames Under the sight, these monsters were forced to retreat.

"It seems that there should be something extremely terrifying in this desert mountain range..."

"Otherwise, how could the aura of this foreign evil race invade so seriously..." Mu Yingying said as she looked at the monsters that kept appearing not far from her.

"But it's strange. Although there is holy flame, why don't these monsters attack me?"

"Or they can't see me?" Mu Yingying was full of questions.

Just when Mu Yingying hesitated, a blue light beam suddenly swept towards Mu Yingying from the deepest part of the forest!

"There is a situation!" Mu Yingying's aura rose to the extreme, and she immediately became vigilant!

The next moment, the blue light beam stopped instantly not far from Mu Yingying!

"This..." Mu Yingying was confused by this sudden scene.

"Come with me..." A faint breath spread out from the blue light beam, and then entered Mu Yingying's mind.

"What the **** is this blue light beam, why are these monsters so afraid..." Although Mu Yingying had a guess in her heart, she couldn't help saying.

"Forget it, let's go in and have a look. I hope you don't have any malicious intentions, otherwise, even if you can't use the power of holy flame, I will make you pay the price!" Mu Yingying let out a coquettish sigh, and then she didn't stop and walked straight up. , and then go towards the blue beam!

"It's getting closer and closer to the depths of this forest, why do I always have an uneasy feeling in my heart?" Mu Yingying kept walking under the guidance of the blue light beam, but she couldn't help but tremble in her heart!

Step by step……

As Mu Yingying approached, the more she could find that the holy flame in her body became irritable and restless, as if she had encountered some natural enemy!

"What's wrong with you?" Mu Yingying immediately noticed the strangeness of the holy flame in her body, and immediately her heart sank, she said to the holy flame in her body.

The holy flame in Mu Yingying's body is different from ordinary ones. The holy flame in Mu Yingying's body is sealed as if by her. Although she can mobilize the power of holy flame, there is a difference.

"Weng buzzing!" The holy flame in Mu Yingying's body seemed to make a weak sound, and then circles of blue holy flames spread out from Mu Yingying's body instantly.

"Is there... something here?" Mu Yingying also noticed the intensity of the holy flame at this time, and immediately asked slightly.

As Mu Yingying approached, all the monsters in the forest retreated, leaving a path to the depths of the forest.

"Huh... what is this?" Mu Yingying forcibly suppressed the curiosity in her body, but after walking for a while, she found that there was no way in front of her.

"This blue light beam should have spread from the inside..." Mu Yingying said thoughtfully.

After thinking for a while, Mu Yingying did not hesitate, she was covered in the power of azure blue holy flame, and then suddenly approached slowly in front of her.

"Enchantment?" Just after taking a few steps, Mu Yingying found that it was difficult to move forward, and it became extremely difficult to move forward!

"How come there is an enchantment here?"

"Such a strong barrier, what exactly is in it?" Mu Yingying couldn't help asking.

As soon as she finished speaking, Mu Yingying gritted her teeth and continued walking.

"Pfft!" Finally, under the terrifying power of Mu Yingying's azure blue holy flame, her figure trembled slightly, and then she sank directly into it.

Mu Yingying only felt a sudden dizziness in her head, and then her figure suddenly trembled Then she passed through the barrier and entered the depths of the forest.

"This is..." Mu Yingying entered the mysterious barrier in the depths of the forest, her eyes lit up.

What was reflected in Mu Yingying's eyes was a space that was several meters in size. There were no fancy decorations in the space, and there was only a mass of black that was extremely rich!

The black color is like a roundworm that clings to the bone marrow of a person, and it is so attached to it that Mu Yingying can't find out what it is!

The entire space is very small, only a few meters in size, and all around the space is bound by the enchantment. The only thing in the space is a wooden stake connected to the land.

There are a lot of age marks on the stake, obviously I have a lot of years, but on the stake, something wrapped in black energy slowly appeared!

A trace of extremely evil aura came from above the stake, causing Mu Yingying to wrinkle her eyes slightly.

"Is this the alien race..." Mu Yingying said in a deep voice.

As soon as Mu Yingying finished speaking, the azure blue holy flame that appeared all over her body was like a fierce tiger, staring at the black aura, and a mortal enemy-like aura spread out instantly!

"Calm down!" Mu Yingying heard the words, and immediately forcibly suppressed the restlessness of the holy flame in her body!

Mu Yingying knew the grievances between Sheng Yan and the evil race outside the realm, and immediately suppressed the restlessness in her body!

"Save me..." An extremely weak voice emanated from the wooden stake shrouded in the evil aura of the evil race from outside the realm.

Ask for tickets!