Chapter 422: The highlight is the Emperor Rank 2 Earth Pill, Fire Qi Pill!

"Hehe, I believe everyone has been waiting for a long time, right?"

"With the approval of our Xuanling Royal Family Appraisal Group and the owner of the three-flowered pupil of the blue snake, the final auction winner is the person who bid for the pair of yin and yang hearts." A piece of white paper quietly appeared in Xue Qiangwei's hand, with a few words on it. Small print appears.

"Susu... I never imagined that the Dou Di Pill's prescriptions were all compared..."

"It can't be said that the Dou Di Pill's prescription is to develop the younger generation, and this double-patterned yin-yang heart is high-end combat power... If it were me, I would probably choose this double-patterned yin and yang heart." The sound of the private room is also constantly coming out.

"There are also a lot of strong people in this auction. I'm afraid that this kind of thing will not know who will end up in the end." Zhu Lao also smiled, obviously he also had the answer in his heart. The girl was photographed by the person in the No. 7 private room. As for the yin and yang heart, it should have been taken by the owner of this furnace.

"Uncle, how do you say this?" Mu Feng also asked in doubt.

"In the Xuanling Royal Family and Xuanling City, it is forbidden to fight openly and secretly. It's just... Outside the scope of the two, the Xuanling Royal Family will not care."

"That will be the climax of this auction."

"After all, many forces have already ambushed many powerful people outside Xuanling City." Elder Zhu also said slowly.

"That's really a bit difficult..." Xiao Yan shrugged when he heard the words, then stopped talking, and turned to look at the blood roses in the field.

"Next... is the highlight of this auction."

"Everyone, please look at the crystal platform." After Blood Rose finished speaking, a round platform suddenly protruded from the ground above the dazzling crystal platform.

The diameter of the round platform is about ten feet in size, and the whole body is silver. At first glance, it can be seen that it is made of special metal. As for the top of the round platform, there is a white Dou Qi light shield. something to cover up.

It's just that everyone can feel an extremely strong energy from the Dou Qi light shield!

Such a terrifying Dou Qi light shield, I am afraid that it is an eight-star Dou Emperor level powerhouse, and it cannot be destroyed in a short time!

"What the **** is this... It is so precious to protect." Some thoughts also emerged in everyone's mind.

The next moment, as the white mist on the crystal platform slowly disappeared, the silver metal round platform also showed its true colors.

Beneath the Dou Qi light shield is a lifelike fiery red elixir the size of a longan.

The elixir is extremely ruddy, and at first glance it is not of ordinary quality. Around the fiery red elixir, there is a lively miniature dragon inhabiting it. It looks like it is really ordinary!

"This is Huo Lin Dan." Xue Qiangwei also smiled slightly, and then her slender eyelashes moved, and a very sweet voice echoed throughout the auction hall.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Huo Lin Dan?"

"It's actually this kind of thing..." There were some extremely surprised voices in many private rooms.

"What is Fire Lin Dan?" Mu Yingying also found out, since the blood rose said this Fire Lin Dan, the atmosphere of the entire auction hall has become extremely hot!

Its popularity is even more popular than the previous three-flowered eyes and double-patterned yin-yang heart!

"It's actually a fire pill..."

"Huo Lin Dan, a special kind of medicinal pill, the function of this medicinal pill is to let people have the medicinal pill to advance to the current barrier, and the most useful one is probably when breaking through the battle of immortals."

"This fire unicorn pill can not only greatly increase the success rate when breaking through the peak of Dou Di, but also after the breakthrough, there is a slight chance to summon the ancient unicorn fighting spirit!"

"If you are lucky, if you conquer this ancient unicorn, this ancient unicorn will become the fighting spirit after you are promoted to Dou Xian, then its strength will also increase exponentially!"

"If the double-patterned yin-yang heart just now is a magical medicine to break through the perfection level of the Eight-star Dou Di, this Fire Qilin Pill is a magical medicine that can break through the peak of Dou Di, and can even lead to the ancient Qilin!" Xiao Yan It is also a little bit greedy. Obviously, the effect of this fire unicorn pill, even him, is all tempted.

"Shabu Shabu!" With the appearance of this medicinal pill, an extremely huge scene appeared on the crystal stage of the entire auction hall in an instant.

"Aw!" A low voice came directly from the Dou Qi light shield above the crystal platform, and then there was another scene on the entire crystal platform.

At this time, on the crystal platform, there were dense dark clouds, and lightning flashed constantly. A milky white unicorn was also slowly lurking, and a very strong Danxiang also emanated from the milky white unicorn!

The milky white unicorn raised its head and collided directly against the cloudy sky, and then the power of the two suddenly exploded.

"Shabu Shabu!" Countless Dan rains also fell down, and bursts of invigorating Dan Xiang also permeated the entire auction hall from the crystal platform!

"Just now...that was..."

"The spirit of medicinal pills!"

"This Fire Qi Dan is worthy of being a second-grade emperor-rank earth pill, and it actually possesses such a high level of intelligence..."

"The scene just now, obviously this Huo Qidan did it on purpose, to compete with the sky!"

"Such a terrifying medicinal pill..." There was an instant commotion in the entire auction house, and some of them were quite discerning people who also recognized the situation just now.

"That's it..."

"Master, she doesn't have much time in the old man's house. We must get this medicine pill so that she can break through the current ban... Otherwise, the master will also..." The two women of Poison Sect also stared at the fire qi pill with beautiful eyes, and then Bei's lips parted slightly.

"Although this thing is good, we should not touch it..."

"Let's go, third prince, we have nothing to do here." In the private room No. 1, an old man also said slowly.

"En." Xuanmu also responded, and then left the private room directly. The residual picture he took will be delivered to him afterwards.

"This thing..." Inside the private room of the Blood Blade Mercenary Group, the female leader and the man with scars also spoke slowly.

"This thing is still too reluctant for us now... Forget it."

"The person who convened our Blood Blade Mercenary Group is contacting that Xiao Yan, get ready to go." The female leader also said slowly.

"Yes, head!" After the scarred man finished speaking, he also left the private room and went out to run errands.

"Huoqidan... Compared with the thing in the desert, it's not worth mentioning..."

"But is there really such a thing as holy flames in the desert..." After the woman finished speaking, she also stared at the auction center.

"Susu..."

"If this thing is photographed, I'm afraid the door owner will be very happy!" In a certain private room, there are three figures in cloaks.

Two tall and one short, they were the three people Solomon sent to encircle Zhujin!

It's just that the three people at this time did not know that Zhu Jin had already set foot on the level of a half-immortal. Otherwise, a nine-star Dou Emperor-level powerhouse and two eight-star Dou-Emperor-level powerhouses would give them a hundred Courage is not dare.

Ask for tickets!