Chapter Vol 4 2197: Conspiracy!

"Yep."

"Pass my order to bring all the captives of the southern tribe, Moore, you are responsible."

"It is rumored that Mr. Yi from the southern tribe is a master of kindness and power..."

"This time, the southern tribe was broken by Her Royal Highness's little trick, but I want to see if his own life is more important or his subordinates are more important."

In the words of the headed old man, a faint confident expression emerged, and he was calm, as if all this was just a joke in his opinion.

"Yes, Mr. Chief."

The elf man who was called Moore by the old man respectfully said.

The fire elves have a deep heritage, and they are definitely not outsiders, but they are fighting for the election.

The area of ​​the elf island is extremely large, covering about a hundred miles, but now it is surrounded by many strong men from the western tribe, and the compression is only one kilometer.

On the periphery of the elf island, there is a river of about tens of meters flowing. Above this river, countless purple flames linger, and every beat will try to bypass the river and step into the elf island. Repel, it seems that this purple flame has a fatal threat to them.

The elf island was wrapped by a layer of energy barrier, and around the edge of the barrier, circles of purple flames lingered, and the last remaining piece of paradise was tightly protected, and even in the purple flames, there was a charming and fairy figure, If it is looming, under that kind of power, even the reincarnation powerhouse can only be dimmed.

"Sir, take some medicine pills to restore your strength."

At this time, inside the elf island, in the quiet mountain stream, beside an imposing man, there are two old figures and a beautiful and colorful elf woman.

The man sat cross-legged on a rock, his eyes contained some kind of ancient fluctuations, and even at the center of his eyebrows, a trace of purple flames formed a special and mysterious mark, beating slowly.

With a slender body and handsome cheeks, there is clearly a sullen aura, but this figure is very familiar to Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yi!

Today's Xiaoyi is no longer the new fire spirit that he used to be, with the growth of the Holy Flame embryo and the Seal of Reincarnation, and his status is already the commander of the southern tribe of the three major tribes. Some fight.

"Pills to restore vindictive energy, as well as pills to restore injuries, distribute them to the injured brothers."

After Xiao Yi glanced around, she saw that the injuries on the elf who followed her behind her were not optimistic, and a rare coldness appeared in her eyes.

"My lord, the situation is in crisis now. Later, we will gather everyone's strength to forcibly break through the void and send you away from the sea of ​​heaven."

It seems that after thinking for a long time, the two Samsara elders spoke to Xiao Yi.

"Second seniors, who are you?"

Xiao Yi was dumbfounded, there was a strong murderous aura in her eyes, this time she was indeed negligent.

"My lord, Princess Alice sent the army of the western tribe to attack us, and we were caught off guard. Moreover, the fighting strength between our two tribes is not proportional. Once you are caught, the last hope of our southern tribe will be completely annihilated. ."

"As long as you can wake up the things that have been sleeping in the fire elves for a long time, everything we do is worth it."

"It's a pity that the other two tribes made such absurd actions for their own selfishness. They are obviously targeting you, Lord."

"Sir, if you are captured, the two electors will disregard the life of the lord and forcibly seize the imprint of reincarnation in the body of the lord, and then..."

The two elders couldn't help but look gloomy and worried.

On the other hand, the other elves not far away were originally handsome men and women with dignified appearance, but now their cheeks are disfigured, their clothes are dripping with blood, and there are large and small scars on their arms and bodies, which greatly reduces their combat effectiveness.

"If I leave, then all of you will fall here completely."

"Don't talk about it anymore."

"Even if we fight to the last soldier, there will never be any traitors in our southern tribe who escape without authorization."

Xiao Yi waved her hand and said decisively.

"Ugh……"

There was a strong sense of relief in the eyes of the two reincarnation elders. Although this adult has a very good temperament and is decisive in killing, but now it is difficult for him to protect himself.

"Boom!"

Just as everyone was talking, a loud voice emerged from outside the Elf Island.

"what happened?"

Xiao Yi hurriedly got up and asked the group of elf guards behind her.

"Hey, Mr. Yi, what do you think this is?"

A spooky laughter echoed straight from the space outside the elf island.

"Squeak."

With a sound, the elf man Moore just appeared on the edge of the Purple Fire River, his body instantly lifted into the air, and with a wave of his palm, two dying figures emerged from the void.

The aura on the two guys was extremely weak, and the elf shackles bound their figures firmly.

"That's... the second of the three bodyguards of Lord Xiao Yi?"

"This crazy guy!!!"

Dozens of elves in the elf island saw this, their fists rubbed together, and their eyes turned red unconsciously.

"Kneel down for me!"

The elf man Moore, who appeared behind him, had a trace of contempt at the corner of his mouth. With a flick of his finger, he pierced the ankles of the two men, and the blood flowed out uncontrollably. , seems to be deliberately provoking Xiao Yi.

"Moore!"

"Don't go too far!"

"The headquarters used to have clear rules that no damage should occur in internal battles."

"You are trying to provoke the authority of the headquarters of the fire elves."

In the elf island, the elf woman beside Xiao Yi roared, and the thick anger slanted out like a volcanic eruption.

"Hey, the rule issued by the headquarters is that death and injury are strictly prohibited. I did this just to teach some ignorant guys a lesson, so it makes sense."

"It is rumored that the commander of the southern tribe, Lord Xiao Yi, is a bright master, but now it seems that his name is not true."

"I count to three!"

"If I don't show up, I will kill the two of them."

"For the victory of Her Royal Highness the Princess, even if I bear the guilt, it's okay."

Moore sneered and said, the void around him trembled slightly, as if it contained some kind of terrifying power.

"one."

A long voice sounded stinging the elves in the fairy island. The sound was more like a death bell. Once it reached the realm, I am afraid...

"Sir, you can't go."

"This is clearly a conspiracy."

The two Samsara elders said with trembling voices, they knew Xiao Yi's heart very well.

"Now... is there any other better way?"

Xiao Yi got up, the purple flames spread slightly all over her body, and a beautiful female ghost appeared. Even so, it couldn't hide the feeling of weakness on Xiao Yi's body.

"two."

"Crack!"

When he counted to two, Moore's palm rolled, and a bunch of brown flames emerged. Then, without any cover, it fell directly into the souls of the two elf men. The painful touch made their faces distorted. It seems that it will completely fall at any time.

"grown ups!"

"Come on, this is a conspiracy!"

"Leave us alone!"

"It is my honor to be your subordinate in this life!"

"Self-destruction, elf glory!"

The two looked at each other, and then bursts of dazzling light appeared all over their bodies, and righteousness emerged, unexpectedly wanting to use self-destruction to ease the current difficult situation!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: