Chapter Vol 4 1187: Set off, go to Dongzhou!

"Hehe, it's finally here..." Yu Yifeng heard the words, got up immediately, and walked over to Xiao Yan and Deadwind. As for Yu Xiaoye, who was standing on the spot with an incredible face, it took a while before he walked over. Wake up.

"Sure enough." Xiao Yan had just stepped into the courtyard. After seeing Yu Xiaoye, he knew that his previous guess was correct, so he was not too surprised. Lead through.

"Brother Yu, let me introduce you."

"This is the guy who took the ground dragon blood crystal this time."

"Xiao Yan, this is exactly the guy you need, an alchemist at the peak of the third rank of the emperor." Dead wind brought Xiao Yan to the gate of the courtyard to meet Yu Yifeng, so he introduced.

"It's a blessing to meet Yu Yifeng." Yu Yifeng heard the words, stretched out his huge palm, and shook it towards Xiao Yan.

Although this guy from the Dead Wind Team is highly rated, Jade Legacy naturally wants to try the truth for himself.

"It's a pleasure to meet." Xiao Yan also stretched out his palm and held Yu Yifeng together.

The next moment, the palms of the two were easily undone, and no one found out that something was wrong, but Xiao Yan's eyes flickered with a hint of doubt. Obviously, after the seemingly simple handshake, this Jade Legacy actually used his soul power to test himself?

Although Yu Yifeng is strong and powerful, at the level of a three-star fighting immortal, but his soul power is quite weak. This kind of temptation is tantamount to making an axe in front of Xiao Yan.

"Damn, this guy has such terrifying strength, this strength is probably even stronger than Yu Gan in the early days of the Three Star Fighting Immortals!" Xiao Yan gave Yu Yifeng a very high evaluation just by shaking hands.

"This is Jade Relic Wind, the general leader of this team." Death Wind Zaidu introduced.

"This kid, there should be some secrets on his body, coupled with his keen sense of smell and powerful soul power, he broke my investigation in an instant. It seems that what Death Feng said is not weak." Yu Yifeng also thought to himself.

"Captain Yu, let's get down to business now." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Let's go, let's go in and talk." Yu Yifeng glanced at him, and then smiled, since this guy has initially verified that he has a huge soul power, he is naturally qualified to talk to him calmly.

"Let's go." As soon as the voice fell, the three of them walked directly towards the wooden house. As for Yu Xiaoye, she was fierce outside, and she didn't know what she was thinking.

"There is no one here and it is relatively safe. Regarding this mission, as long as the mission secrets are not mixed, you can ask if you have any questions, little brother." The three of Yu Yifeng entered the wooden house and said immediately.

Yu Yifeng knew that Xiao Yan was about the same age as Xiao Ye, and at such an age he had reached his current strength, so he must have something to rely on. Although they need to use his soul power, they should not be too accustomed to Xiao Yan. Everyone is a strong person with a heart higher than the sky.

"Captain Jade, to be honest, what I did this time was to go to Dongzhou from here to participate in the comparison of Dongzhou."

"It's a long way from Ghost King City to Dongzhou, and I just wanted to find some team that recognizes the way to go together. In addition, I took the ground dragon blood crystal, so I think..." Xiao Yan said with a smile, and the old fritters like Yu Yifeng , of course, is also the point to the end.

"Nature's little brother is so frank, and I said it clearly."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Our team has been walking on Dongzhou all the year round, and we are quite familiar with many routes in Dongzhou. We can say without hesitation that from this ghost king city to Dongzhou, where are there any ferocious spirit beasts or even beasts? It's power, it's all clear."

"Little brother wants to go to Dongzhou, and there are inevitably various difficulties along the way, but if you follow us, you can undoubtedly avoid many problems."

"As for the ground dragon blood crystal, if it wasn't blocked by a certain creature, we wouldn't put it up for auction."

"That creature's strength is not strong, and we have failed several times in its hands. After a few times, we also understand that that creature seems to be quite afraid of soul power, so when necessary, we want to use our little brother to use soul power to help us. get through it."

"This time the road is dangerous, but I only need the little brother to use his soul power to help me at a critical moment. In return, we will not only give the little brother enough remuneration, but also send the little brother to Dongzhou safely." Yu Yifeng said word by word, his words were very sincere. If Xiao Yan was also a fledgling guy, he would definitely be deceived.

"It seems that this guy is worthy of being an old fox, something that can make Samsung Fighting Immortal powerhouses fear, I am afraid that not only soul power can handle it."

"And looking at him like this, he should be hiding something from me."

"What kind of creature cannot be dealt with by a three-star fighting immortal powerhouse, but actually needs soul power." Although Xiao Yan said with a smile, he was calculating quickly in his heart.

"I don't know what level of creatures I need to deal with?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively.

"Don't worry, little brother, that creature is not strong, it's just a little special. With our team here, you'll be fine." Yu Yifeng seemed to be worried and smiled.

"A creature that can make the three-star fighting immortals fear, I am afraid that it is too dangerous for my strength as a star fighting immortal."

"And for a pharmacist, soul power is comparable to life." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"This kid is really cunning." Yu Yifeng heard the words and smiled slowly, but he was secretly surprised. If it were an ordinary person, Yu Yifeng would not treat him like this.

"Don't worry, little brother, this transaction will definitely only win and not lose."

"More things involve mission secrets."

"If the little brother believes in us, then you can give it a try. If you don't believe it, then forget it."

"We're going to have a meeting, and we're going to start nonstop." Yu Yifeng also said slowly.

"These guys are quite loud." Xiao Yan was about to refuse, but was interrupted by the words of the Soul Eater.

"Just follow them. There are too many forces in Yinhuntian, and many sites are forbidden places by others. If you invade in chaos, I'm afraid your ~ is enough."

"And I'm also a little curious, there is something in this ghost world that can make the three-star fighting immortals so hot." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"I promise you." Xiao Yan was naturally not afraid of these red tapes, and promised directly.

"Then I wish us a happy cooperation in advance." Yu Yifeng heard the words, Zaidu laughed, and his voice was full of profiteers.

"We're in a hurry. If little brother has nothing else to do, how about leaving now?" The next moment, Yu Yifeng said.

"Right on my mind."

"Let's go." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he got up and followed.

"Xiaoye, call everyone and go." Yu Yifeng heard the words and said directly to the outside of the house.

"Okay." Although Yu Xiaoye was sick, she still did not dare to be too presumptuous in front of her second uncle, so she agreed to go and call her teammates.

After a while, a full five figures came to the courtyard. These five figures were all wearing black cloaks and capes, covering their bodies tightly.

"Dead brother, let's go first." After Yu Yifeng finished speaking, he took his teammates and Xiao Yan, and a total of seven people quietly left the Ghost King City.

"I'm almost leaving too."

"Xiao Yan, I hope to meet you at the ratio of Dongzhou."

"Brother Yu, I also hope that your mission will be fulfilled." Seeing the seven-member team slowly leaving, Dead Wind sighed.

. Wonderful Bookstore