Chapter 261: All-out battle!

"Boom boom boom!"

Yin Xie and the Nine Soul Monument attacked together viciously, producing an extremely terrifying explosion.

"Do it!" The Nine Souls Monument also said coldly.

Obviously, to deal with this evil, the Nine Soul Monument at this time is also helpless. After all, the power of the two has also consumed a lot.

Wu Jiang, Hu Du and Tianhuo Shenghu also looked at each other when they heard the words, and then the terrifying fighting spirit spread from their bodies in an instant, and then launched an attack on the evil spirits.

Terrifying and successive attacks followed, constantly attacking the evil spirits.

"Damn..." Yin Xie was also shocked. Wu Jiang and Hu Du broke the power of the ghost in his body to protect his body. He didn't expect this...

After losing this layer of terrifying defense, Yin Xie's strength has also dropped a lot, and he also consumed a lot of strength in the previous attack with the Nine Soul Monument, so his expression became solemn!

"Susu!" The low voice also echoed slowly on the illness of several people in Wujiang. The four extremely dark chains on Yinxie's body also appeared, and they continued to resist the attack of the four.

As soon as he appeared, he attacked the four with a monstrous evil aura!

"Hahaha!"

"Yin evil..."

"The twin ghost emperors are two in one after all, and your half strength is still weaker after all..." The Nine Soul Stele also laughed.

Although this Yin evil has just gathered the power of the Yin Corpse Forest, and successfully broke through the half-step eighth-rank Ghost Emperor, but as long as the true meaning of Meizizi is merged into one, then they still have a chance!

"Humph!"

"Then give it a try!"

"Susu!" Yin Xie also snorted coldly.

On top of the pitch-black chains, one after another extremely terrifying ferocious spirits murmured, and then flew towards the four of them!

"Shabu Shabu!"

The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger's four flame barriers emerged, and instantly blocked the four black ones, but above the flame barrier, a faint blue flame was slowly beating.

Wu Jiang was also surprised. Obviously, he did not expect that the five-star Dou Di-level Heavenly Fire Sacred Flame could resist the attack of the evil spirits.

"What are you doing here!"

"Come down!" Tianhuo Shenghu also knew that his defense would definitely not be able to resist this evil attack, just to buy time for them, but when he saw a familiar figure in front of him, he shouted loudly.

"Count me in." Mu Yingying bit her lips slightly, and then the blue flames all over her body also slowly surrounded her body.

"That's..." At this time, Xiao Yan on the ground was also staring at Mu Yingying in the sky. The blue flame on her body seemed to...

It seems a little strange...

"This flame on Mu Yingying's body is definitely not an ordinary flame..." Xiao Yan also concluded at a glance, because Xiao Yan felt that the flame in his body was somewhat afraid of the blue flame on Mu Yingying's body...

"That flame..."

"It's more terrifying than the new flames created by the fusion of your twenty-three different fires..."

"But it's still a little weaker than Saint Flame..." The Golden Dragon King's voice echoed.

"Isn't this azure flame a holy flame..."

"Why do I feel that this azure flame is a little weird!" Xiao Yan also said to himself.

Xiao Yan felt an extremely terrifying fluctuation from the blue flame, but sometimes the fluctuation became dull!

It's as if it disappears and appears from time to time!

"Senior!" Xiao Yan thought to no avail, he also walked forward, then looked at Xiaoyue in front of him, and supported his weak body.

"Cough cough cough..."

"I'm fine, I just didn't expect that the power of this evil spirit is so terrifying..." Xiao Yue's originally handsome face also showed some fatigue.

"Senior, is there no way to do this evil..." Xiao Yan also murmured.

"I'm here because of this..."

"I can feel that there is some extremely terrifying power in you, and the evil spirit just revealed the body for a moment..."

"This evil is not an immortal body..."

"As long as it hits his heart, then he is also broken, but the defense at the heart is quite terrifying, if one is not careful..." Xiaoyue also said, saying that Xiaoyue did not continue to say here, because this kind of is A thankless thing.

"I go!"

"It's a repayment to senior for teaching space shuttle skills." Xiao Yan also said, and then there was a serious flash of decisiveness.

"no!"

"Xiao Yan, you can't go!" Yue Ru's slightly angry voice also appeared.

"The strength of that evil evil is now comparable to the strength of a human eight-star Doudi powerhouse. Even if it consumes a lot of strength, it is not something you can handle..."

"I absolutely disagree!" Yueru also said angrily.

"This time, let me be willful once."

"Don't worry, I will come back alive. After all, I haven't helped you complete your inheritance, so I won't leave easily..." Xiao Yan also laughed, but an invisible force bound Yueru to the spot!

Yueru still wanted to say something, but she was helplessly restrained in place, but at this time Yueru was very quiet and had no intention of struggling. However, Xiao Yan believed that as long as she made any mistakes, then Yueru would be fine. Hesitating to unlock the seal of inheritance...

Before leaving, Senior Yueyu still asked Xiao Yan to take good care of her.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, milky white flames instantly covered his entire body, and then he suddenly lifted into the air!

Because Xiao Yan possesses huge soul power, he also knows that the four people in the sky can barely fight against the evil spirits. If there is no one who really attacks, then the fate of these people is only one!

Fall!

This is obviously not what Xiao Yan wants to see So Xiao Yan also shot.

"Why are you standing still!"

"Give him the final blow!" Tianhuo Shenghu also said.

Immediately, he launched an attack.

"Are you Xiao Yan..." Mu Yingying obviously did not expect this Xiao Yan to be so bold, and she did not flinch in the face of this powerful ghost emperor.

"I can't change my name, I can't change my surname." Xiao Yan also smiled slightly.

"This is not a place you can come to. You should go to the lower bunk." Mu Yingying also bit her lips slightly, obviously she did not take Xiao Yan's previous record in her heart at all. After all, those were ordinary competitions, and this was the real the fight...

The present person is Xiao Yan's strength in the early stage of the Four-Star Dou Di, which is really not enough to see.

"Hehe, you don't have to worry about it. Since I dare to come up, I have my plans..." Xiao Yan also said coldly.

"You!" Mu Yingying was also at a loss for words. It was obvious why Xiao Yan was so inhumane, what could his strength in the early stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor be able to do here...

"I don't like hiding behind a woman." Xiao Yan also laughed. After speaking, he ignored Mu Yingying, and then an unheard of terrifying aura suddenly surged out!

"This is..." The evil eyes on the side stared at the azure flames on Mu Yingying's body, which seemed a little unbelievable. The ghosts around her body were also deeply afraid when the azure flames appeared!

Ask for tickets!