Chapter Vol 4 1080: resentment

"King Xuanling!"

"What are you doing!" Seeing this sudden change, Zhu Jin couldn't help crying.

The Gorefiend Right Guard is already under their cooperation and has no fighting power, but the Xuanling King is so ruthless and directly obliterated it completely, not to mention that he can get some useful information from the Gorefiend Right Guard mouth. King Xuanling made it clear that he was against himself.

However, the Gorefiend Right Guard is more or less aware of the cooperation between the Xuanling King and the Gorefiend, so for the public and private, the Xuanling King will not give the Gorefiend Right Guard any chance to live.

"Today is the Great Demon Extermination Ceremony, and it is bound to wipe out the Gorefiends completely. How can we leave troubles later?"

"And do you think the Gorefiends will betray their alien race so easily?"

"If you leave them behind, you might be attacked by other evil races from outside the realm in the future. Can you afford that responsibility?" King Xuanling said eloquently.

"Bastard." Zhu Jin frowned, and his anger had already emerged slightly.

"Huhu."

"This time, the Gorefiends should have completely fallen, right?" said Ye Qingtian, the Pill Ghost beside him.

Not only the Pill Ghost Ye Qingtian had guesses, but other immortal warriors also had guesses. After all, it only takes immortal warriors to obliterate the evil race from outside the realm. Therefore, the so-called Demon Extermination Ceremony of the Xuanling King may not only be It's as simple as killing the Gorefiends.

"Since the Demon Extermination Ceremony is over, it's time for me to leave." Seeing that the Gorefiends were all wiped out, some super sect powerhouses said, obviously they had a premonition that Xuanling King's Some plans are just not broken.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hehe, everyone, don't worry, there is still a good show waiting for you, Yipin. Wouldn't it be a pity to leave like this?" And King Xuanling looked at the leaders of several super sects headed by the Ancient Desolate Hall and smiled slightly. road.

King Xuanling had been preparing for today's plan for a long time, so how could King Xuanling let these strong men leave easily?

"Oh?"

"A good show?"

"Could it be..." After hearing the words, the master of the Ancient Desolate Palace glanced at the positions of Zhu Jin and the others.

However, in the next moment, King Xuanling's voice to retain many strong men just fell, and his eyes will be turned to Zhujin everyone.

"The Gorefiends have been completely wiped out, but it's time to understand the grievances between our Xuanling Royal Family and you Burning Incense Pavilion and the Medusa family."

"You Burning Incense Pavilion obliterated our Xuanling royal family's disciples who participated in the sect competition, and even killed my royal prince..." After a while, an invisible and tyrannical force emerged from King Xuanling.

"One Star Fighting Immortal is complete?"

"How is that possible?" Seeing the tyrannical aura that suddenly erupted from King Xuanling's body, even Zhu Jin, his pupils couldn't help shrinking tightly!

It can be said that the cultivation of Dou Xian is as difficult as reaching the sky, even a small level is enough to consume a lot of time. This King Xuanling can be called Dou Xian from the peak of Dou Di. It can be called a unique talent.

However, King Xuanling is not the first stage of One Star Fighting Immortal or even the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortal, but a genuine One Star Fighting Immortal Consummation!

"All irrelevant powerhouses, please step aside. This is a personal grievance between our Xuanling royal family and them."

"If it is mixed, they will be dealt with together." King Xuanling said slightly, with an undeniable evil in his voice.

"Huhu, it seems that the four forces of Fenxiang Pavilion are in trouble this time."

"King Xuanling is now a complete strength of one-star fighting immortals, plus Qin Tian is also a fighting immortal, and there are many powerhouses in the dragon-loving army, I am afraid that these four alliances do not have much chance of winning..."

"Fortunately, we changed our countermeasures at zero hour and didn't go with them. Otherwise, the current situation would be a little overwhelming." The palace master of the puppet palace said in a deep voice in his heart.

"Humph."

"King Xuanling, you are nothing but nonsense."

"Your Xuanling royal family colluded with the foreign evil clan, but now you are using the foreign evil clan as a bargaining chip without authorization."

"It's unfortunate for your family to have a scum like you in your Xuanling royal family."

"Furthermore, in the sect competition, but countless people clearly saw the evil power in your Xuanling royal family disciples, what else can you say?" Zhu Jin didn't seem to be afraid, and did not panic at all. road.

"Hahaha."

"Full of nonsense."

"No matter what you say today, your four sects cannot escape death." King Xuanling's body rose slightly into the air, and a wave of fearful power slowly spread out.

"Joke!"

"Don't you know how many bad things your Xuanling royal family has done secretly?"

"Today is the day when our four sects jointly attacked your Xuanling royal family." Not long after, the snake-shaped scepter of Shefu hit the air heavily, and an indescribable force of venom emerged.

"Dragon-loving Legion, capture Shefu and Zhujin for me, the Sect Master of Poison Sect, leave it to me!" King Xuanling, who was in the air, said directly to the nine members of the Dragon-loving Legion who were guarding the altar below. .

"Okay." Qin Tian stood in front of the team and directly agreed.

"The eight of you are responsible for stopping Douxian Zhujin, and Zhuo Lao, you are responsible for stopping Banxian Shefu."

"As for the pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion, leave it to me." Under Qin Tian's pupils, there is a trace of blood that is extremely obscure. This kind of blood is very similar to the soul ball on King Xuanling, but I don't know if there is any connection between the two.

"Why does this Qin Tian and the people from the Dragon Addiction Legion seem to have changed their temperament?"

"They weren't like this in the past..." Zhu Jin looked at the Qin Tian who arranged the crowd without any movement, and the expressions of the six members of the Dragon Addiction Legion were like a pool of stagnant water. He always felt that something was wrong, but he couldn't say it. Come.

"Do it!" The four Zhu Jin looked at each other and said immediately.

At this moment, the one standing here can be regarded as the top power of the entire Xuansan Santian, so everyone in Zhujin is also clear that if they lose, the four allied forces will only die, so before they find out the details of the Xuanling royal family They will not easily summon the coalition forces. After all, once they are summoned, it is time for the real life and death.

"Should we do it?" And stood quietly by the side, watching the Xuanling royal family and the four Zhu Jin are so arguing, the Dan Gui and the ancient desolate hall next to them, slowly talking with their soul power.

"The eight sects that promised to burn the incense pavilion before should not regret it."

"Now we can only see the situation first."

"If it's a critical moment, you must do it."

"Although we can't stand on the bright side and be the enemy of the Xuanling royal family for the sake of our respective sects, but after all, we promised Zhu Jin and the others in advance."

"If Zhu Jin and the others are defeated, according to King Xuanling's temperament, they will definitely not let them go. When all four of their sects are destroyed, Xuan Tiantian will be able to fight against them, but there are very few sects, I'm afraid it won't be long. It's our turn." Dan Gui analyzed.

"If they win, then everything is easy to say. If they want to lose, they must take action. Otherwise, the consequences can be described as..." said Jiujianxian of Wanjianmen at this time.

"En." All the super sect powerhouses nodded at the same time, and then looked at the battle in the sky.

In the sky, incomparably tyrannical battle circles spread out slowly.

Some people actually said that I wrote it and then developed it separately?

Now I write it every morning, send it at noon, then write it after lunch, and send it in the afternoon, all of which are sent on the same day as the code. I have been sitting in front of the computer all day to code, so it's not like what you said, okay?