Chapter Vol 4 1295: Soul clan?

"Boy, if you are distracted by battle, you will die!" Just as Xiao Yan was talking with Duan Tianfeng's soul voice transmission, the black figure did not stand still, and the dazzling black gas on his body turned into a substantial energy battle. Halberd, directly grasped the bottom end of the halberd, and pierced the sharp part towards Xiao Yan!

Above the halberd, an extremely dark ghostly aura filled the air, and then burst into Xiao Yan with a fierce aura.

"Shabu Shabu!" There was a burst of cold light on the sharp point of the halberd, which directly shook the void around Xiao Yan.

"It's good to come."

"Seventh layer of breaking the sky!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan took off the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire Heng directly behind him, and then the dazzling fire attribute vindictiveness suddenly emerged, instantly covering the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire Heng, his pupils clenched tightly. Shrinking, a terrifying momentum slowly diffused out.

"Two-star Fighting Immortals in the early stages of fighting against the late Two-star Fighting Immortals, this is a bit too laborious..."

"I am afraid that this guy will lose in a few rounds... The only kid in the top 100 who is in the early stage of the two-star fighting immortal..." Looking at the terrifying offensive of the two in the competitive mountain range, some of the outer powerhouses couldn't bear it. Live in whispers.

"This guy's strength is a bit different from the Kingdom of Ghosts. Isn't he from the Kingdom of Ghosts?" Du Tianfeng, the third master of the sword-forging Thunder Valley in charge of this competition, also frowned.

This man in black, obviously they had discovered it long ago when they entered Leicheng, but they didn't do it for a long time, in order to lay a long line and catch a big fish.

At this time, the sky-shattering battle was slowly spreading over the competitive mountain range.

"Bang bang bang!" The black halberd roared towards Xiao Yan with a very gloomy aura, and above Xiao Yan's Yihuo Eternal Ancient Ruler, there was also an extremely hot flame aura. The two just collided, and the sky suddenly filled Sparks were falling all over the Athletics Mountains.

"boom!"

"Shabu Shabu!" With a bang, two forces exploded directly, and then Xiao Yan and the figure of the man in black fell towards the rear at the same time.

"This guy is a bit tricky." The man in black pondered as he stepped back. Obviously, even Xiao Yan's strength in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian would give him a strong pressure. capsize.

"This man in black should undoubtedly belong to the soul clan." Xiao Yan also thought while backing away.

Xiao Yan has fought many battles with the Soul Clan on the Dou Qi Continent, so he is very familiar with the spirit of the Soul Clan.

However, Xiao Yan was also a little surprised that this guy didn't use the Soul Clan's usual trick, Soul Lock.

I'm afraid it's because he didn't dare to use it in order to prevent his identity from being exposed. Otherwise, there is a powerhouse at the level of Du Tianfeng, and if he uses the means of the soul clan, he will be arrested immediately.

After all, neither the soul clan nor the ghost kingdom have a very friendly reputation.

"Soul Shadow!" The next moment, the man in black didn't hesitate, exclaimed directly, and then the figure disappeared into the competitive mountain range out of thin air.

"A fighting skill to hide a figure..." Xiao Yan naturally retreated to stay away from the explosion just now, but he just stabilized his figure and suddenly saw the shadow man coming.

"This should be quite a profound exercise, and it can even hide the breath..."

"However, it's too much to underestimate me Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan's pupils were tightly closed, and then the dazzling soul power directly permeated the mountain range in all directions. In a short moment, the entire competitive mountain range was given to Xiao Yan Sweep away.

"This guy, such a tyrannical soul force... It seems that it's time to hurry up."

"There should be something on him. If I get it, I'm afraid the palace master and the others will be very happy." After the man in black finished speaking, his figure moved quickly, in order not to let Xiao Yan's soul power probe.

"The speed of fighting qi can't be faster than the soul power!" Xiao Yan sneered, and controlled the dazzling soul power to chase the man in black, but in order to prevent any accidents, Xiao Yan deliberately divided a energy Avatar.

"Suffer to death!" At this time, the man in black was thousands of meters away from Xiao Yan, but the space in front of him suddenly wriggled strangely, and then he quietly escaped from the pursuit of Xiao Yan's soul power. In front of Xiao Yan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Die!" Xiao Yan closed his pupils tightly at this time, the space around his body squirmed slightly, a palm surrounded by black energy, carrying a dagger with countless exquisite patterns, stabbed directly at Xiao Yan's celestial cover. go!

"Not good... This dagger is a weapon of the second rank of immortal rank!"

"If it goes on like this, I'm afraid Xiao Yan will definitely die!" Seeing this, Yu Ran outside the competitive mountain range saw a burst of panic on her pretty face, and hurriedly turned towards Du Tianfeng, trying to seek help.

Duo Tianfeng naturally saw this scene, but he did not rush to take action. Although Xiao Yan reached the fourth rank of Immortal Rank alchemist at a young age, his achievements in the future would be limitless, but if he underestimated the enemy and lost his life, he could not blame others.

"Alas..." And many of the powerhouses outside the arena sighed slightly. It was obvious that even they were helpless with that kind of close-range attack, and they could already see Xiao Yan's mind being pierced in their minds.

"Shabu Shabu!" The man in black hadn't fully appeared yet, he just grabbed the dagger in his hand and stabbed Xiao Yan away. The reason for doing so was so sudden that Xiao Yan had no time to prepare.

"Pfft." With a sound, the man in black suddenly seemed to be assassinating with a powerful blow, but when he hit Xiao Yantian's spiritual cover, it instantly turned into a puff of smoke.

"Separate?"

"Not good!" How could the man in black know that Xiao Yan had already dealt with it. When he saw that his attack hit his clone, the space was squirming and he was ready to escape.

"Wait for you for a long time."

"Good luck with a punch, jumping over mountains and rivers!"

The space behind the man in black also wriggled in an instant, and then a flaming fist composed of fiery red flames directly hit the exposed arm of the man in black.

"Clang!" The arm was hit so hard, a sound of broken bones sounded instantly, and the dagger also slid down, falling directly into the mountains.

Don't look at Xiao Yan's easy blow, but it contains the power of the fire attribute Fighting Immortal whose spirit has been tempered by holy flame. With the increase of fighting skills, its power is far from comparable to ordinary fighting skills~www. mtlnovel.com~ Moreover, when the fiery red flame just hit the arm of the man in black, a trace of the flame hidden inside also burned directly into the body of the man in black!

The power of holy flame not only has a natural restraint on foreign evil races, but also has an extremely tyrannical aura when it comes to the ghostly aura of ghost world creatures.

"Little bastard!" Seeing this, the man in black flashed all over his body, and then his left arm flashed a sharp beam of Dou Qi, cutting his right arm straight off!

"Tsk tsk tsk..."

"It's really worth it!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't give this guy a chance to breathe, his breath came out, and he blasted away at the man in black.

"I... admit defeat!" The man in black conceded defeat for no apparent reason, and then Du Tianfeng also appeared on the field, ending the match.

"In this game, Xiao Yan won and advanced to the top 50."

"As for the losers, don't be discouraged, there is still a round of resurrection competition to enter the top 50." Duan Tianfeng said.

"Since today's competition is over, I won't bother you any more, and go back to rest first."

"Farewell!" After the man in black finished speaking, he directly covered his only remaining right arm and looked at Xiao Yan resentfully.

"En." Duan Tianfeng said with a light smile.

It's just that the man in black clearly didn't notice at this time that a very weak khaki flame was quietly floating in his body, and Xiao Yan and Duo Tianfeng watched the figure of the man in black leave, He also laughed involuntarily.