Chapter Vol 4 1505: Soul Palace 6 Soul Reverence Soul Evil!

"Susu!" With the roar of the earth spirit blood falling, everyone's eyes were slowly drawn away by a void in the bamboo forest.

"Weng buzzing." The void slowly wriggled, and suddenly an extremely tyrannical aura permeated from it. After a while, a mysterious black-robed figure stepped out.

"Earth spirit blood general, your strength in the middle stage of the four-star fighting immortal, even a few three-star fighting immortal powerhouses can't deal with it. It seems that I really think highly of you." The black-robed figure just appeared, and his voice was filled with a hint of confusion. With a rather strange aura, he scolded the Earth Spirit Blood General directly.

"The guy from the Soul Palace?" Liu Qing was shocked when he heard the words.

Although the base camp of these guys in the Soul Palace belongs to the same continent as their Holy See, the strength of the Soul Palace is very widely distributed, covering almost countless planes, and they seem to be secretly planning some unknown secrets. Before Liu Qing left, His master had instructed the guy to be careful with the soul hall.

"Soul Palace?" Yuan Hong's eyes flickered when she heard the words. Obviously, this faction's bad reputation had already spread far and wide.

"Stop talking nonsense, let's do it together!" The Earth Spirit Blood General disagreed and snorted coldly.

"Soul Palace Six Soul Venerable?" Seeing the strange black-robed figure that suddenly appeared, Xiao Yan's heart became hot. If he could catch this guy, I am afraid that with their Soul Palace information and this guy's status in Soul Palace, More or less know some secrets about the Xiao family.

"Be careful, although the strength of these six souls is only a complete three-star fighting immortal, but I am afraid there is some means of pressing the bottom of the box." With the appearance of the black-robed figure, the Lord of Soul Eater exhorted.

"You are that Xiao Yan, right?" After a while, the figure in black robe slowly came to the Earth Spirit Blood General. He didn't act rashly, but looked at Xiao Yan and spoke slowly.

"I can't change my name, I can't change my surname." Xiao Yan also had a strange smile on his mouth.

"The good thing that has repeatedly destroyed our Soul Palace, this time, I will arrest you and send it to the Soul Palace, so that you can taste the pain of the soul, and let you know the fate of offending our Soul Palace!"

"Susu!" A strange sound came out from under the black robe's figure.

"I have this plan too."

"If you let me capture you, I will definitely **** your soul source completely." Facing the threat of the black-robed figure, Xiao Yan disapproved and said with a smile.

"Remember the name of the deity, the six souls of the soul hall, the soul of the soul!"

"Xiao Yan child, let this deity die!" Immediately, as the voice of the soul fell, a strange black mist filled the whole body, and then burst into Xiao Yan with the strange black mist. In the middle, there are countless sinister powers hidden.

"Brother be careful!" Xiao Gui couldn't help but remind him.

"Xiao Gui, Qi Fei, the two of you will deal with the blood generals, Liu Qing and Yuan Hong will protect Yuan Yan." Xiao Yan ordered, and immediately began to fight with the ghost.

Liu Qing's strength is weak, but with the light attribute, he can play an extremely tyrannical auxiliary role. As for Yuan Hong, although his strength is tyrannical, protecting Yuan Yan is the primary task, so he will not rashly take action.

"Boy, it's not a wise choice to offend our Soul Palace!" In a flash, the soul evil came to Xiao Yan, and the dazzling black mist condensed directly on his chest, and it was vaguely turned into a stroke of about a foot. On the black knife, there are countless mysterious lines wrapped around it, and among those lines, there is actually a frightening scream.

"Using the soul power of human beings as a weapon is really in line with the style of your soul hall... However, I also want to have a break with you."

"Holy Flame Space!" A light hum came from Xiao Yan's body, and a dazzling space immediately enveloped the two of them.

"Where's Xiao Yan?" Yuan Yan couldn't help but be surprised when he saw Xiao Yan who had disappeared suddenly. After all, the existence of the Holy Flame Space is similar to that of a domain, not like a formation. It is difficult for ordinary people to notice that it is brought into a different space with the enemy. Unless the caster disarms or dies, the holy flame space will not easily disappear.

"Oh……"

"Holy Flame Space?"

"That is to say, there seems to be a holy flame hidden in your body, which is really surprising to me." After a while, the soul inhaled by Xiao Yan into the holy flame space did not have any uneasiness. Weird laughter.

"Don't worry, I also need the source of the soul in your body." Seeing this, Xiao Yan snorted coldly. In the holy flame space, his own strength will be increased, and the soul evil is the soul of a strong soul in the soul palace. The body of the soul, Sheng Yan naturally has the power to close to destruction for them, so the current situation is undoubtedly that Xiao Yan has the upper hand.

"A person from the lower realm can also have today."

"But your good luck, this is the end!" In an instant, Soul Evil was not talking nonsense with Xiao Yan, the black knife in his hand drew dozens of obscure attacks in front of him, and circles of black energy ripples that were close to destruction, Suddenly burst out!

"Go!" At the next moment, dozens of black energy ripples shot directly at Xiao Yan, and the sacred flame space that passed along the way showed a rare tremor.

"Red Flame!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan did not dare to neglect, the power of the dazzling fiery red celestial seed spread out in an instant, trying to resist the ripples of black energy.

"咻咻!" It is strange to say that the black knife in the hand of the soul does not seem to be a mortal thing. The circles of mysterious lines set it off to the extreme, and even above the black energy ripples, there are also circles that are exactly the same. texture.

"Weng Om Om!" The black energy ripples were tyrannical, but under the burning of Xiao Yan's great celestial seed, they instantly turned into mists and disappeared into the holy flame space.

"Shabu Shabu!" As these black energy ripples disappeared, Xiao Yan's spirit palace, which had always been calm, trembled strangely The knife in this guy's hand can actually affect my soul power. ! At this time, Xiao Yan was also surprised.

"His black knife is probably an immortal weapon made from countless souls."

"Use the power of holy flame, I always feel that this guy seems to have other plans for something in you." After a while, the Lord of Soul Eater said.

"En." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and then did not take it lightly. The khaki-yellow flame of the Fire Heart Tianyan in his body slowly lingered out, and even the khaki-yellow prismatic Saint Flame Crystal appeared in his hand, and With the emergence of the holy flame, it echoed with the holy flame space, the dazzling holy aura permeated out, and the suppressed soul aura became disordered.

"Finally willing to use holy flame..."

"Then it's a matter of courtesy, I'll also show you the true power of Soul Hall Soul Venerable." As soon as the voice fell, the black energy in Soul Sin's body suddenly became strange, and circles of terrifying fluctuations slowly radiated out.

These two guys are finally going to use real means.