Chapter Vol 4 860: Lord Solomon retreats

"Qin Tian?" Hearing this, Guni immediately took a few breaths.

The three major legions of the Xuanling royal family are known to all.

Among them, the prestige of the Dragon-loving Legion was spread throughout Xuan Santian!

The Dragon Addiction Legion, the strongest legion under the Xuanling royal family, consists of ten people in total!

Among the ten people, the weakest one is also at the rank of eight-star Dou Di, and its leader Qin Tian is a real Dou Di peak powerhouse!

"Is this the relic of the Fairy Moon?"

"Sure enough, it's a powerful suppression. If we didn't take that thing, I'm afraid our strength would be limited." At this time, the eighth-ranked core suddenly spoke.

As soon as the voice fell, the eyes of the ten people all glanced at the molten world.

"Fighting Soul?" The ten people exclaimed at the same time when they saw the Vast Sea Hood in Gunny's hand and the quiet undead ghost behind him.

Among them, Qin Tian's pupils are the most prominent!

Qin Tian had been trapped at the peak of Dou Di for too long, and at the same time, most of the powerhouses had broken through to the half-immortal level, so Qin Tian was naturally anxious.

"Looking at the appearance, this fighting spirit should be the undead ghost." Qin Tian opened his mouth slightly, but his voice was full of fiery heat!

This undead ghost is just right for him. If it devours the undead ghost, Qin Tian has nearly 80% confidence and will directly break through to Dou Xian!

It is a real fighting immortal, not a half immortal!

"Sect Master Solomon, it's really been a long time." After a while, Qin smiled and said to Sect Master Solomon.

"Qin Tian, ​​your Xuanling royal family did not follow the rules, and actually sent so many strong men to enter Fairy Moon, I will co-name other sects and impeach you!" Solomon's sect master said angrily.

"Aren't you guys too?" Ye Mo, the deputy head of the Dragon-loving Legion, stepped forward and said.

"Impeach?"

"Sect Master Solomon, you have to think clearly, if you go to unite with other sects, I am afraid it is you who will be impeached." Qin Tian smiled slowly.

"For the sake of our Xuanling Royal Family having a cooperative relationship with you Solomon before, I'll give you a chance."

"Hand over your fighting spirit to keep the two of you from dying."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Otherwise, fall!" After Qin Tian finished speaking, Dou Di's peak strength was undoubtedly on display!

"What an immortal king!"

"What a nine-star and nine-turn Doudi peak powerhouse!" The Solomon Sect Master heard the words, but smiled disapprovingly.

"Master Solomon, don't be ashamed!"

"If it weren't for the fact that you had cooperated with our Xuanling royal family, I'm afraid you would already be a corpse at this time." At this time, the rather grumpy Xuanmo above the dragon-loving army said.

This mysterious demon is naturally the one who encircled Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying in the Xuanling Emperor Pond!

"Qin Tian, ​​it's time to take good care of your people." The Solomon Sect Master heard the words, and immediately said something disapprovingly, even in the face of the entire Dragon-loving Legion, he did not move at all. This is Solomon Sect Master, a The courage of a semi-immortal powerhouse!

"Let's do it."

"This time, we are bound to win the fighting spirit."

"And I also really want to know, what is the difference between the peak of Dou Di and the semi-immortal powerhouse." After Qin Tian finished speaking, under his smile, there was a hidden murderous intention!

"That will satisfy you!" Sect Master Solomon said, without hesitation, he directly attacked Qin Tian!

The only way to do it now is to use Qin Tian's pride to see if there is a chance for the fighting spirit to leave. After all, the attraction of the fighting spirit to the Solomon Sect Master is too great. The Lord definitely does not want to give up.

"Don't intervene!" Qin Tian said to the people behind the Dragon-loving Legion, and then he shot directly. Seeing this, it was obvious that he planned to deal with the Solomon Sect Master alone.

"The head of the regiment is still like this." Seeing Qin Tian's behavior, Ye Mo shook his head slightly behind him.

As Qin Tian's right-hand man, he naturally knew Qin Tian's pride.

However, everyone in the same period as Qin Tian, ​​Fenxiangge Zhujin, Sect Master Solomon, and other powerhouses have been promoted to half-immortals, and Qin Tian is still trapped at the peak of Dou Di, which makes Qin Tian want to use his strength at the peak of Dou Di. to conquer others.

"What about that kid Qi Haoran?" Ye Mo hesitated for a while, then spoke to Qi Haoqing below.

I don't know why, at this time, Qi Haoqing had a very strange aura all over his body, but Ye Mo didn't care too much.

"Report to the deputy head."

"My brother, he..."

"He..." Qi Haoqing hesitated, even sobbing in a low voice, his appearance and expression were extremely well done.

"What's the matter!" Ye Mo said angrily.

"My brother was killed by Xiao Yan of Burning Incense Pavilion!" Qi Haoqing said.

"impossible."

"I naturally heard about Xiao Yan's deeds in the Fenxiang Pavilion. He wouldn't do that kind of thing." Ye Mo directly rejected Qi Haoqing's words.

"Deputy head, we can't believe it."

"The powerhouses who entered the ruins are no less than a hundred witnesses alone. It is absolutely true." Qi Haoqing said.

"Shouldn't Xiao Yan be taught this in the Burning Incense Pavilion?"

"Could it be that there is some misunderstanding in this?" Ye Mo asked hesitantly.

Among the Dragon Addiction Corps, except for Xuanmo Xuanwanxin, a few people are the henchmen of King Xuanling, and the others are just worshippers, not the same as the royal family of Xuanling, so they have their own cognition.

"I will handle this matter." Ye Mo said lightly, and then set his eyes on the battle.

"Hehe, Ye Mo, if the guy from King Xuanling didn't agree with the plan to plunder the fighting soul this time, I'm afraid it's not just Qin Tian who died."

"But Qin Tian, ​​the immovable King Ming, has fallen, and even I feel a little bit sad." Qi Haoqing finished speaking without saying anything!

"Boom boom boom!" Above the lava, Sect Master Solomon and Qin Tian were constantly fighting.

"It seems that your strength is not as strong as you imagined." Qin Tian raised his hand slightly and smiled.

"If it weren't for the fact that this is the relic of Fairy Moon, do you think I'm afraid of you?"

"The strength of a half-immortal is not comparable to that of a peak fighting emperor like you!" Sect Master Solomon said angrily.

"Oh?"

"Yes?"

"I think you can't leave here today." The next moment, a majestic killing intent suddenly appeared on Qin Tian's cheeks!

Originally, Qin Tian didn't plan to kill Solomon's Sect Master, but now that Solomon doesn't repent, he can only send him to hell!

"What a strong fluctuation This guy, I am afraid that in a few years, he will be able to step into the half-immortal in an instant." Looking at the extremely bright power of life and death beside Qin Tian, ​​the Solomon Sect Master was surprised.

After a while, Sect Master Solomon's eyes flashed a hint of reluctance, but he still said through gritted teeth.

"Guni, let's go!" After the Solomon Sect Master finished speaking, he swept away directly at Guni, and the Vast Sea Cover, which controlled the Undead Sparrow, was instantly cut off by Solomon!

"Where to go!"

"Die!" How could Qin Tian let Sect Master Solomon leave like this, and attacked directly with the power of life and death!

The energy of the intersection of black and white, like a judgment of life and death, directly hit the two Lord Solomon!

"Not good!" Sect Master Solomon saw this, how could he expect Qin Tian to be so ruthless!

But at this time, the Solomon Sect Master had little energy left in his body, so he directly blocked the Vast Sea Cover in front of the two of them, trying to use something to stop Qin Tian's devastating blow!

"Crack!" With a sound, cracks appeared on the hood of the vast sea, and Qin Tian's attack was instantly blocked!

"Let's go!" The Solomon Sect Master saw that the Hanhai Cover was actually torn apart by Qin Tian's attack. Although his heart was extremely painful, he still said.

After speaking, the two figures quickly disappeared here.

"It's actually the Vast Sea Cover, I'm really willing to do it." Qin Tian said with a smile, the next moment, his pupils were staring at a creature that was quietly inhabiting the molten world in front of him!