Chapter Vol 4 1816: Dou Shuangxian!

At this time, Xiao Yan was still slowly sneaking towards the palace. The palace was towering into the clouds, and the circles were stacked like several rounds. It was extremely luxurious. people thing.

In the courtyard of the core mansion of the palace.

"Sir Gamma, this is the tonic that the prince sent me specially. During this extraordinary period, I hope you don't care about the prince's fault." At this time, a figure slowly appeared in the courtyard, holding a plate of fragrant fragrance in the palm of his hand. The medicinal liquid respectfully said to the dark green man in front of him.

"Hmph... Lin Fengya, this little guy, is not even a livestock!"

"We have deliberately helped him for decades. When we didn't need us, we just kicked it away, and actually colluded with the Soul Palace behind the scenes. If I didn't know, I'm afraid we would still be kept in the dark and work hard for it!"

"Our sin and the Soul Palace are inherently incompatible, I think the prince should not be ignorant, right?" Gamma waved his hand suddenly and knocked the precious medicinal liquid to the ground.

When Hun Yan and Hun Wuji were chasing him, he happened to be rescued by Lin Fengya, but the activities of Lin Fengya and Soul Hall were also discovered by Gamma.

The location of the devil's lair was deliberately leaked by Lin Fengya to the Soul Palace and the Holy See, in order for the devil fruit to mature and to obliterate everyone who knew the ins and outs, but unfortunately Xiao Yan messed up the situation. , and even gamma resisted it.

"Sir, rest in peace. In a few days, the prince will personally take you to the election ceremony. I hope that the prince will donate the devil fruit. The prince will definitely not be able to treat the lord badly." As soon as the voice fell, the shadow moved suddenly and disappeared instantly. Here, only the empty courtyard is left.

"Humph……"

"Lin Fengya, can that little trick in your stomach escape my eyes?"

"Although we are protected by Tian Steward and you in the Devil's Sea, we can study the Devil Fruit with peace of mind, but now the death of the teacher and many of his classmates is caused by you. The teacher said before his death that the Devil Fruit has more Good choice."

"Don't blame me for being unkind, I have already hidden two Devil Fruits in a place you can't find... Susu." Gamma burst out with extremely evil laughter, which made people shudder.

"Crack!" With a sound, the door was closed, and Butler Tian withdrew, but the courtyard was sealed by a tyrannical imprisonment. Obviously, Gamma has now become a caged bird.

"Butler Tian, ​​how are things going?" Seeing Steward Tian coming out, the door was surrounded by two shadows and asked.

"Keep an eye on it, only this guy knows the whereabouts of the Devil Fruit, and the prince has said that there will be other powerhouses coming to intercept them recently, so there can be no mistakes." Butler Tian circled around and said vigilantly.

"En." Er Daoyin nodded slightly when he heard the words. They also knew that the seriousness of the matter could not be joked.

"Hey!" With a sound, Butler Tian's figure turned into a wisp of black smoke and disappeared here.

"Come out, I have found you." At the moment Steward Tian disappeared, there was a slight wriggling on the wall of the palace, and the eyes of the two figures, Senhan, burst out at the same time.

"Have you been found..."

"The two Six-Star Dou Xian Perfectionists are really generous." Xiao Yan wanted to chase Tian Steward away, but his breath was wriggling for a while, thus revealing his whereabouts.

"You don't have a weak breath on your body, I don't know who sent you here?" The two figures sneered at the same time, and said to Xiao Yan under the black robe.

"It doesn't matter who sent me here, because you will all turn into dust in the next moment." Xiao Yan's cold voice emerged from the wall, followed by a scene of pink energy ripples, which completely wrapped the core courtyard in an instant. stand up.

"A realm?"

"However, you are really a fool!" Seeing Xiao Yan taking the lead, the two looked at each other, Xiao Yan's breath was vaguely only five-star level, I don't know who gave him the courage to dare to break through into the depths of the palace mansion.

"This is not where you should be."

"But after you die, we will peel off the skin and bones from your body piece by piece to make the most exquisite carvings."

"Lin An, do it!"

"Capture this guy alive!" As soon as the voice fell, the two of them burst out like a poisonous snake with a killing intent.

"Fire!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's strength skyrocketed. With the blessing of the domain and the swallowing flame technique, he also reached the perfection level of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal, and his strength was evenly matched with the two.

"This guy, what a strange field and a secret method to improve strength."

"I'll capture him for a while, let me and I interrogate him, and then send him to the Prince's Palace, rustling." Seeing Xiao Yan's attitude, the two of them smiled maliciously.

"palace?"

"It seems that there is really something special here, we can't waste time, let's end the speed." Xiao Yan's eyes flashed a cold light, and then the amber flames all over his body, like a slowly blooming scorching sun, permeated from the body.

"Something's wrong, what kind of flame is this?"

"Can you actually burn the Dou Nucleus in our body?" At this moment, Lin An and Lin Fang's expressions were sluggish, and their pupils reflected the appearance of amber flames, and they lost their voices.

"Fairy Soul!"

"You Mingtian!" At the moment when the two of them lost their minds, the power of the soul in Xiao Yan's body in the three-layered spiritual palace was vented like a stormy wave, forming a clear voice, facing the soul realm of the two of them. Attack away.

The soul realm is a place where human defenses are quite weak. If the soul realm is attacked, it will not die instantly, but it will be temporarily lost due to severe pain, and the strong fight, even for a second, is enough to decide the winner. .

"not good!"

"Mu Zhili Mumang!" The two of them are indeed six-star perfection powerhouses, and they returned to normal in just a moment. At the same time, before Xiao Yan's next attack fell, their bodies Suddenly swaying, green aura like spring water, with the breath of life soaring to the sky, roared away at Xiao Yan!

"The Seal of the Heavenly King!" Xiao Yan was not in a hurry, the palm of his hand was changing, an energy palm print with a posture of looking down at the sky, with an overwhelming momentum, resisted with his wooden beams.

"Boom!" In the face of Xiao's successive attacks, Lord Lin An had to take it seriously, because after the increase in the domain, Xiao Yan's strength and attacks were enough to make them truly feel the breath of death!

"Holy Flame Fire!"

"Suppress me!" Seeing that the two of them had just resisted their many attacks and wanted to catch their breath, Xiao Yan's body volleyed into the air, like a supreme emperor, and the amber flames went towards the two of them. Suddenly, the two of them had no room to struggle. , was directly bound by the Amber Flame Soul Fire tightly in place, unable to move at all!

Who would have thought that the two six-star Dou Xian perfection powerhouses could not even make ten moves in Xiao Yan's hands. Although there are two underestimated enemies, Xiao Yan's soul strength and holy flame are different from ordinary people. The fire was enough for Xiao Yan to completely crush existences of the same level.

At this moment, the two of them felt that there was a heart-pounding power hidden under this guy's smile.