Chapter Vol 4 1701: Mixed in successfully!

In the wild ghost desert, the sand and fog are ruthless, and it is this kind of windless sand that protects the entire wild ghost desert. Ordinary human powerhouses or native ghosts in the ghost world, if they are blown away by it for a long time, I am afraid they will be blown away. The body and even the soul body will be shaken by it, causing some immeasurable losses.

"The ghost weather here..." Xiao Yan and the two walked quietly on the wild ghost desert, but there is only an endless golden desert here, and there is nothing else, plus the extremely dry temperature , disturbing.

"Don't look at it, just follow me." After blinking, You Er's beautiful eyes glanced around, just saw Xiao Yan want to take out the parchment map to check, and hurriedly said.

"Even if I carry enough recovery medicine pills, it's not the way to go on like this for a long time." Xiao Yan reluctantly put down the things in his hand and said.

Looking around, on the golden desert, a gust of wind roared, and the surface of the desert, because of the extremely high temperature, will occasionally appear like a mirage, and if you are not careful, you will be trapped in it. , is overwhelming.

"I remember that in the West Temple, every once in a while, there will be some guards who are responsible for paying tribute to some temple items. If you count the time, it should be almost the same." Seeing Xiao Yan's puzzled look, You Er said.

"Follow me for a while, plus the disguised breath of the two of us, it must be very easy to mix in." After a while, You Er said.

As soon as the voice fell, the two were also hidden in the desert.

Not far from Xiao Yan and the others, it was also in a desert area.

"Hurry up, these things are requested by the master of the West Temple. If the time is delayed, you should know the consequences." Above the desert area, dozens of people emerged, and on their bodies, they were all portrayed. A dark red font, "West", said the man in the first place.

"Captain, there is still a lot of time before the date designated by the West Hall Master. Don't worry, after all, the ghost weather in this desert is not so easy."

"That's right... Besides, it's been an eventful season recently. Even if we delay the time, I'm afraid these big men won't spend too much time with us." Some figures in the back said intermittently.

"Hey...you little brats." The first man on horseback shrugged and smiled.

This is a caravan composed of dozens of people, and all ten people are riding white horses and wearing red robes. The soul beasts used to ride and release materials, a carload of heavily protected materials, plus a sedan chair, appeared in the center of the crowd.

"Help me..." At the same time, everyone only heard a sharp voice, and suddenly two strange black shadows surged rapidly. Looking at this battle, I am afraid it was to guard against some guy.

"Whoa!"

"What's going on?" At this moment, a man with a rather soft complexion in the caravan jumped up, looked at the first man, and then shot directly at the two black shadows.

"Save... help." Erdao Shadow couldn't help but muttered as he watched the caravan take action.

"Susu..."

"The two of you, quickly explain the location of the West Temple, otherwise..." Another dark shadow snorted coldly.

The two shadows are naturally Xiao Yan and You Er. As for the two who pretended to attack Xiao Yan, it was Xiao Yan's soul avatar. Xiao Lei, Xiao Yan who had mastered many means, disguised Xiao Lei and instantly formed a It is obviously extremely easy to deceive this caravan with the breath of a ghost world powerhouse.

"Your Excellency is doing this, but you are declaring war on our four major temples." Seeing this scene, the caravan captain dismounted and walked over to Xiao Yan and the two of them slightly, and there was a rare trace of blue fighting spirit flowing around him.

"Wind attribute, and also a six-star fighting immortal with the wind element..." Xiao Yan said in surprise.

"Captain, it's confirmed, both of them are under the Third Regiment of the West God Temple." After Shunxi, the man who had just helped Xiao Yan said to the captain.

Xiao Yan didn't take this kind of division into his heart either, but luckily You Er knew and made preparations in advance.

"Feng Tu Sanbi!" Without any words, the caravan captain's palm changed, and bursts of blue hurricanes emerged directly from the body, and immediately roared away at Xiao Lei, who was disguised as a growing ghost.

"I sue... so ruthless?" Xiao Yan couldn't help roaring when he noticed such a tyrannical blow from the caravan captain.

Xiao Lei's strength is indeed tyrannical, but in the face of the full strength of a six-star Dou Xian powerhouse, he can only be at a disadvantage, and once Xiao Lei is injured, Xiao Yan will not be much better.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Lei didn't hesitate too much, his figure jumped, and he ran away from here as if he was running away. Fortunately, the caravan captain and the others didn't chase after them. After a while, after they relaxed their vigilance, they would be able to escape. Back to Xiao Yan's body.

"Thank you all..." Seeing that the perpetrators were temporarily repelled, Xiao Yan and the two's hidden auras were looming and weak.

"The two adults are very polite... But I am a little puzzled. The strength of the guy just now is not strong, the two..." The caravan captain turned his eyes to the two and asked.

Although the West Temple is the weakest of the four temples, the guards in the West Temple are also extremely powerful.

In the West Temple, there are three major legions, and the three major legions are all strong among the strong.

"My lord, I'm ashamed to say that this time I was sent to perform a mission by the commander But for some reason, when I just left the temple and went outside, I was chased and killed." You Er was afraid. Xiao Yan would break his plan and hurriedly said.

As the direct disciple of the dean of the Soul Academy, You Er not only obtained what he had learned all his life, but also knew very well some news about the four major temples.

"So that's the case..." Hearing You Er say this, the doubts in the caravan captain's heart slowly disappeared. After all, the two had special identities, and they didn't dare to deal with it, because the soldiers in the four temples were the entire Li Hun. The real powerhouse in the domain.

"Since the two of you are also soldiers of the West God's Temple, let's go back with us this time, just in time for us to deliver some supplies." Seeing the two of them, the caravan captain said.

"No, our military life is limited..."

"Cough cough cough..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but refuse when he heard the caravan captain say this, just because the breath in his body was floating, he coughed.

"Hey, the two adults don't have to refuse."

"In a few days, we will be able to enter the West Shrine. In the past few days, I hope that the two adults will lead the way and let us avoid some dangerous areas in the wild and ghostly desert." The caravan captain said at Du.

"If that's the case, then it's better to be respectful than to obey." You Er said softly.

At this time, Xiao Yan and the others mixed into the caravan and headed towards the West Temple.