Chapter Vol 4 1259: 3-color half holy flame fusion!

"Boom!" The Yin Protector didn't give Xiao Yan any extra chance. The first shot was the ultimate move, because he knew that Xiao Yan, who possessed Holy Flame, Dou Soul and Immortal Realm Soul, was weak, but to a certain extent he could threaten him. my own.

"Lock the soul!" Yin Feng roared, and an incomparably pitch-black chain suddenly emerged from the black smoke lingering around his body.

"Zizi!" The black chain just appeared, and it suddenly pierced through the space like a poisonous snake. Under Xiao Yan's gaze, it turned into a blurred black line and shot towards Xiao Yan!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The top of the black chain is extremely sharp, carrying traces of mysterious and eerie mysterious runes on it, and circles of black spiral patterns fill the chain, which is extremely vicious!

The fluctuations on it turned out to be no less than easily obliterating a three-star fighting immortal powerhouse!

Xiao Yan didn't show any slights about the pitch-black chains that penetrated the space like poisonous snakes. The fighting spirit on his body emitted a dazzling cry, and a yellow-gray flame directly turned into a giant flame spear, which finally pierced the sky, and that The dark chains collided fiercely together!

"Bang Bang Bang!" Just as the two tyrannical attacks made contact, a muffled thunder sounded.

The power that these two forces erupted did not have any energy fluctuations, some were just circles of black and yellow-gray energy beams, slowly floating out of the void.

"It's no wonder that the forces that can destroy our lower realm don't seem to have a second chance." The Yin Protector looked at Xiao so easily blocking his own attack, and immediately spoke up.

If Xiao Yan were any other person, I am afraid that he would have fallen under his own soul lock at this time. After all, their soul clan has the means to deal with soul bodies and human beings.

"Either each other." Looking at the black smoke billowing on the body of the Yin Protector, Xiao snorted coldly, but he still felt uneasy in his heart.

The strength of this yin guardian is too tyrannical, the attack just now obviously did not use all his strength, otherwise Xiao Yan would not have a chance!

"It can't be delayed." The next moment, Xiao Yan's eyes narrowed tightly, as if he had an idea.

"Oh?" The yin protector hurried out three soul locks and shot at Xiao Yan.

"Sacred Flame Space!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and a yellow-grey flame suddenly formed in front of the two of them, forming an incomparably huge vortex of energy, which easily brought them into the Holy Flame Space!

"Xiao Yan!"

"Protection of Yin!" Seeing that the two were entering the different dimension, the two men couldn't help but let out a loud shout.

"Do you still have time to manage others?"

"Let's take care of your Yuzong first... This is the place where you fell!" Ye Kuyin laughed and launched an attack in Zaidu.

"The rescue team should be quicker, otherwise I'm afraid this time..." After Yu Tianyue finished speaking, his breath was soaring, and he fought directly with him.

"Holy Flame Space... I can't see that you have quite a lot of chips in your hands." Just as he was sucked into the Holy Flame Space, the overwhelming aura of flames suddenly made the Yin Law Protector's body emitting a trace of black smoke. flutter.

"Here...it will be your resting place." Stepping into the holy flame space, Xiao Yan's power plus holy flames has undoubtedly been greatly increased here, while the power of the yin protector has been weakened to a certain extent, so It seems that it is not impossible for Xiao Yan to obliterate him with his own strength.

"Huhuhu... I hope so." Xiao Yan gritted his teeth, and suddenly glanced at the Yin Protector in front of him.

At this time, although the black smoke above the body was suppressed by the holy flame space, the real strength of the protector has reached the level of three-star fighting immortal perfection!

"Let's start!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's eyes slowly retracted, his eyes flashed with an unusually calm aura, and his eyes were slightly fixed on his chest.

Up to now, we can only use this last trump card!

With a plan, Xiao Yan is not going to waste time. After all, even if Xiao Yan displays the first transformation of the Dragon God, it will not change the outcome of the battle. Only Sheng Yan will undoubtedly change the key to the battle. This eerie and eerie atmosphere has tyrannical restraint.

Xiao Yan clearly remembered that the fusion of the three holy flames in Xuantian Santian consumed 90% of his fighting qi in an instant, but now, among the three holy flames, the immortal flames are probably enough to drain Xiao instantly. All the grudges in Yan's body.

"Don't worry about it, let's fight!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's acceptance of the ring flickered slightly, and then the pills came out one by one, and then they were swallowed by Xiao Yan!

Having swallowed so many medicinal pills just now, under the high-speed rotation of Fen Jue, it turned into pure force, filling Xiao Yan's limbs and bones.

"The Immortal-level pharmacist is indeed rich." Yin Hufa frowned. Obviously, even if it was him, if he were to compare the storage capacity of medicinal pills, he probably wouldn't be Xiao Yan's opponent.

"Don't waste time, it's time to end." The Yin Protector said slowly, and then the black smoke all over his body churned up strangely, and at the moment of the churning, there were bursts of mourning!

And Xiao Yan, through this wailing sound, even his soul trembled slightly!

"Look at the move!" In the next instant, a yellow-gray flame filled with the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in Xiao Yan's hand, which directly projected the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire towards the Yin Protector!

"Humph!" The Yin Protector snorted coldly, when the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng was about to approach him, his breath could radiate out, and then the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng was easily sent flying!

"Come out!" Xiao Yan didn't stop at the moment when the Yin Protector shook the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and the two holy flame crystals in his hand slowly came out. At that time, a yellow liquid and a cyan liquid slowly disappeared from the edge. Flowing out from above the crystal.

"Two kinds of holy flames?"

"How can it be?"

"Or...that cyan ~ is actually a ghost face and soul flame?" The Yin Protector was just about to obliterate Xiao Yan, but when he looked at the two prismatic crystals in Xiao Yan's hand, he couldn't help being surprised!

"It's not over yet!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's palm lightly touched his heart, and a drop of azure-blue liquid appeared in an instant!

"Three...three kinds of holy flames?"

"Aren't you crazy?" And when he noticed that the three holy flames coexisted as one, even if it was as tyrannical as his Three Star Fighting Immortal Consummation, he couldn't help but tremble!

According to the information known by the Yin Protector, I am afraid that in their ghost world, and even in the entire Great Thousand World, very few have holy flames, let alone one person who has three holy flames at the same time!

"Undying Mingyan!" Following Xiao Yan's voice, the traces of gray flames on the Undying Mingque Fighting Soul also turned into gray liquid and slowly appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

"Huhu, Yin Protector, let you taste how I destroyed your forces in the lower realm." A trace of madness emanated from the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, and then the dazzling soul force directly emerged to protect himself. decision.

"Four flames fused!" Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, and with the help of his soul power, his palms directly fused the four-color liquid slowly!

"Crash!" The fusion of the four-color liquids was quite instantaneous. In just one breath, it was perfectly fused by Xiao Yan, and in the next moment, a swipe of flames that were no more than ten feet in size and contained three-and-a-half-color flames slowly appeared. In the hands of Xiao Yan.

. full book m.