Chapter 219: The third floor of the Infernal Forest!

"King Kong is not bad, Luo Guangpang, what are you doing!" Qiu Huoniao said solemnly.

In front of this King Kong is not bad, Luo Guangpang's title has spread far and wide in this trial.

The third place in the points plundering competition, Luo Guang, is known to have the title of "King Kong is not bad Luo Guangfa", even if Qiu Huoniao is very difficult to deal with this Luo Guang, the title of this Luo Guang should not be called for nothing. of!

Although I don't know what kind of exercises Luo Guang is practicing, but when he fights, his body is covered with iron walls. Even Qiu Huoniao, who is as strong as the late four-star Dou Emperor, looks ugly. It should be that Luo Guang's defensive power is amazing, even he is helpless. .

"Hehe, I'm not looking for you, I'm just looking for this kid named Xiao Yan." The fat man named Luo Guang also said with a smile.

Qiu Huanniao was relieved when he heard the words, and then he said: "Which Xiao Yan seems to have found that we have already escaped from here."

"Since this is the case, let's see you in the finals. In the last fifteen days, I don't believe he won't come out."

It's just that Qiu Huo Bird didn't seem to notice that the location where Luo Guang disappeared was the entrance to the second floor of the Yin Corpse Forest.

"Master, what should we do now?" Qiu Huoniao's entourage asked.

"Chase, I want to see how powerful this Xiao Yan is!" After Qiu Huoniao finished speaking, he was the first to head towards the place where Xiao Yan escaped.

Xiao Yan and the other three kept leaving the corpse forest at a high speed. After all, Luo Guang and Qiu Huoniao were much stronger than Xu Ni. Now that they had enough points, it was time to avoid the limelight and wait until the end. The finals are coming out.

The three came to a dark place, and saw a dark passage also appearing in front of the three.

"Careful!"

The huge two characters are placed in a prominent position.

"This..." Mu Feng also stared at the two prominent words directly above the dark passage, and then thought for a moment.

"It's alright." Xiao Yan put a hand on Mu Feng's shoulder as he spoke, and then an extremely gentle flame energy spread throughout Mu Feng's body, making Mu Feng feel indescribably comfortable.

"Go!" Then Xiao Yan and the three looked at each other and disappeared on the second floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest, heading towards the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest.

Outside the corpse forest.

"Report!"

"Someone has entered the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest!" A young man said respectfully to Wu Jiang.

"Who is that?" Wu Jiang also asked softly.

"It's a man with a heavy ruler on his back, with a man and a woman beside him," the young man said.

"Understood, let's go, you have done a good job, make persistent efforts." Wu Jiang also said.

"Yes!" The encouraged young man also seemed to have been beaten with blood, and disappeared into the corpse forest to observe the movements of the participants.

"The ghost qi here is so heavy..." As soon as he left the dark passage, a rush of ghost qi came directly to his face, and then Mu Feng said with a solemn expression.

As a person who has dealt with ghosts all year round, Mu Feng is familiar with ghosts, so the more dignified the breath represents, the stronger the ghosts are.

"Mu Feng, what's the matter with you?" Yue Ru also noticed that Mu Feng was using some strange handprints, and then said.

"It's alright, I'll put a spell on you, which can greatly reduce the erosion of these ghosts." Mu Feng also began to mutter when he finished speaking.

After reciting the incantation in his mouth, he gestured some strange movements in his hand. At the same time, three gray rays of light flew towards Xiao Yan, Yueru and Mu Feng.

As soon as the gray light touched the body, it turned into an invisible force, constantly blocking the erosion of ghost energy.

"This power is so strange..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but praise.

Although Xiao Yan possessed a huge flame protection body, it did not mean that Yueru and the others possessed it. On the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest where the concentration of ghost qi had increased significantly, they clearly felt that the use of vindictive qi had been suppressed to varying degrees.

However, under the protection of Mu Feng's gray light, this strange suppression also disappeared without a trace. Obviously, Mu Feng has a good way of dealing with this ghost.

"Everyone, be careful, the ghosts on the third floor of the corpse forest are also extremely powerful." Mu Feng also said coldly.

The three looked at each other and moved forward slowly.

"Monster, are you sure it's here?" Youquan Ghost also stared at a well in front of him, looked down deeply and asked in doubt.

Although it is known that the other half of the "twin ghost emperor" is sealed in the third floor of the corpse forest, the exact location is not quite sure.

"That's right, it's here according to my sensibility."

"Let's go down." The ghost spirit also said.

After he finished speaking, he jumped into the well without waiting for the people outside to agree.

"Let's go too." Hongye said, and then followed in.

Although Hongye is reluctant in every possible way, but for a certain person, he still has to be a tiger.

"Go!" After Youquan finished speaking, it turned into a beam of light and streaks into the well.

The ghost ghost, the ghost of the secluded spring, and the red leaf, the master of the red mountain and red valley, the three strong men also entered a well, leaving a dry red valley person and ghosts waiting on the well.

"Hehe, it's interesting now." A familiar figure also said from outside the well If you look closely, you will find that the figure talking is actually Mueller!

"Let's go, let me meet the powerhouses of the so-called point-grabbing competition!" Mueller also smiled strangely, and his aura was the same as that of a ghost.

"Humph!"

"Impossible, the two adults, Yu Mei and Youquan, have gone down. It's not your decision here." A figure with a terrifying ghostly aura also stood up and said.

"You still can't do it, the two adults are not here, naturally I have the final say here!" Mueller also said angrily, obviously the ghost who caused trouble was obviously dissatisfied with Mueller.

"That's right, even a mere four-star Dou Emperor wants to lead us, and he doesn't spit and look in the mirror." The people from Honggu also stepped forward.

Although they don't know why their Valley Master brought them here, but they have absolute trust in the Valley Master, so they didn't ask any more questions, but it is obvious that these people in Red Valley do not know that the ghosts in the ghost world are in front of them, otherwise now Fight early.

The strength of the contestants in the other people's point plundering competition is also extremely strong. If you want them to be the scapegoats, then this Muller is looking for the wrong person!

"Damn, you're actually doing it behind my back, and I'll have a chance to see you in the future if I don't kill you!" Mueller also said in his heart with anger, and then secretly wrote down a few people who were in his early years, and he must give them some color afterward. Look!

After speaking, he calmed down, and then a trace of ghostly energy continued to emerge from the well, and then calmed down again.

"Long Yi, is the biggest treasure in the entire Infernal Corpse Forest that you mentioned is on the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest?" Xiao Yan also slowly communicated with the ruler above the Ancient Ruler of Eternal Fire.

Ask for a ticket! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: