Chapter Vol 4 967: contest

"Who?"

"Get out!" Xuanmu spoke slowly after feeling the breath for the first time, his voice full of vigilance.

"Ye Wang Ye, who took your life!" And just after stabilizing the vindictiveness in the body of Mu Tianyuan, the elder brother of the Tiandian Temple, that mysterious figure also appeared.

The man carried a huge heavy ruler on his back, and his body exuded an extremely weak aura, as if he were an ordinary person.

But it was this increasingly dull atmosphere that gave the wolf-headed crowd a dignified sense of crisis.

"Hula-la!" He lifted it up, and the wolf-head's seemingly terrifying attack was slowly resolved by it.

"Duan Yu?"

"Didn't I tell you not to come back?"

"Why are you..." And Mu Tianyuan didn't know who it was, but he saw Duan Yu beside him and said.

"Eldest brother, this guy is also a disciple of our Fenxiang Pavilion. I was rescued by him." Duan Yu could only believe that Xiao Yan had the power to turn the tide.

"What!" As soon as these words came out, not only Mu Tianyuan was shocked, but even Xuanmu was shocked.

The two guys who went to hunt down Duan Yu were not weak, so Mu Tianyuan was naturally quite surprised by Xiao Yan.

"Who is he?" Mu Tianyuan asked, forcing the weakness in his body.

"Xiao Yan, a disciple of the Human Palace." Duan Yu said solemnly.

"you!"

"Duan Yu, this person's disciple Xiao Yan has the most potential to become like Senior Brother Yintong, how could you let him die!"

"If anything happens, I'm afraid it will be a huge loss to our Fenxiang Pavilion." Mu Tianyuan said weakly.

As for Xiao Yan's talent and strength, how could he have to admire even this arrogant man.

"I told him about the strength of the strong here, and he should have a good grasp of it." At this time, Yu was also speechless. He knew that Mu Tianyuan had the kindness of the Fenxiang Pavilion.

"Hopefully, if something goes wrong, you all leave immediately." At this time, Mu Tianyuan still said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

On the other side, Xuanmu's face was extremely ugly.

The man with a heavy ruler in front of him was naturally Xiao Yan.

"Back then, in the auction house of the Xuanling royal family, I accidentally fought for a piece of residual picture. I thought there was some secret, but it turned out to be a waste picture." Xuan Mu said softly.

"Oh?" When Xiao Yan heard the words, there was a slight smile on the corner of his mouth. This Xuanmu did not mention that he had forgotten that the mysterious remnant picture in the auction room seemed to be taken by the Xuanmu in front of him. I was going to take it back, but I forgot.

"It's okay, didn't this take the initiative to send it back to me?" Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"It looks like you have settled for us?" Xuan Mu naturally heard of some of Xiao Yan's secrets, and naturally did not dare to take Xiao Yan lightly.

"A Eight-Star Dou Emperor in the early stage and all the Seven-Star Dou-Emperor are consummated, not to mention the other powerhouses in the late-stage Seven-Star Dou-Emperor, a good lineup." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Xiao Yan, I know you are famous in the Burning Incense Pavilion, but this is not the Burning Incense Pavilion."

"Today, you all have to sit here!"

"Langtou, the other seven people in the Heavenly Palace are exhausted, don't worry, kill him for me!" Xuanmu shouted, his voice full of danger!

This Xiao Yan's current level of danger is far more than a few people in the Heavenly Palace. If nothing else, Xiao Yan's cultivation of the hall's treasure in the Hall of Adults is enough to be terrifying.

"It's almost there." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and then the core inscription of the divine movement in the depths of the Ni Gong Wan suddenly became restless, and an incomparably huge spiritual force was engraved into a formation, which burst out instantly!

"It's not right, it's strange." The next moment, the wolf's head just exploded, and he suddenly realized that something was wrong around him.

"Giant array of fairy silk and vines!" The next moment, Xiao Yan exclaimed, and then the dazzling spiritual power turned into an incomparably gigantic array of light, shrouding everyone in it.

"Damn!"

"It's actually a formation, it's a trick!" Xuanmu snorted coldly, then stared vigilantly around him.

Although this place is still at the entrance of the seal of the ghost world, it has already been shrouded in Xiao Yan's formation.

"Fortunately, I kept my hand before." Xiao Yan smiled as he looked at the crowd trapped in his formation.

"It turns out that this **** just talked to me, just to delay the time." Xuanmu said coldly.

"Langtou, how long will it take to break this formation?" Xuanmu asked again.

"Although this formation is tyrannical, the strength of the person who motivates the formation is too weak. One minute is enough." Langtou said with a smile.

"One minute is enough to leave you here completely." Xiao Yan laughed instead, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire on the palm of his hand was extraordinarily dazzling. After a while, the khaki-yellow holy flame directly replaced the emperor's flame. The temperature in this place shrouded by ghosts has risen!

"It's actually Holy Flame?" Xiao Yan's dazzling flames just appeared, and many people suddenly exclaimed. They all knew the horror of Holy Flame, although they didn't dare to take it lightly.

"I thought I had some extraordinary ability, but it turned out to be holy flame." Xuanmu said disdainfully, but winked at the wolf's head.

"Xuanmu, take me a blow!"

"Sky-shattering ruler!" And Xiao Yan also knew that time waits for no one, so he directly attacked Yuanmu, who was shrouded in the formation.

"If you want to hurt the third prince, you must pass me first!" Xiao Yan's hand of the ancient ruler of the ancient flames of fire was shining brightly and hit Xuanmu in a blink of an eye. The strong man directly volunteered to resist the attack.

"Get in the way, give me a bundle!" Xiao Yan naturally felt an extremely tyrannical pressure in the face of as many as three seven-star Dou Di perfected powerhouses. Xiao Yan is even more favorable!

"Boom!" The three seven-star Dou Emperor Perfection-level powerhouses didn't know what was going on, and they were suddenly flooded out by extremely huge wooden vines in the formation, so that the three had to take care of themselves and have no time to clone Xuanmu. .

"Xuanmu, this time, I don't think you will die!" And Xiao Yan watched the three 7-star Dou Emperor complete powerhouses being resisted by Mu Teng, and naturally did not pay attention to the other powerhouses in the late stage of 7-Star Dou Emperor.

"Death!" Xiao Yan's hand of the Heng Huo Heng Gu Ji suddenly moved down, and an extremely strong flame of the ruler was shocked directly into the formation, and then attacked the mysterious wood at a speed like thunder and lightning.

"You underestimate me too much." As Xuanmu watched Xiao Yan's powerful attack, his initial fear turned into a gloomy smile.

After finishing speaking, the scroll in Xuanmu's hand that exuded a monstrous ghostly energy suddenly opened slowly, and at the same time, one after another, the ghosts and ghosts suddenly emerged from it!

Countless unjust souls collided directly with Xiao Yan's attack, and then monstrous ripples erupted in the formation, which surprised everyone around Xuanmu.

And Mu Tianyuan's face was ugly after seeing the scroll in Xuanmu's hand released: "This is the power of the unjust soul that destroys the entrance to the seal, this is troublesome."