Chapter Vol 4 1010: Double holy flame

"Boom boom boom!" The fiery flame ripples constantly echoed in this space.

"Damn it, **** it!"

"You **** human, how can you hold so many flames in your body?"

"Impossible, this is absolutely impossible!" At the same time, the evil Tian Cang, who had always been extremely disdainful of Xiao Yan, finally realized that he underestimated Xiao Yan's fate, and couldn't help cursing.

"You should really take care of yourself!"

"Silent fire lotus!"

"Destroy it to me!" And as Xiao Yan's voice fell, the silent fire lotus with as many as twenty-three colors suddenly shrank suddenly, then suddenly enlarged, and suddenly exploded.

"Second messenger of the Gorefiends, it's over." Xiao Yan had a hint of madness, and then his dazzling soul power spewed out, tightly locking on Tian Cang's figure, making his attack more precise!

"Ah ah ah!"

"Don't!" Being completely hit by such a fiery attack, even the second envoy of the Gorefiends, who had always been powerful, let out a burst of screams, and then the evil aura of the bodyguard was suddenly subsided, and a scene of extreme scary face.

"Second brother!" When Tiancang suffered such a change, Tianhong and Qi Haoqing below rioted at the same time, trying to save him.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It seems to be underestimating me too much." And how could Xiao Yi let the two succeed? The air around her suddenly accelerated, and the same 23-color flame suddenly radiated from her body, directly entangling the two in front of her.

"Cough, cough..." After a short while, the flame storm in the sky dissipated completely, and then Xiao Yan's aura was floating, obviously it was a bit rusty after not using the fusion fire for a long time.

But Tian Cang, who was beside him, had an extremely ugly expression on his face, and even his entire body became **** and bloody, and his aura was also sluggish.

"Damn it, to encounter such a pervert, it seems that I have to reflect on it with my king."

"Although this kid has not used the holy flame to the point of perfection, but if he is allowed to grow up, I am afraid that he will become the great enemy of our Gorefiends in the future."

"Third brother, retreat, I'm too seriously injured." The next moment, Tian Cang suddenly burst out with a strange evil black energy, and then fled into the distance.

"not good!"

"Stop him!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but let out a loud shout, but just as he was about to catch up, there was a sharp pain in his body, apparently the use of Silent Fire Lotus left some sequelae.

"Humans, I have to say that you are very strong, but with you at this time, you can't keep me."

"When I recover in the future, I will definitely take your life to repay today's shame." Tian Cang didn't dare to hesitate after finishing speaking, and ran away suddenly.

"Stop, where do you run!" The figures of Zai Tianhong and Qi Haoqing skyrocketed, and they escaped from Xiao Yi's attack in a short time and fled into the distance, but the direction of their escape was completely opposite to Tiancang.

"Bastards, we can't let them escape!" Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and said.

"You seem to have forgotten that there are us." Just when Tian Cang felt that his plan had succeeded, two figures also quietly appeared in front of him.

Tian Cang, who was in a weak state, raised his head slightly, but a figure and a rather majestic body were reflected in his pupils.

"Go away!" When Tian Cang met, he gritted his teeth forcibly and said, and then the evil power surged in his body, trying to send the two of them flying.

"Holy Flame?" The next moment, Tian Cang's complexion became heavy after realizing that his evil power was actually canceled by the power of the beautiful woman in front of him.

"Senior brother, accept him!" At this moment, Mu Yingying's whole body was flashing with an incomparably pure azure flame, and an indescribable holy aura slowly appeared.

And Tian Cang also seemed to have discovered that with the appearance of Mu Yingying's breath and flame, the evil power on his body was rapidly dissolving. According to his perception, it was naturally one, and the flame on this Qian Ying's body must also be the same. Duo Shengyan, and his ranking is definitely higher than Xiao Yan's, otherwise there would not be such a strong pressure.

"Death to me." The senior brother Mu Tianyuan on the side watched Mu Yingying imprisoned Tian Cang for a while, and without hesitation, he suddenly used all his strengths to attack the weak and evil Tian Cang.

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying attack left a lot of conspicuous scars on Tian Cang's body. After all, Mu Tianyuan himself is a fire attribute, not to mention that he is a genuine Seven Star Dou Emperor Perfectionist. .

"asshole!"

"But a holy flame is not enough to kill me completely."

"You can catch me, but you can't destroy me."

"Sooner or later, the powerhouses of our Gorefiends will rescue me. Then you can wait for the dark revenge of our Gorefiends."

"Susu." It seemed that he realized that he had no hope of escaping, and the Evil Heavenly Cang just gave up the struggle and said.

"Sorry, you probably don't have that chance." And just after Evil Heavenly Cang finished speaking with a lot of laughter, a burst of laughter also appeared at the same time.

"Who?" Tian Cang couldn't help saying when he noticed the familiar aura.

"The master of the holy flame, Xiao Yan." The next moment, Xiao Yan's palm gently intertwined with Mu Yingying's, and a khaki-colored holy flame suddenly burst out.

And with the emergence of the power of two holy flames, the look of the evil sky finally turned to ashes.

"No...don't destroy me!"

"I'll tell you all the information you want to know, as long as you..." Before the Evil Heaven Cang finished speaking, the power of the two saints slowly intertwined, and then the four powerful envoys of the Gorefiends in the past were The second messenger was completely obliterated like this!

"Are you dead?" After a while, after Tiancang's body was burned into ashes by the two holy flames, Xiao Yi opened her mouth slightly.

"Well, this guy, from now on, will be completely lost." Xiao Yan said slowly.

"However, it's a pity that San Sanzhong and Qi Haoqing were let go." Xiao Yi said with some remorse.

"It's okay, the old hatred and the new hatred will be counted together at that time."

"As for now, we should integrate most of them first, and then go to the highlight of this sect competition. The Land of Holy Flame." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he directly led a group of people to the light curtain barrier.

And in a distant place beyond the River of Blood.

"The second child has fallen..." A breath sounded slightly in the gray-clothed man's mind.

"The sky has fallen?"

"How can it be?"

"That guy is a powerhouse who has stepped into the Eight-Star Dou Emperor in half a step, and with the addition of two messengers, I am afraid that there is no one in the younger generation of Xuan Santian who can match." The man in gray directly shook his head and said.

"The two holy flames are really scary." In the face of the man's voice, the evil voice was resounding.

"Damn incense pavilion!"

"But that's fine. The fourth and second brothers have both fallen into the hands of Fenxiang Pavilion, and there will be no one to fight with me for this holy flame."

"Don't worry, second brother and fourth brother, I will help you to avenge your revenge together!" After Xuanling's royal family finished speaking, an unusually evil aura emerged.

: . :