Chapter Vol 4 1612: The 5-story Earth Spirit Pagoda!

"What a terrifying fluctuation... Is this really an attack that two four-star fighting immortal powerhouses can unleash?"

"This kind of attack and fluctuation, even if it is some five-star fighting immortals, is just like that. These two guys are too perverted, right?" Outside the field, Irene pouted slightly, looking at the heart of the battle. The energy ripples covering the sun and the destruction storm, pouted.

"You, you are just too playful, this time you will have to practice hard when you go back." Seeing Irene like this, Headmaster Ai preached.

"En." Irene nodded lightly when she heard the words, and her beautiful eyes kept staring at the battle circle. At this time, the two of them seemed to be extremely weak, but in this battle between geniuses, who would win.

"The outcome is already divided." After Shunxi, Ling Yuanzi smiled at the few people present as if he was relieved.

"Victory or defeat?"

"Who won?" Listening to Ling Yuanzi's opening, Headmaster Wen couldn't help exclaiming, his pupils locked tightly in the battle arena, trying to see the victor from the sky-shattering fog.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the void squirmed, and a figure suddenly appeared in everyone's sight.

"Wen Yi?" Ai Zhangjiao lost his voice when he saw the figure that appeared from the void, but this figure was Wen Yi, but it was extremely weak, and there was a fog around him, which was quite vague, so Ai Zhang I can't be sure for a while.

"Hey... This guy Xiao Yan is still..." Ling Feng shook his head when he heard the words, but no matter the outcome of this competition, he could still get back to Ling Yu.

"No...No, not Wen Yi!" Suddenly, Irene covered the corner of her mouth with a small hand and lost her voice.

"Cough cough... I'm sorry, it seems that the qualifications to enter the Earth Spirit Pagoda can't run away." After a while, the fog in the void dissipated, and Wen Yi's body slowly fell, and Xiao Yan's figure and voice simultaneously changed from Behind the back memories emerged.

"You brat..." Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, Ling Yuanzi smiled, obviously he had already noticed it.

"Oh... that's all." The next moment, Headmaster Wen slowly shook his head, and immediately helped Wen Yi up. After confirming that Xiao Yan did not use any indiscriminate means, his body slowly disappeared and left here.

"Xiao Yan...Congratulations." Seeing Sect Master Wen, who was the most difficult of the three major Sect Masters, leave, Irene smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Cough cough... just a fluke." Xiao Yan clasped his fists and smiled.

However, only Xiao Yan knew that he was as strong as Thunderfire Hell just now adding Thunderfire Lotus Seeds, and he almost suffered a loss in Wen Yi's hands. If it wasn't for the clan lines surging between his eyebrows and absorbing that dark aura, the consequences would be unimaginable.

And after the dark aura was absorbed by his clan, as if he was about to wake up, an old and terrifying aura slowly lingered.

"Xiao Yan, congratulations." After a while, Ling Yu also stepped forward and congratulated.

"Sect Master Ling, this is what you need." Seeing this, Xiao Yan shook his palm, and a ray of light wrapped in the Spirit Devouring Blood Stele emerged.

"Weng buzzing!" Just as the rays of light surged, a violent tremor suddenly appeared, as if trying to struggle to escape, but unfortunately Lingyu's mere soul body was unable to escape Xiao Yan's suppression.

"Niezi!" In an instant, Ling Feng's face turned pale, and a roar like the sound of thunder suddenly spread.

"..." Shocked by this voice, Ling Yu's soul body suddenly became quiet, and then he was directly taken into the bag by Ling Feng.

"Thank you." After doing all this, Ling Feng's eyes became vicissitudes. This time, in order to exchange Ling Yu's soul body, his status could not be retained, and even many relationships in the courtyard were used by himself. It can be said that it is extremely heavy, but Ling Feng thinks it is worth it.

"Earth Spirit Pagoda...what is it?" Looking at Ling Yuanzi, Headmaster Ling Feng, Irene and Headmaster Ai who were present, Xiao Yan scratched his head and asked, obviously he knew a lot about the Earth Spirit Pagoda. rare.

"You brat, you're good at being cheap when you get it."

"Earth Spirit Pagoda, this is the greatest treasure of our entire Earth Spirit Yuan."

"The composition of the Earth Spirit Pagoda is constructed by the great power of the Chaos Element. Although it has only five floors, because of the Chaos Element, every disciple who enters it will be immediately sent to some unfamiliar areas." Ling Yujian The state, explained to Xiao Yan.

"Chaos system?"

"What is the purpose of this Earth Spirit Pagoda?" Xiao Yan asked in an instant.

"Earth Spirit Pagoda, this is a place of chance. It is constructed by the great power of the Chaos system. The tower connects countless regions, and every time the disciples enter the ground towel tower, they will be immediately sent to some unfamiliar places and defeat some guardians. Or crack the secrets, and you can live a very rich reward, that kind of richness is staggering." After a while, Headmaster Ai explained.

"So, what other questions are there?" Ling Yuanzi asked, looking at Xiao Yan's puzzled look.

"Can I enter the deepest fifth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively, looking at the three big men beside him.

"Fifth floor?"

"Stunned..." Ling Yuanzi's smile, and even the faces of Ling Feng and Headmaster Ai became strange because of Xiao Yan's question.

"Hey, Xiao Yan, do you know the concept of the fifth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda?" Irene whispered to the side.

"What?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Earth Spirit Pagoda is a place of opportunity. Countless disciples want to enter it, but very few are qualified to enter it, and the fourth and fifth floors of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, even a few sect masters can't go smoothly. Entering, it is said that there seems to be some unknown secrets inside, but unfortunately, since the establishment of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, no one has entered the fourth floor, so the fifth floor..." Irene said.

"Good boy, have courage!"

"There is no limit to the Earth Spirit Pagoda, only you have enough strength and opportunity, the five-story Earth Spirit Pagoda, hand in hand!" Seeing Xiao Yan's puzzled appearance, Headmaster Ai also spoke freely, and they also wanted to see the fourth What secrets are hidden in the layer and the fifth layer.

"Old Ai is right, as long as you can enter the fifth floor, we will solve all the pressures for you." Ling Yuanzi smiled, he also wanted to see how much of a storm this Xiao Yan could create, and the ground Spirit Pagoda, every time you step on the first floor, the chance you get is extremely huge. Generally, the disciples who step on the second floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda will have a qualitative leap. If Xiao Yan can break through the fifth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, I am afraid that The potential is enough to describe it with the word enchanting.

"Since that's the case, then I would like to thank a few Headmasters."

"It shouldn't be too late, let's start now." With the reassurance of several headmasters, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, his eyes fixed on the top of the mountain range, and a fiery burst emerged! The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

Whether the Qidu Diversion Soul Cup will be in the Earth Spirit Pagoda, and whether things related to Xiao Gui's parents can be investigated clearly in the Earth Spirit Pagoda. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

The trip to the Earth Spirit Pagoda should be very interesting.