Chapter Vol 4 881: Queen Medusa, Cailin!

Xuantian Santian is the territory of the Medusa clan.

"Sasha!" The golden desert looked extremely dazzling under the breeze, but in this dazzling golden desert, it was full of dangers.

Beneath the golden desert, the Hall of Medusa!

"Today is the day when the new king of our Medusa clan ascends the throne." The one who spoke was the Shefu, who now has a prominent position in the Medusa clan!

Shefu's prestige among the nine major tribes of the Medusa clan can be described as a call to the heights.

No, with Nudong's rebellion, the Avengers tribe has been removed, and at this time there are only the eight major tribes of the Medusa family.

"Old Snake, you've worked hard." In the purple crystal hall, Medusa sat on the amethyst throne, and her beautiful eyes glanced at a group of strong people below.

Sitting below is the leader of the eight major tribes of the Medusa family.

"The Queen has been conditioning her breath since she left the Temple of Medusa. I don't know how she is doing now?" The blue and white snake on the side said slightly.

After the Blue and White Snake was seriously injured by Qin Tian's group, its strength regressed to the level of a nine-star Dou Di, and the Blue and White Snake has since resigned from all positions and followed Queen Medusa with peace of mind.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

And this so-called Queen Medusa is actually Cailin!

Cai Lin sat in the first place, looked around with her beautiful eyes, and then said indifferently, "Yes."

"Now the strength has been consolidated."

"If you want to make a breakthrough, I'm afraid it will take a lot of time."

As soon as Cailin's voice filled the sky with killing intent, this killing intent was obviously aimed at Ma Wei, the powerful man sitting below.

"What a powerful strength." The leaders of the eight tribes below heard the words, and their eyes became strange.

"Old Snake, this little doll from nowhere, whose identity is unknown."

"Although we have obtained the inheritance of our Medusa Temple, it is not clear. It makes us surrender to her. It seems a little..." One of the leaders of the eight tribes couldn't help but said.

It was the Snake King in the Snake King Tribe who spoke up, and his strength had reached the level of a four-turn nine-star Dou Emperor.

"Hehe, this Snake King, isn't he still reconciled..." Mei Lan said on the side.

Charm Lan, among the eight major tribes, the leader of the Charm Snake tribe, the eight-star Dou Di has perfection level strength!

"Snake King, what's your opinion?" Shefu lowered his head slightly after hearing this.

The Snake King was seen by Shefu, and suddenly an extremely tyrannical suppression came.

"Half immortal..." The Snake King also knew that Shefu was a half immortal, so he said with a little difficulty.

"Old Snake, don't worry, I can handle it." Cai Lin said slightly to Shefu at this time.

"Qingyan, Qin Yi, wait for me, the two of you." Cailin said tenderly to the two little guys behind her purple throne.

"Sister Cailin, be careful." Qing Yan and Qin Yi said worriedly when they heard the words.

Qing Yan was naturally the woman with the three-flowered eyes that were vital to the Medusa clan, while Qin Yi, the proud son of the Medusa clan, also possessed the same ability to swallow the sky as Cailin. The three-color swallowing python with python blood!

"This crazy woman." Seeing this, the Snake King couldn't help saying as he watched Cailin walking towards him step by step.

Cailin's figure is extremely enchanting, and in that figure that can be called a devil, there is an invisible power to kill.

"Snake King, do you have any objections to me?" Cailin slightly came to the garden-shaped stone table of the eight major tribes and spoke slowly.

"No..." With Cailin's prestige at such a close distance, the Snake King suddenly lost his prestige.

"I got the inheritance in the Temple of Medusa, and I promised that senior something, so I have to provoke this lead."

"If I didn't need this power, I'm afraid it's none of my business whether you live or die." Cai Lin stared at the eight leaders present with a serious expression and said.

"So, I don't care what the Medusa clan was like before me. Now, as the queen of the entire Medusa clan, you must obey me unconditionally!" Cai Lin didn't bother to talk nonsense with these people, and directly fought herself. Immortal's breath and ten-color swallowing python's breath were released.

"Pop!" A series of puffs made the eight leaders who were present immediately kneel and worship Cailin!

Among the beasts, blood and strength are always the best means of making people surrender!

"Snake King, do you understand!" At the next moment, Cailin exuded an extremely terrifying aura, directly forcing the Snake King!

Among the eight chiefs, only the Snake King was extremely proud of his own strength, and Cailin naturally knew how to deal with him.

"Fighting immortal powerhouse, and it's a ten-colored swallowing python with such a pure bloodline..." The Snake King's breath fluctuated violently, and then he looked at Cailin and said word by word.

"Understood." Facing the strength of Queen Medusa Cailin, the eight leaders could only speak.

"But don't worry, since I have decided to be the king of the Medusa family, I will not treat you badly."

"The eight of you will be able to at least reach half-immortal strength in the future, but whether you can break through fighting immortals depends on your fortune." Seeing the agreement of the eight people, Cai Lin immediately walked towards her amethyst throne and returned to the throne. Don't forget to say.

"Half-immortal?" Facing what Queen Medusa said, all the eight people present were staring at the stars!

For the Medusa clan, it is extremely difficult to directly improve their strength. Don’t look at these leaders now that many eight-star Dou Emperors have been successful or even nine-star Dou Emperors, but to break through a small level, I am afraid it will take hundreds of years. Time what the queen said, we are naturally willing to follow! "As Queen Medusa finished speaking, different expressions flashed in the pupils of the eight people!

The reason why the Medusa clan was expelled into this **** desert is largely because the eight tribes are independent. If they unite the eight tribes, it is very likely to defeat the Xuanling royal family and obtain a place more suitable for them to live. Moreover, their strength, the Queen Medusa who follows the strength of Dou Xian, will also be greatly improved. These eight people are naturally understanding people, and it is only a powerful relationship among them for a while.

"Now that it's decided, it's time for our Medusa family to rectify it."

"Snake King, pass my order. Unknown or suspicious people in the clan will be killed without mercy!" Queen Medusa said, and an unrivaled Xeon emanated from it.

"Don't go in a hurry."

"When you're tidying up the interior, take it slow when it's over."

"Next, let's figure it out first. The Xuanling Royal Family invaded our Medusa family without authorization. How should we fight back!" The next moment, Queen Medusa sat directly on the purple crystal throne, and at this time, There was also a trace of anger in Cailin's pupils!

"My King Shengming!"

"The Xuanling royal family is too arrogant, they must be given a good look!" The Snake King was overjoyed when he heard this!

The Snake King has long been disliked by the Xuanling royal family. If it wasn't for the lack of strength, he was afraid of the strong immortal fighting in the Xuanling royal family. I am afraid that many tribes of the Medusa family would have joined forces to attack, but now it is different!