Chapter Vol 4 1279: talks

"Bang bang bang!" At this time, the cabinet where Tan Chen and the others were located, the sound of shattering could be heard incessantly.

"Master!" Seeing this, Hua Fei frowned. Obviously, this movement came from the hall of the Alchemist Association.

"Let's go and have a look."

"There are very few people in the Alchemist Association. This kind of movement is probably made by the guy who wants to identify the level of Alchemists. Judging from the power of the soul, I am afraid that it is more tyrannical than you, Huafei." Tan Chen finished speaking, stepping forward The steps went directly from the cabinet towards the hall of the Alchemist Association, and the other two followed.

"Oops." And Xiao Yan, who was standing quietly in the hall, heard the sound of breaking and couldn't help but cursed secretly.

This voice was produced by himself, and the reason for it was that Xiao Yan used his soul power to fight against the plaque with the tyrannical soul coercion. In the end, Xiao Yan had the upper hand, but the plaque also exuded some rare cracks. .

"Soul coercion arranged by alchemists at the Immortal Rank fifth-grade level is so vulnerable?" Xiao Yan said helplessly. Coercion is the arrangement of the Immortal Rank fifth-grade alchemist, which has a certain catalytic effect on one's own soul power.

"You can't say the same thing. After all, this is just a plaque, and it can't carry much soul power." The Lord of Soul Eater smiled.

"Hey, Tan Chen, the vice president of the Old Man Alchemist Association, is the little friend who wants to appraise the pharmacist's level, right?" Tan Chen and the three of them just came to the hall, and Tan Chen laughed.

"Strange, the aura on this kid seems to be a little familiar." Hua Fei on the side slowly stared at Xiao Yan, trying to recall where he seemed to have seen him.

However, Hua Fei did not know that when he and Xiao Yan fought at the auction house, Xiao Yan was covered in black robes and soul power, so no matter what Hua Fei did, he would not be able to find out who was standing in front of him at this time. The man in black who fought in the auction house.

"It's actually him."

"His soul power, I am afraid he has reached the fairyland. If there is no accident, I am afraid that he is also an immortal pharmacist." Xiao Yan saw the three people appear, and recognized Hua Fei at a glance, and muttered.

"Senior Tan Chen is good. The soul power of this junior has just reached the fairyland. I want to try to see if I can be successfully assessed as an immortal pharmacist." Xiao Yan coughed dryly.

"Hey, your soul power doesn't look like a guy who has just been promoted to fairyland soul." Tan Chen noticed the crack on the plaque with just a glance, then turned his head and said to Hua Fei.

"Master, this guy is very strong, but I always feel that I have encountered it somewhere." Hua Fei said in a low voice.

"Does your little friend have a hand letter from your tutor?" The next moment, Tan Chen ignored his apprentice's voice and asked Xiao Yan with a smile.

It is no wonder that Tan Chen is like this. Xiao Yan can break the soul pressure on the plaque, which is enough to show that this guy's soul power cannot just reach the fairyland, I am afraid it is above the fairyland, and the huge soul power and his age. , enough to make Tan Chen really formal.

"A hand letter from a teacher?" Xiao Yan was stunned when he heard the words, and then his expression became strange. Obviously he didn't have such a thing. When he thought about it, it was impossible for this Thunder City to identify the level of a pharmacist without the guidance of a famous teacher.

"No... The tutor told me not to reveal his information before he came out, so I'm sorry." Xiao Yan said with a hint of apology.

"It's okay, it's okay." Tan Chen said with a smile, but he was even more curious about Xiao Yan.

Entering the Alchemist Association to participate in the level assessment and other things does not require any souvenirs, but Tan Chen couldn't help but open his mouth to see who Xiao Yan taught. After all, such a tyrannical soul strength and age can The one who taught him was probably also a true monster-level powerhouse.

"There is less than a month before the East Continent Ratio begins. I wonder if I will be able to catch up if I participate in the rank assessment?" Xiao Yan worriedly asked.

"Don't worry, the assessment place is in a different space. There is a special space specially designed for assessment. Time flows slowly enough for you to complete the assessment easily." Tan Chen said with a smile.

"If that's the case, then I would like to thank the seniors." Xiao Yan folded his hands and smiled at Tan Chen.

"It's okay."

"Hua Fei, the two of you go down to prepare for the examination of the fourth-grade immortal pharmacist." Tan Chen said with a smile.

"What level do I need to prepare for the assessment?" Hua Fei asked.

"Fourth rank of immortal rank, heaven rank and earth rank." Tan Chen said confidently.

"Heaven-level and Earth-level?" Hua Fei couldn't help but tremble slightly when he heard the words!

Even if it is his current strength in the late two-star fighting immortal stage, his soul power has just reached the fairyland, and he is only a pharmacist of the fourth rank Xuan rank of immortal rank, and even the failure rate of refining medicine pills is extremely high, and the Xiao Yan in front of him is a mere alchemist. The strength of the two-star Dou Xian in the early stage actually wanted to test a pharmacist level higher than himself, which made Hua Fei extremely surprised.

You must know that the most important reason for the alchemist level is that the power of the soul is not fake, but refining medicinal pills is a protracted battle, and the consumption of fighting qi is also extremely large, so the high-level pharmacist is undoubtedly not weak. strong.

"En." Sister Wang and Hua Fei didn't dare to disobey the words of the vice-chairman after hearing the words, they nodded lightly, and then retreated to the back Heaven-level and Earth-level, Vice-chairman Tan is too condescending I am. "Xiao Yan heard the words, shook his head slightly and smiled.

It is true that the soul today has not just reached the fairyland. It is a little more powerful than the fairyland soul. According to Xiao Yan's estimation, there is no problem with the fourth-grade fairy-level Xuan level, but the fourth-grade fairy-level earth level is still a bit difficult, after all, his strength is only It's just the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian, and the weakness of Dou Qi will make him quite passive when refining medicine pills.

"My disciple has already gone down to prepare the assessment items, little friend, please wait a moment." Tan Chen said with a smile.

"It's okay." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, not in a hurry.

"The little guy is also here to participate in the competition of Dongzhou?" At the next moment, Tan Chen finally couldn't bear the doubts in his heart and said.

"That's right."

"My goal is to win Dongzhou this time." Xiao Yan did not shy away, he smiled directly.

"Hehe, with such a tyrannical soul strength and fighting spirit, it's not difficult to win." Tan Chen also looked wily.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Senior should know the specifics of the Dongzhou ratio this time, right?" Xiao Yan asked with a smile.

"I know if I know... But I'll wait until you pass the assessment."

"To be honest, I'm looking forward to it, don't let me down." After Tan Chen finished speaking, his eyes slowly became hot, and Xiao Yan was also a little bit looking forward to it. What a look.