Chapter Vol 4 1460: The test begins, enter the town demon prison!

"Unexpectedly, this ghostly sky actually seals and suppresses a demon-suppressing prison..."

"And it's the eleventh-ranked Poison Temple Town Demon Prison..." The Soul Eater said slowly, his voice full of doubts.

"Master, what kind of guy is there in this Poisonous Suppression Demon Prison?" Xiao Yan immediately muttered as he looked at the fiery gazes of many powerful people around him.

"The seventeen Suppressing Demon Prisons are all the kings of some extraterrestrial evil races, and the top ones, even me, feel a little uneasy."

"As for this Poison Suppression Demon Prison, I'm afraid it is an extraterritorial evil king named Poison Demon Empress," said the Soul Eater.

"The Demon Empress of the Poison Temple?" Xiao Yan didn't. Although he didn't know what it was, he could only rely on his intuition to know that this guy was probably also a vicious person.

"A very powerful guy... But with the seal of Tianming Villa, you don't have to worry, even if it doesn't work in the end, you don't have to worry if I'm here." The Soul Eater said with a dashing smile.

After Xiao Yan heard the words, he was relieved, but Xiao Yan knew that among the evil tribes outside the realm, there were many strong people with strange nature and their special powers that allowed them to face the most powerful people in the world, even if they were defeated, It will not be obliterated by it, so in order to weaken the overall power of the evil race outside the territory, the strong man in the world, the Demon Suppression Prison was born.

The so-called Demon Suppression Prison is a method used by some powerful people in the Great Thousand World to seal the king of the evil race from outside the territory.

However, Xiao Yan clearly remembered that when he was looking for Ghost Face Soul Flame, he had the honor to enter the fifteenth Demon Suppression Prison. The images like **** still linger in Xiao Yan's mind.

"Big brother, what's the matter with you?" Xiao Gui on the side was indifferent, he just noticed Xiao Yan's abnormality and asked.

"It's fine." Xiao Yan slowly shook his head.

"It is said that the Demon Suppression Prison is full of countless evil creatures from outside the realm, but at the same time, there are many strong people in our great world who have fallen into it, and those strong people were all tyrannical and powerful in their lifetime. The mantle and mantle also fell into the Demon Suppression Prison, so if you enter it this time, if you have the opportunity to find the heritage of some of its strong men, I am afraid you can get some benefits." Duan Tianhong said.

"Oh?"

"Does the Demon Suppressing Prison still have such benefits?" Xiao Yan smiled slowly at the corners of his mouth. After all, none of the Demon Suppressing Prisons he entered before had such a situation, and if this is the case, the Demon Suppressing Prison experience seems to be like this. get fun.

"It's natural." Duo Tianhong also laughed, apparently very few experts knew the news.

"Everyone, do you still have any questions about this Four Continents Competition?" After a while, Tian Lao Zaidu asked the powerful people. Obviously, the rules about the Four Continents Competition just announced are naturally unavoidable. .

"there is none left……"

"Suppressing the Demon Prison... Points..."

"The relics of the strong in the world..." When all the contestants heard the words, they also stared at Tian Lao with fiery eyes.

"Since there is nothing to do...then I announce that this four continents competition will start immediately!" In an instant, a sound like the sound of thunder was conveyed throughout the space.

"I remember that today is the day when the rules are announced, isn't it the official opening tomorrow?" Some strong men also shook their heads.

"Hehe... You don't know anything about this. Today, Tian Lao is the director of this competition. Naturally, he has the final say..." Some figures kept talking.

"It doesn't matter, it starts today, that's today!" In an instant, many strong men were not hesitating, and their eyes were fixed on the figure of Tian Lao in the sky.

"Suppressing the Devil's Key...Open!" And about a few breaths of time, on the body of Tian Lao, the nearly endless source of grudge filled out in an instant, and then formed a scarlet shackle on Tian Lao's chest, the shackles On top of it, countless dense mysterious patterns decorate the shackles extremely sacred.

"The key to unlock the Demon Suppression Prison, the Demon Suppression Key..."

"The strength of this guy is really getting more and more terrifying." In an instant, as the voices of some powerhouses fell, the old man's body suddenly became magnificent, and the superpowers containing the laws of heaven and earth slowly slowed down. Slowly diffused from above the shackles, and then a giant silver space gate suddenly appeared in the square below.

"Suppressing the Demon Prison, open!" Tian Lao's voice burst out, and the shackles were projected directly at the silver space giant gate, so scenes of extremely tyrannical sealing power emerged.

"Is this the entrance to the Demon Suppression Prison..." The countless disciples present looked at the door of space full of tyrannical seals, and couldn't help but feel a tinge of palpitations in their hearts. Obviously, there are some things that could threaten their lives. .

"Weng Om!" In an instant, Xiao Yan and Du Qifei were the most obvious. The power of holy flame and reincarnation continued to emerge from the two of them, apparently sensing the boundless evil power in the Demon Suppression Prison. , and thus the resulting fluctuations.

"Everyone...if you are ready, then this four continents competition will begin." Tian Lao looked at the many contestants below with satisfaction, and immediately smiled.

"Let's go!" The next moment, the two Liu Yun from Tianyin Sect took the lead in squirming, and then swarmed directly into it.

"Let's go too!" Immediately, watching the strong men in the field pour into the Demon Suppression Prison, the other strong men nodded slowly.

"Fengyu, you wait and bring our disciples above the East Continent to come together, let's explore the way first."

"Let's go." At this moment, Duo Qifei showed extremely tyrannical dominance, and rushed into the Demon Suppression Prison together with Xiao Yan, Xiao Gui, the Yu family sisters, and Liu Qing Muge.

"This time the Four Continents Competition is truly unprecedented, I hope you guys can succeed Duo Tianhong looked at the few people who entered the Demon Suppression Prison, and immediately spoke slowly. .

"Boom!" The silver space gate contains an extremely tyrannical power of seal. The power of the seal is obviously used to target the four-star fighting immortals. Therefore, in this four-continent competition, the strongest person was also selected. Limiting the level of Samsung Dou Xian's perfection, if it is strong, it will be excluded.

Even so, when Xiao Yan and the others first came into contact with the gate of space, a heart palpitations that penetrated deep into the bones also emerged from the bottom of their hearts.

"Strange... The ancient Qiankun Array's formation stone actually made such a strange movement... Could it be that the ancient Qiankun Array really exists in the Demon Suppression Prison?" In an instant, everyone slowly supported Xiao Yan, and then asked Xiao Yan.

"If I can get the Qiankun Ancient Array, it will also be a great help for me." Xiao Yan, who was protected by his soul power, muttered to himself, and then walked away to the inside of the Demon Suppression Prison. This time, the Demon Suppression Prison also It is quite a grand event in Yinhuntian, so countless powerhouses from the entire Tianming Villa were dispatched to ensure that there would be no problems in the competition.

It is a pity that the powerhouses of Tianming Villa are shrewd, but they have forgotten the guys from the Hidden Soul Society in the sea of ​​dust. At this time, they have been hidden in the Demon Suppression Prison with the powerhouses of the Soul Palace. As for their purpose, Arresting Xiao Yan might be one of them, but he might also have some ideas about the strongest person in this town, the Demon Queen of Poison Temple.

And the so-called Poison Temple Demon Empress, who fights alone, may have the name of the king of the foreign evil clan with her six-star fighting immortal level, but when fighting in groups, she is like a world-destroying evil king, unmatched.

: . :