Chapter Vol 4 993: travel and intelligence

"Huhu."

"How long is it?"

"Why do you feel like this is an endless end, and you can't get there no matter how you go?" said a handsome man in an extremely dark place in the blood river.

"You guy."

"The location of the Blood River Pond is extremely remote. Otherwise, countless people will swarm away, where will it be our turn?" Yan Chi on the side glanced at Xiao Yi, and then said slightly.

"..." When Xiao Yi heard this, she could only grit her teeth, and then prepared to continue walking.

"Then take a break." Seeing this, Xiao Yan also said something.

In a few days, Xiao Yan and the four left the location they had just teleported and headed towards the Blood River Pond, but even if Yan Chi knew the exact location of the Blood River Pond, in this Blood River Pond, in order not to attract the attention of other powerhouses, Therefore, the four of them still adopted the most primitive method of walking, so the speed was naturally extremely slow.

"I don't know if there is any way to obtain information about the blood river." Xiao Yan said something immediately after sitting down to rest.

"Information?"

"Why do you want that thing?" Yan Chi said slowly.

"If you know yourself and your enemy, you will be able to fight a hundred battles without being imperiled."

"And now the biggest enemy of our burning incense is the Xuanling Royal Family. Knowing some specific information, it is easy to make corresponding countermeasures." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Say earlier."

"Here." Yan Chi nodded secretly when he heard the words. Obviously, a big guy like Yan Chi didn't care about these things at all. After all, his own strength was tyrannical.

"What is this..." Xiao Yan asked immediately after catching what Yan Chi threw.

What caught Xiao Yan's eyes was a crystal ball the size of a fist. The texture of the crystal ball was quite soft and it was obviously expensive.

"This is an information ball, something developed by a certain phonological master."

"You just need to read out the information you want to know, and it will naturally be played back on the screen."

"But this thing only records the information after entering the blood river. For example, if you want to know the specific location of the Xuanling royal family's four heavens or what fighting skills they have, this is impossible."

"And this thing is quite expensive to make, and not many people have it." Yan Chi said.

"So there is such a thing." Xiao Yan looked at the information ball in front of him and smiled slowly.

"The Xuanling Royal Family is in the four heavens." Xiao Yan agreed, then he held the intelligence ball in both hands and said something slightly.

"Boom boom boom!" As Xiao Yan's voice just fell, a milky white halo instantly appeared in front of everyone on the information ball, and then an extremely clear drawing was slowly played back.

"..." Looking at this picture, the four of them held their breath in unison, because what was shown in this picture was really too shocking.

"I... I didn't have a dream, did I?" Xiao Yi said in disbelief after watching the replay of the four-day audience about the Xuanling royal family in just a few minutes.

"The things recorded on this information ball can't be wrong." Yan Chi also said thoughtfully.

"Three days of the Xuanling Royal Family against four people from the Ten Thousand Swordsmen. Three days, Tianhong lost to the senior brother of Wanjianmen, Jianxin. Then the great heavens and the heavens shot, and with the strength of one person, three people were seriously injured." Xiao Yan After summarizing the information in the intelligence sphere, he said.

However, Xiao Yan was extremely shocked. Although there were very few videos played back in the information ball, and only a very small part, Xiao Yan knew that there must be a reason why Wanjianmen ranked first in the Xuantian Santian super sect. Yes, but such a powerful Wanjianmen was also defeated by the Xuanling royal family's three-day congregation.

"The Jianxin from Wanjianmen is a remarkable figure. At a young age, he has inherited the power of the strong in his own sect, and his monstrous swordsmanship is even more consummate. Even he was defeated by the Xuanling Royal Family. In the hands of Tianzhong Tiangan, it is enough to see that this Tiangan is much stronger than we imagined." Yan Chi also said slowly.

"You have to be a little more careful now." Xiao Yi also agreed with it. After all, in the blood river, the strength of himself and Yan Chi was suppressed, and the strength was naturally greatly reduced. strenuous.

"Don't worry, no matter how strong it is, this time, it will definitely make them go back and forth." Xiao Yan gently put away the information ball, then looked at the sky and said something.

"Let's go, the Blood River Pond is coming soon. With the Blood River Pond, plus the dead blood ghost liquid in the hands of the two of you, after you come out, you will naturally have the capital to fight against the Xuanling Royal Family for three days alone." Yan Chi said After saying a word, everyone rushed straight into the distance.

And when Xiao Yan and the others just got the information and went on their way, other super sects also experienced some changes.

"Senior brother, are you alright..." After a dead tree, Song Yue forcibly supported the injury in his body and asked his senior brother Jianxin.

"Cough cough cough..."

"I...it's fine." Jian Xin was extremely weak, and he forcibly slammed the fairy sword on the ground and said.

"What the **** is this **** Xuanling royal family doing?"

"We Wanjianmen have no grudges with them in the past and no grudges in the past, how come we are so deadly as soon as we meet?" The second senior brother Jian Wuhen gritted his teeth and said, but his situation was not easy.

Wanjianmen four people, senior brother Jianxin, second senior brother Jian Wuhen, plus Song Yue, the three were seriously injured by the Xuanling royal family, and the three tried their best to protect Hongqian, so Hongqian's injury is naturally rare.

"Hehe, is the dignified Senior Brother Jianxin of Wanjianmen going to hide?" And while the four of them were talking, the three members of the Xuanling Royal Family were also chasing after them, and they spoke out in an instant.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Eldest brother, what should I do now?" Song Yue said in a deep voice.

"Now, I'm afraid we can only withdraw from the blood river in advance, but this also means that we will lose the qualifications for the sect competition."

"It's just that this three-day congregation of the Xuanling Royal Family seems to have a very strange aura, and that aura is scary even to me." Jian Xin said slowly.

"It's a big deal to fight with them." At this time, Song Yue also gritted his teeth and said.

"Hush hush hush." ​​And just when the four of Wanjianmen were desperate, three burly figures slowly appeared.

"Follow me." The man at the end said slowly.

"People from the Ancient Desolate Palace?" Hong Qian couldn't help but asked in surprise.

"Let's go." Du Chun also didn't dare to talk nonsense, and directly pulled away at the four of Wanjianmen.

"Where to run!" When the three people from the Ancient Desolate Hall rescued the four people from Wanjianmen, the three people also found the figures of a few people, and then roared away directly.

"Hehe, Tiangan, now is not the time for the final fight."

"So... just wait!" After finishing speaking, the elder elder brother of the Ancient Desolate Hall suddenly swelled countless times, and then the giant-like body suddenly attacked the three-day crowd with a punch.

"嘁偁嘁!" The terrifying force and strong wind reverberated in the air, causing the three days to slow down. Obviously, the three of them did not dare to neglect them easily.

"Boom boom boom!" When the punch disappeared, the people in the Ancient Desolate Hall were those with Wanjianmen who disappeared from the sight of the three-day crowd.

"These **** in the Ancient Desolate Palace..." The four Wanjianmen, who could be killed immediately by Tiangan, were rescued under their own eyes, and couldn't help cursing.

--Pull up to load the next chapter s-->