Chapter Vol 4 937: 4 fingers of the sky and 3 punches of good fortune!

"The Xiao family's secrets are too big, and I don't want to talk about it too much, but this kid should indeed be the last member of the Xiao family who is still on the bright side." The Golden Dragon King said something.

"No wonder I always find it strange." The next moment, the Master of Soul Eater also muttered, with two names on the corner of his mouth, as if he had thought of something.

"But there's one thing I don't quite understand."

"When the evil tribes from outside the territory attacked the Daqian world on a large scale, the most powerful seven realms in the Daqian world united. Among them, the Xiao family can be said to be the existence of phoenix feathers and water chestnuts in the human world."

"In that war between heaven and earth, the Xiao clan only relied on the power of one clan to kill countless foreign evil clans, and in the end, several Xiao clan were able to burn themselves, and just barely managed to protect the Great Thousand World, but after defeating the foreign evil clan, the Xiao clan failed. It just disappeared."

"Since then, there has been news from the center of the human world that the Xiao clan burned the power of the entire clan to suppress the evil clan outside the territory during the war between heaven and earth, so the entire clan was destroyed."

"However, in my opinion, this news seems a little unbelievable."

"The powerful strength of the Xiao Clan can be learned from heaven and earth. Even if they pay a terrible price in the end, it is impossible to keep their blood." The Master of Soul Eater wondered.

"I don't know much about what happened back then, but there must be something shameful in it. This time I went back this time, for this." The Golden Dragon King said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I will take care of you, your disciple." The Soul Eater hesitated and said.

If the Xiao Clan really has something to hide, then the powerhouses in the center of the human world will probably not end well in the future.

"Yes." The Golden Dragon King nodded slightly, and then Zaidu returned to quietness in Na Jie.

"Huhu."

"The first six feet of the Seventh Layer Breaking Sky Ruler and Yitian Ruler are almost the same."

"In the current state, the Heaven-shifting Ruler should be able to perform two feet, and the seventh-layer Heaven-shattering Ruler should be able to perform six feet, and I am afraid that it can only perform three feet." Xiao Yan thought to himself.

"Since that's the case, it's time to see what scrolls were obtained from the Bright Moon Ruins." At the next moment, Xiao Yan was no longer struggling with the seventh-layer Heaven-shattering Ruler and the Heaven-moving Ruler.

"Shabu Shabu!" As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan took out a scroll from his acceptance ring.

Just as he took out the scroll, the ancient smell was slowly exuding, Xiao Yan could feel that there must be treasures in this scroll.

"This scroll, I hope you won't let me down." Xiao Yan's mouth had a hint of heat, staring at the pale yellow scroll above his palm, through the pale yellow scroll, Xiao Yan could feel an extremely terrifying fluctuation from the inside radiate out.

"Open it and take a look." Xiao Yan said softly.

"Can't you open it?" Xiao Yan gently put his hands towards the pale yellow scroll, trying to open it, and the force was not too heavy, for fear of breaking it.

However, what Xiao Yan did not expect was that the firmness of this pale yellow scroll had far exceeded his estimation.

"Soul power!"

"Open it for me!" The next moment, Xiao Yan urged his huge soul power to go towards the pale yellow scroll, trying to use his soul power to open it.

"Crash!" The huge soul force slanted away like a spring, but when it touched the pale yellow scroll, it disappeared out of thin air!

It felt like it was being swallowed up!

"Good guy." At this moment, Xiao Yan's brows wrinkled, obviously he was also curious about this scroll.

As we all know, scrolls are things that record fighting skills or exercises, and the scroll in front of him, according to Xiao Yan's perception, must record fighting skills, and the more precious fighting skills, the more sophisticated the means of protection.

"The power of holy flame." After a while, Xiao Yan directly used his trump card.

"Boom boom boom!" The khaki holy flame just appeared, and immediately intertwined with the pale yellow scroll on Xiao Yan's palm, forming a rather beautiful scene.

"Damn it, what the hell?" With the power of holy flame burning the pale yellow scroll for a few minutes, but there was no sign of opening it, Xiao Yan couldn't help but swear.

What is the power of holy flame?

This is one of the most powerful things in the world, and now it can't even crack a fighting skill scroll.

"It looks like this kid has found the treasure, but I don't know how you want to open it." At this time, the Golden Dragon King sensed Xiao Yan's emotions and remained silent.

"No, this thing is too mysterious, and I can't open it with all my strength..." Xiao Yan dissipated the power of the holy flame, carefully looked at the yellow scroll on the palm of his hand, and found that after all his tossing, there were no traces of it. did not stay.

"Since this thing is in the Jiaoyue Ruins, could it be..." The next moment, Xiao Yan seemed to have thought of something, and immediately opened his mouth.

As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan took out the Heavenly King Ginseng!

The body of Tianwang Ginseng possesses extremely terrifying strength. With such strength in the Ruins of Bright Moon, it will definitely not be a nameless person, so Xiao Yan has a bold idea.

"Crash!" As soon as the body of Tianwang ginseng was taken out, a strong fragrance hit the nostrils.

At the same time, the light yellow scroll that had been unable to open suddenly produced a slight movement, which was naturally noticed by Xiao Yan.

"Sure enough, there is something." Seeing this, Xiao Yan said in surprise.

Since Heavenly King Ginseng is something in the Bright Moon Ruins, and this scroll was obtained from the Bright Moon Ruins, Xiao Yan also holds the attitude of holding a dead horse as a living horse doctor try it out Is there any way to open the scroll, but Xiao Yan succeeded.

"Come out!" Xiao Yan used his huge soul power to directly infuse a trace of power from the Heavenly King Ginseng onto the yellowish scroll, and then the scroll suddenly became restless.

"Boom boom boom!" In the next instant, a dazzling light flashed out of the entire training room, and the yellowish scroll slowly appeared.

"Two-scroll fighting skills?" Xiao Yan's eyes were fixed on the two groups of milky white light that emerged from the yellowish scroll.

With his keen perception, Xiao Yan could clearly feel that the formidable power contained in the two groups of rays of light in front of him was no weaker than Tian Tian Chi!

The Heaven-shifting Ruler is a holy-level fighting skill, so it is enough to show the value of the things contained in the two groups of rays of light in front of you!

"It seems that this time, I should have found a treasure." After a brief period of surprise, Xiao Yan smiled and slowly looked at the two dazzling lights in front of him.

"Then let me see what it is." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the huge soul force directly invaded the light group on the right. At that time, a huge stream of information was like water flowing slowly in the training room. sounded.

"This scroll is divided into two parts, one finger and one punch. When matched together, the power is comparable to that of an intermediate-level saint-level fighting skill!"

"They are the four fingers of the sky and the three fists of good fortune!"

"The firmament of the sky, the fingers can be flexed, the fist of creation, shakes the heavens and the earth!"