Chapter 340: The fallen thing of Tianmuyu, the fish source stone!

"Shabu Shabu!" The five passed through the space teleportation formation, and also came to an unfamiliar place.

"Are you alright?" Just after landing, before Xiao Yan could look around, Mu Yingying, who found the jade hand she was holding, stared blankly at herself.

His eyes were very blurred, as if he was caught in some thought.

As Xiao Yan's voice fell, Xiao Shou, Da Pang, and Mu Feng also stared at Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying, obviously they were very vague about their relationship.

"what……"

"I'm fine..." Mu Yingying's face was also flushed, and then she instantly retracted her jade hand, a prince like a deer jumping around.

"Really cow!" Mu Feng also gave Xiao Yan a thumbs up, and then said.

"Go! Go! Go!"

"Let's do business!" Xiao Yan didn't care about these people, and immediately looked at this unfamiliar place, but the accident happened at this moment.

Xiao Yan and the others were also qualified to enter the Xuanling Emperor Pond. It seems that the space teleportation formation on the first floor of the underground palace is the entrance to this Xuanling Emperor Pond...

Xiao Yan thought so in his heart.

With the dazzling light shining, Xiao Yan and the others also disappeared into the underground palace, and the next moment, the five of them also reappeared in a new place.

Looking around, the place where the five of them are at this time is also a space teleportation formation, which is obviously linked to the first-layer lock of the underground palace.

The several-zhang altar of the space teleportation formation here is obviously linked to the underground palace, and Xiao Yan also discovered that there is a road not far away, and it is unknown where it leads.

"Let's go!" Xiaoshou and Da Fatang shouted as soon as they landed, and then they ran hand in hand, and instantly disappeared beside Xiao Yan and the others. They stepped down the steps, facing the slightly five meters away. Run through the wide passage of left and right!

"What are they doing..." Mu Feng also wondered.

"No, hurry up!" Although Xiao Yan didn't know what the **** these two were up to, there was no doubt that these two were the best in the Xuanling royal family, and this Xuanling Imperial Pond was also owned by the Xuanling Imperial family. It was inevitable that these two would know something that Xiao Yan did not even know.

When Mu Yingying and Mu Feng heard the words, they also nodded at Xiao Yan, and then chased them away.

With Mu Yingying's four-star Dou Emperor's ability to successfully touch the five-star Dou Emperor level, even if the strength of the two brothers and sisters has reached the five-star Dou Emperor level, Mu Yingying is still somewhat confident, and chasing these two is not worth mentioning.

Xiao Yan was at the back of the four, chasing and releasing a huge soul, and then his eyes became strange...

"The Emperor Xuanling Pond..."

"Accordingly, it should be a river-like existence, why haven't I seen any rivers or even the sound of running water..." Xiao Yan also thought in his heart.

The next moment, before Xiao Yan thought about it, there was a result...

"This is..." Xiao Yan also stopped his steps, then stared blankly at the ground under his feet.

Because Xiao Yan also felt it, it was obviously unreasonable why there would be a protruding piece in the middle of this seemingly flat road.

"Xiao Yan, what's wrong with you?" Mu Yingying on the side also noticed that there seemed to be some strange things here, and she did not use all her strength to chase the two brothers and sisters, but paid attention to Xiao Yan's side, when she saw Xiao Yan Yan's eyes became strange, and he also stopped, then walked back and said to Xiao Yan.

"Xiao Yan, what did you find?" Mu Feng also realized that this was definitely not the Xuanling Emperor Pond, and immediately asked.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"As soon as I came here, I noticed something was wrong..."

"Look, what is under my feet..." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he crouched down and pointed at the strangely colored stone under his feet.

"Isn't this an ordinary stone?" Mu Yingying also wondered. Although this stone is quite protruding and special, it doesn't seem to have any substantive effect. What did Xiao Yan discover? ?

"What do you think, Mu Feng..." Xiao Yan didn't expect this Mu Yingying, and immediately turned his head to face Mu Feng.

"This stone..."

"I seem to have seen it somewhere..." After Mu Feng finished speaking, he also grabbed his forehead with one hand and tried to recall.

"This is a kind of stone that is not fake."

"But it also has a name."

"Fish Origin Stone." Xiao Yan also slowly looked at the stone on the ground and said.

"Fish Origin Stone?" Mu Yingying also bit her lip slightly, then crouched down slightly curiously and looked at the stone pointed by Xiao Yan.

On the flat ground, a protruding stone also appeared. Upon closer inspection, it was a rather strange stone, showing an irregular shape, but Mu Yingying's palm just touched it, and there was an impressive An extremely cold feeling swept through the body.

"This stone is so weird, there seems to be some power in it..." Mu Yingying also made a judgment after a short contact.

"Yes, this is the Fish Origin Stone!"

"The legend is a rather rare stone."

"Its value is similar to that of Najing. It can absorb or store Dou Qi or some mysterious power so that people can absorb it." Mu Feng also said slowly, obviously the words of Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying also reminded Mu Feng. Something about this fish origin stone.

"What Mu Feng said is not false."

"However, the value of this fish origin stone is more than that."

"Except for what you said, Mu Feng, as far as I know, every birth of this Fish Origin Stone is related to the fall of a strong man, and only the fall of a strong man is formed."

"The so-called fish here also has its own title."

"Tianmuyu." Xiao Yan also said slowly.

"What is...Tianmuyu?" Mu Feng also had a half-knowing and then asked.

"Tianmuyu does not refer to a single person or creature, but to a group of fish, a group of fish that once caused a panic within Xuantian three days." Xiao Yan also said slowly.

"The Tianmuyu race was originally just a small race in the ocean in Xuantian San, and it was preyed on by humans all the year round, but I don't know what happened at the beginning, the Tianmuyu race has the ability to cultivate, with their huge number , also brought a disaster to Xuan Tiantian."

"Then there were nine real powerhouses in the Tianmuyu race, and they were the representatives of their Tianmuyu clan."

"As for this fish source stone, it means that this is the place where the nine strong men among the Tianmu fish fell..."

"Because this Fish Origin Stone is something that will only appear after the fall of the nine Tianmuyu clan experts!" Xiao Yan's gaze also became difficult to look at.

Because these are obviously what Zhu Lao told him, but the strength of the nine strong men of the Tianmuyu clan is not weak.

"Put this fish source stone away first, I believe it may be useful for a while." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his eyes became hot.

Then the next moment, milky white flames appeared all over the body, slowly wrapping the palm of the hand, and ruthlessly pulling out the Yuyuan Stone embedded on the ground!

"damn it!"

"This thing can't be pulled out!" Xiao Yan also showed a thoughtful expression, and then his eyes kept rolling.

Ask for tickets!