Chapter Vol 4 850: Jade Rabbit Hall

"That scroll is in Gunny's hands!" Whoever said something during the battle, Gunny, who was fighting against Xiao Yan in an instant, was directly besieged by some other powerhouses.

"You bastard!"

"It's not good to die!" At this time, Guni realized why Xiao Yan had just dropped the two scrolls, and then pretended to be injured when he attacked and transferred the scrolls!

Now these three scrolls are hot potatoes, whoever gets them will be unlucky.

Following the strong man's words, Meng Fei and Hua Lexin rushed out and attacked Gunni, obviously wanting to take back the things in Gunni's hands!

"Guni!" Seeing this, Hua Le took control of the puppet in his hand and roared away at Gunni!

It's strange to say that, in Hua Lexin's hands, the puppet seems to be no different from a living person. The dazzling power of life, coupled with the freedom of movement, I am afraid that some humans are not as good as the puppet.

"Boom boom boom!" The terrorist attack from the puppet instantly put a great deal of pressure on Gunny. Although Gunny was not afraid, it was still slightly difficult for Gunny to deal with the two seven-star fighting powerhouses at once.

"Hand over the things!" Hua Le snorted coldly, and then stared at Gunny.

"Should I hand over something?"

"How do you divide?" Gunny smiled slightly, staring at Hua Lexin and Meng Fei.

"Let's use this trick less, it's our business how we divide it, if you don't hand it over, I'm afraid..." Meng Fei naturally knew that Guni wanted to use the alienation scheme, and immediately opened his mouth.

"Take it!" The next moment Gunny, the scroll flew directly towards Meng Fei!

"It's almost the same!" Meng Fei was overjoyed when he saw this. He was just about to catch the scroll, but unexpectedly, the scroll came to him and turned into a dazzling force of life!

"Guni, you are courting death!" Meng Fei was furious when he saw this, and immediately raised his palm, the power of soul and the power of flame attacked Gunni at the same time!

"Boom boom boom!" Gunny put away the scroll, and faced Hua Lexin and Meng Fei at the same time, which made him want to retreat. After all, these two guys are not vegetarians.

"You'd better ask yourself to be blessed." Xiao Yan said with a calm expression. After all, he had just taken back a scroll without knowing it. As for the other three scrolls, they seemed to be quite tempting, but Xiao Yan Yan wouldn't be stupid enough to compete with them. After all, there are too many strong people here, and Xiao Yan's team's overall strength is not high, so there is no need.

"Are you alright?" Wudu and Xiuqi came to Xiao Yan and asked.

"It's alright, let's go and let them fight." Xiao Yan finished speaking, and directly led his team towards the depths.

Wudu and Xiuqi heard the words, although they were reluctant to part with it, but they also knew that there were many treasures in this palace, and the most important thing was inheritance, so they didn't hesitate.

For the others, the three scrolls landed on Song Yue, Gunny and Bing Sailor respectively. The three of them were now facing enemies from both sides. Seeing Xiao Yan so easily moved to the depths, they all felt a hint of determination in their hearts.

On the other hand, Song Yue was not feeling well either.

I just grabbed the scroll, but these people seemed to be crazy, attacking themselves crazily.

"Yue, it is not advisable to stay here for a long time, let's go first!" Hong Qian took a look and found that the situation was not right, so she did not dare to stay any longer, and said to Song Yue.

"Qian'er, let's go!" Song Yue directly shook the sword in his hand, and with the help of a powerful impact, he temporarily sent the people blocking the road flying, and then went directly to the depths.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

On the other hand, Bing Shui and Gunny's group were stopped by other powerhouses. Looking at the battle, I'm afraid it will take a lot of time to get out of the battle.

However, the three of them are by no means ordinary people, directly urging the huge energy of life in their bodies, and they seem to want to escape from here.

There were also some strong people who knew the importance of the matter, and immediately gave up the scroll and walked towards the back of the treasure chest. It seemed that there was an extremely huge palace.

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan and his group rushed directly into the passage behind the treasure chest.

Just after entering the passage, lights flickered all around, and at the end of the lights, a stone gate blocked the way.

"Another space?"

"How can it be so complicated in this palace?" Mu Feng felt that the end of the passage they were walking was also a space, and immediately opened his mouth.

"Be careful, this should be the center of the palace." Xiao Yan said.

"The inheritance is not in the center of the palace, but it looks a bit like it is at the bottom of the palace." Yueru shook her head and said.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan and his party just walked through the passage, but unexpectedly, just as Mu Feng said, a larger space appeared.

"Jade Rabbit Palace?" A stone gate blocked the passage at the end, but when everyone looked up, they saw a crescent-shaped plaque hanging above everyone's heads.

"Jade Rabbit?" Yueru raised her head slightly when she heard the words.

She knew that this Jade Rabbit was inseparable from Fairy Moon, so she probably knew a lot about Fairy Moon.

"Come in!" There was a strange feeling in everyone's heart, and they went in directly.

"Squeak!" The stone door was gently pushed open, without any mystery, everyone went in directly.

And as Xiao Yan and his party entered, the other strong men from Song Yue also followed him.

"Bang Bang Bang!" As soon as everyone stepped into the Jade Rabbit Hall, dozens of faint lights suddenly lit up on the surrounding walls.

Following this, what reflected in the eyes of many strong people was an extremely empty Jade Rabbit Hall.

There is no decoration in the Jade Rabbit Hall, it is very simple, but in the center of the hall, there is an extremely huge stone statue. That stone statue is a human woman and woman. From the stone statue, everyone can also know that this guy has extraordinary strength. , and the strangest thing is that the stone statue is clearly a human woman and a woman, but on the head, the two fluffy rabbit ears are from junior high school, lifelike, and the white and fluffy jade rabbit ears make people feel alive. , and nothing else!

"This palace is so mysterious." Mu Feng only stared at the stone statue of the jade rabbit in front of him and muttered.

"What is this?" Song Yue and Hong Qian looked at each other, obviously not knowing about the jade rabbit statue.

"It is said that there is a Jade Rabbit under the constellation Fairy Moon. The original intention of the Jade Rabbit was a magical beast, but she has been with Fairy Moon for a lot of time. It can be said that she has witnessed Fairy Moon's deeds from being ordinary to being promoted to Dou Xian." Bingshui Said slightly.

"This thing..."

"It seems..." The three of Gunni shook their heads slightly, obviously feeling something from the jade rabbit statue, but the two mysterious marks on Qi Haoqing's body flickered slightly, obviously the blood curse hidden in the body and the cloth under the Xuanling King The mysterious mark has moved.

"Welcome to the Jade Rabbit Hall." After a while, a sweet voice slowly echoed in this space, and then the door was heavily closed!

Five updates are guaranteed today, and ten consecutive updates tomorrow and the day after tomorrow.