Chapter Vol 2 749: contest

"Qinxin?"

"Why are you here?" the old man asked in surprise.

The old man in front of him was Ye Meng, the deputy owner of the pharmacy. As for the girl, she was Leng Fuyao, who had extraordinary spiritual power.

"I'm here this time mainly for him." Qin Xin finished speaking and stepped back, revealing Xiao Yan's face.

"he?"

"What is this kid doing?"

"Although this kid has been in a lot of movement in the Burning Incense Pavilion recently, my pharmacy is not comparable to the three palaces of heaven, earth and people, so..." Ye Meng did not give Xiao Yan and Qinxin any face, and he fell down as soon as they met. General eviction order.

This Xiao Yan's rumors have caused a lot of ups and downs in the Fenxiang Pavilion in the past few days, and it is difficult not to know.

But to be honest, Ye Meng still has some admiration for Xiao Yan, not for anything else, just because this kid not only broke the cultivation record of Tongtianhe, but also broke the fighting skills that no one has successfully cultivated in the Hall of People. One point is enough to be admired, let alone two.

"Hehe, senior, don't say that at this time, this junior is here mainly to advance to the second-rank Emperor Rank Alchemist, so I came here to seek help." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Emperor-rank second-grade pharmacist?"

"Your soul power has reached the level of an emperor?" Ye Meng was shocked when he heard this.

He knows that the reason why alchemists are too rare has a lot to do with soul power!

Soul power is the key to determining whether a pharmacist is strong or not, and every tyrannical pharmacist is undoubtedly a strong person with strong soul power.

"Hehe, barely achieved." Xiao Yan seemed to have expected this old man to come out like this, and suddenly said with a smile.

After that, a dazzling soul force emerged from Xiao Yan's eyebrows!

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan's soul power just emerged, and he suddenly whistled away at Ye Meng. The level of terror was probably no less than the full force of a six-star Dou Emperor perfected powerhouse.

"Good boy."

"Originally, I thought you were only blessed with unique accomplishments in the process of cultivation, but I never imagined that Ye had such an excellent skill in refining medicine." Ye Neng's eyes suddenly flashed a mysterious look, and then his eyes fixed on Xiao Yan, Seems to be thinking about something.

"It's actually an emperor-level soul power, and this power doesn't look like you just stepped in..."

"This guy..." There seemed to be a hint of surprise in Leng Fuyao's beautiful eyes.

You have been practicing medicine refining techniques under the guidance of Ye Meng all the year round, but you can't compare to a guy who cultivates vindictiveness?

Leng Fuyao felt a bit of dissatisfaction in his heart.

"Your soul power doesn't seem to be at the level of an emperor." Seeming to see the difference in Xiao Yan's power, Ye Meng said suddenly.

"I was lucky enough to break through to the emperor's realm level." Xiao Yan didn't hesitate at all when confronted with Ye Meng's question. He spoke directly, but the frivolity in his voice could not be concealed.

"Emperor Realm Level Small Perfection?"

"This is comparable to some alchemy masters of the second rank of the emperor. This guy..." Ye Meng was extremely surprised.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Our refining pharmacy has always been neutral, and we have never had any dealings with the Three Temples of Heaven, Earth and Humanity, so you can't use us to break through the second-grade emperor-rank refining pharmacist." Ye Meng hesitated for a few minutes, and suddenly said.

"Senior, I don't remember when the Fenxiang Pavilion had this regulation." Following Ye Meng's voice, Qin Xin, who was beside him, couldn't hold back and spoke directly.

Ye Meng made it clear that he was bullying Xiao Yan.

"Hehe, this is a new regulation issued by the Fenxiang Pavilion, and I have no choice." Ye Meng shrugged helplessly.

"Hey, if that's the case, then I'll disturb you." Faced with Ye Meng's aggressive Nuonuo, Xiao Yan naturally smiled knowingly, and then just turned around and left.

Because when Xiao Yan just used his soul power, he found that his master Zhu Lao was watching him, and he was not afraid of Ye Meng.

Although Ye Meng said that his strength and refining skills were quite extraordinary, but Elder Zhu was the number one battle formation master in Xuantian Santian. With the strength of that half-immortal, Ye Meng didn't dare to say anything.

"Hey, wait a minute."

"There is another way to help you."

"And it will allow you to come and go freely in this refining pharmacy in the future, and the medicinal pills in it can be used freely, as well as for the public." Before Xiao Yan stepped out, Ye Meng immediately opened his mouth to be polite.

"What way?" Xiao turned around and said.

"Worship me as a teacher." Ye Meng said slightly, as if winning the ticket.

"dream!"

"Old man Ye Meng, you forgot that this kid is a disciple of my Zhujin, and you dare to rob a disciple of labor and capital Zhujin?" Just as Ye Meng finished speaking, a very loud voice suddenly appeared in the distance, and then it was like Giant dragons generally come here with extremely terrifying power.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Just kidding."

"Don't you just want to use us here to break through and enter the second-rank alchemist of the emperor."

"It's not easy, as long as you beat my disciple in the competition, everything is easy to say." Ye Meng was also shocked by the sudden power just now, and then spoke slightly.

The power just now clearly belonged to Zhu Jin. Now that guy has broken through to the level of a half-immortal, he is undoubtedly much stronger than himself. Therefore, Ye Meng did not dare to have any more thoughts about Xiao Yan. However, Ye Meng was still very sorry.

Xiao Yan's achievements in the future are limitless, and now he lost such a potential disciple, and he felt a little sad immediately.

"What is the test method?" Xiao Yan turned his head and asked Ye Meng The voice just now was that of Zhu Jin, but Zhu Jin did not come here, but brought a threatening tone .

"Ha ha."

"It's simple."

"This disciple of mine is now a first-rank emperor. Although his soul power is not as strong as yours, he may not lose to you."

"Competition is like refining medicine pills."

"If you win, let you break through here safely. If you lose, find another source."

"Also, don't use Zhu Jin to oppress me. This is the biggest concession I have made. After all, here, I have the final say." Ye Meng said without talking nonsense with Xiao Yan.

"She?" When Xiao Yan heard the words, he naturally knew the seriousness of the matter, and also knew that what Ye Meng said was true or false, so he did not push against Nuonuo.

However, after Ye Meng finished speaking, Xiao Yan's gaze shifted slightly to the woman behind Ye Meng.

This girl is wearing a blue dress, which highlights her exquisite and quality figure, and the short shoulder-length hair also sets off a good atmosphere. In addition, it is like a snowflake that has never bloomed in the ice and snow outside her body. Generally, the lips and small eyes reveal a feeling that strangers should not be approached.

"This guy's name is Leng Fuyao. He is the one with the most talent in the entire pharmacy, and his soul power is also extremely perverted. You have to be careful." Qin Xin said slightly beside Xiao Yan.

"My name is Leng Fuyao, and I hope to have an upright competition with you." Leng Fuyao took a few steps forward and stretched out his hand to Xiao Yan, but the coldness in his tone and the indifference in his eyes were nothing at all. Changed, as if this Xiao Yan Emperor's soul power of Xiao Yuan was vulnerable in front of her. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: