Chapter Vol 4 1416: Orc Tamers, Hidden Soul Society!

"What's going on?" Several other ships also noticed something was wrong, and immediately looked around, trying to find clues.

After some searching to no avail, he also became hurried.

"Don't be afraid!" Duan Qifei said suddenly.

With Du Qifei's comfort, everyone was relieved and left.

"Underwater...there is something!" In an instant, Liu Qing's beautiful eyes flickered, and he said.

"Shabu Shabu!" When Liu Qing spoke, in the bottomless sea, a black shadow of a huge creature suddenly passed by.

Even for just a moment, many people noticed something strange. The shadow was extremely large, and there was a terrifying smell all over his body.

"This ship is a product of the power of space, it should be prepared for us by Tianming Villa..."

"And the mysterious guy below can easily penetrate it. Its strength must not be underestimated."

"But why did it sink the ship instead of attacking us?"

"Everyone be careful!" At this time, Xiao Yan frowned and thought.

"Okay!" When many contestants heard it, they nodded secretly, and then watched the mysterious creatures in the sea at any time. Maybe even Xiao Yan didn't notice. Among the strong, they have a lot of right to speak.

"Have you found it..."

"I wonder if you little guys will bring me some surprises." Duo Tianhong also sat abruptly on the head of the boat and muttered.

This kind of experience is actually just a small game for Tianming Villa to test the contestants.

After all, the people who can come to Tianming Villa to participate in the Four Continents Competition are all well-rounded people from their respective four continents. If they can't pass such a simple level, it's just a waste of time.

The boat they were riding on was dozens of feet long, with only the bow and stern, and a fist gap appeared at the bottom of the boat. Suddenly the speed of the boat slowed down, and even the inside of the boat was injected by seawater. Taking countermeasures may sink the ship.

"This mysterious creature seems to want to sink our ship..."

"But what's the use of it?"

"Seawater?" And Xiao Yan's eyes also turned rapidly.

"Weng Om!" As soon as the voice fell, Xiao Yan bent slightly, his palms facing the sea water below the boat support.

"Zizzi." Just when he touched the cold sea water, Xiao Yan's body suddenly shook, and even his fighting qi was constantly draining.

"Pfft!" With a sound, his body was enveloped by Dou Qi, and he jumped directly into the sea.

"Crash!" As soon as he poured into the sea, Xiao Yan suddenly felt an irresistible pressure, directly suppressing himself. In addition to the loss of Dou Qi, the sea actually had such a mysterious power.

"This sea water is strange." In an instant, Xiao Yan's breath soared, he broke away from the control of the sea water, and returned to the top of the boat, so Xiao Yan said with a solemn gaze.

Their current distance, although it seems to be very close to Tianming Villa, is actually quite a distance. If the ship is sunk, plus the mystery of the sea, I am afraid that with their current strength, it is not enough. Support them to swim from the sea to the other side.

"It seems that this is the first level to enter Tianming Villa, it's really not easy." Yun Qi shook her head slightly, at this time, she didn't have a good countermeasure, so she could only pin her hopes on Xiao Yan.

"Fei'er, what impression do you have when you have been here before?" Although Xiao Yan already had some solutions in his heart, he still turned his head and asked.

"Cough cough!" In an instant, a silver thunderbolt enveloped Du Qifei directly, preventing him from speaking.

"His grandma, is this too much?" Seeing this, Mu Ge couldn't help but utter a foul language. This Tianhong is too cruel.

"It seems that we can only rely on ourselves." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly.

"We are like this." After a while, Xiao Yan also had an idea and whispered.

"Okay." The other three nodded slowly when they heard the words.

"Weng Om." The boats are still moving slowly in this sea area, but at this time, there are endless gaps the size of fists under the boats, and the sea water is like breaking a dyke, quickly pouring into the bottom of the boats, allowing these boats About to sink to the bottom of the sea, Xiao Yan and his party were indifferent.

"I really can hold my breath..."

"This sea area is extremely mysterious and dangerous. If you don't have a ship, you can't leave here with your two-star three-star level time." Duan Tianhong muttered in his heart, but he didn't mean to take action.

"The watering of the boat is too serious. If it is damaged, it may sink in an instant." At this moment, Mu Ge frowned and said to Xiao Yan.

"almost."

"Yun Qi, do it!" In an instant, Xiao Yan and Yun Qi went directly under the sea water!

At that time, the two bodies will be wrapped by the dazzling soul power, but even if the soul power of the two reaches the fairyland, they will be rapidly lost under the power of the mysterious sea water.

"Gulugulu!" The bodies of the two had just poured into the water hundreds of meters below the sea, and suddenly a black shadow of a behemoth came into sight.

"I found you!"

"Get out of here!" An angry roar suddenly resounded throughout the entire sea area. At that time, Xiao Yan and Yun Qi joined forces, the dazzling soul power gathered at one point, and suddenly attacked the mysterious creature in front of him.

The next moment, a shocking water column suddenly emerged from the bottom of the sea.

And when this sudden change happened, Duo Tianhong's body also suddenly disappeared hidden in the surrounding space.

"Nice boy, but it's a pity..."

"Meet me, this time will be your death!" After a while, the mysterious creature under the sky-shattering water column slowly disappeared, so a small figure emerged directly above the sea, and then a thin-faced man slowly Standing in the sight of everyone.

"The middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals?" Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning just now after correcting this guy.

If it was the real situation, he would have the power to fight against the middle stage powerhouses of the Three Star Fighting Immortals.

"By the way, I haven't introduced myself yet."

"I am a member of the Hidden Soul Society, and this sea of ​​dust is the world of our Hidden Soul Society!"

"You... all will be completely reduced to the servants of our Hidden Soul Society!" A arrogant voice suddenly sounded, and then the sea became violent.

"It's really tricky." Seeing this, Xiao Yan also had a headache.

"I'll deal with it." Yun Qimei turned her eyes and said, because of her soul power, she could find that Xiao Yan's power seemed to be limited a lot.

"Don't worry, I can handle it." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and a fiery fighting spirit emerged.

https://

Genius website address: . Mobile version reading website: