Chapter 170: The first battle of ghosts!

"It's also a scourge for things to come out here. Why don't we join forces to solve it?" Mu Feng and Xiao Yan stood by the cold pool, and then Mu Feng said excitedly.

"It's not very good." Xiao Yan also refused. After all, the two of them had only met twice. Although they knew that Mu Feng was also here to participate in the test and selection, they had to be defensive, not to mention in the cold pool. The things are too weird, this Mu Feng actually wants to deal with him by himself, it must be a conspiracy.

"How can you do this? I kindly save you, but you don't want to kill the people. If the things in this cold pond escape, I don't know how many people will suffer..." Mu Feng also scolded Xiao Yan with hatred.

Xiao Yan was also convinced by this Mu Feng's childlike character, and it was not easy to refuse immediately. After all, he was helped by this Mu Feng's invisibility just now, and then he saw that Mu Feng didn't have a trace here. Because Xiao Yan saw something different in his eyes, he was very excited, this kid should know some unknown secrets...

"Are you sure?" Xiao Yan was also a little uncertain. After all, even Xiao Yan couldn't perceive the power of ghosts under the cold pond. They must be extremely powerful. Moreover, Xiao Yan had never dealt with such a thing before. It's even more tricky to get up. If one is not careful, then the two of them are also...

"I...I'm not sure..."

"But I believe you have also heard what that person said before. There are so many people here, all of them are newcomers who came to participate in the selection. If you look carefully, there are hundreds of people here." Xiao Yan just finished Mu Feng's voice. Even if he turned his head to look, there were many black figures standing not far from the two of them, and there were as many as a hundred people.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"If my expectations are correct, these people will all be thrown into this cold pond. Once the ghosts in this cold pond break the seal, even the chief person in charge here will be more fortunate."

"So do you dare to try?" Mu Feng did not hide it from Xiao Yan. After all, the latter had a powerful power that was barely there. Even Mu Feng couldn't match it, but when it comes to dealing with ghosts, Mu Feng has a lot of power. Quite confident than Xiao Yan, after all, he has dealt with these ghosts since he was a child.

"Then give it a try, if something is wrong, run away immediately!" Xiao Yan also said solemnly.

"I knew you would do this." Mu Feng also said as if he had expected Xiao Yan's actions.

"Be careful." Xiao Yan was also emphasizing that Mu Feng's soul power was obviously not as strong as Xiao Yan's. Xiao Yan could feel a faint wave of fluctuations in this cold pool, full of the smell of death.

I saw Mu Feng, the ring on his finger flashed, and something appeared on his left and right hands.

There were words in his mouth, and then layers of blue light appeared all over his body, the light on his left hand drew, and his right hand clenched the wooden sword, and his body moved around the cold pool.

Mu Feng muttered words in his mouth, and swung the wooden sword in his right hand eagerly, like a master of folk practice casting spells, which was very funny.

Xiao Yan watched from the side and couldn't help but chuckle. He thought this kid was very weird, but he also felt that there were bursts of light appearing where Mu Feng walked, and there was also a terror on the wooden sword. The power is brewing.

However, the Golden Dragon King, who was entrenched in Xiao Yan's body, had a trace of deep thought in his eyes at this time, as if he had thought of something, and was a little surprised.

"I never imagined that there are still people in this world who master the art of gossip yin and yang." The Golden Dragon King also spoke slowly.

"Gossip yin and yang technique?" Xiao Yan was also surprised.

Xiao Yan had heard from his master Jinlong King before, that this world is very big, and there are many people who practice in other ways.

Xiao Yan only understood at this time that it was no wonder that Mu Feng was not afraid of this spooky ghost. It turned out that he was carrying a treasure.

"How can something in this pond feel familiar?" The Golden Dragon King also said solemnly, but Xiao Yan stared at Han Chi and didn't hear it.

Mu Feng snorted lightly, and saw the wooden sword in his hand suddenly burst out with a powerful blue light, slashing down at Hanchi.

Immediately, the powerful cyan sword qi hit the surface of the pool in an instant, and a loud noise came, and the water splashed several meters high.

Immediately afterwards, I saw countless black smoke in the cold pond slowly emerging, and slowly disappearing into nothingness under Mu Feng's blue sword energy.

After Mu Feng slashed out with his sword, he instantly took out a blood-colored paper talisman with his left hand, bit his right index finger, and quickly wrote a long string of blood spells on the talisman, and then immediately slapped it towards Han Chi.

I saw that blood talisman suddenly turned into a huge energy dragon, and instantly entered the cold pool.

As soon as the blood talisman entered the cold pond, the water in the cold pond suddenly swelled, and it seemed to be afraid of the blood talisman. Then the gurgling sound accompanied by countless black gases floated up from the pool, and then turned into thin threads under the power of the blood talisman. disappeared into the air.

At this time, the entire water surface shook violently.

The waves in the pool were getting bigger and bigger, and then a black attack beam of light instantly shot out from the pool, breaking through the suppression of the pool water, and breaking through the energy dragon of Mu Feng's blood talisman, and instantly rushed to Mu Feng's position.

The wooden sword in Mu Feng's hand erupted into a monstrous atmosphere, and it was indistinguishable from the black beam of light.

At this time, Xiao Yan's complexion changed greatly, and the Dou Qi in his body was also running to the extreme. A terrifying milky white Dou Qi light instantly appeared, swept away wildly, and slashed the black object that came out of the cold pool.

At this time, I saw that in the cold pool, a black gas was slowly appearing above the water surface, and the black gas formed a black figure, very gloomy, like a ghost.

When Mu Feng saw the black ghost, his face changed slightly, and he said loudly: "Be careful, this is a very rare ghost, it is extremely powerful, it is comparable to the powerhouse in the early stage of our four-star fighting emperor very It's hard to deal with." After speaking, he swung the wooden sword, muttering to himself, and then suddenly sent out a dark blue brilliance, mercilessly slashing at the ghost.

With a yawning grin, the ghost's body instantly turned into light smoke and disappeared from the spot.

In the next instant, he appeared behind Xiao Yan. He was about to attack Xiao Yan, but unexpectedly, Xiao Yan slapped the ghost with his palm.

Xiao Yan was also fighting this ghost for the first time. It felt like an attack hitting a sponge.

Seeing this, the ghost spirit also hurriedly dodged, and just about to make a move, he found that there was some movement in the cold pool beside him, and then stared at the water surface of the cold pool without moving.

The water surface of the Cold Pond was bubbling with big bubbles, and as soon as the bubbles were broken, a thicker black gas also diffused out, as if something was about to appear.

"Damn, how can there be such a level of ghost energy here, Xiao Yanzi, hurry up!" The voice of his master, the Golden Dragon King, roared violently in Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan was shocked by the sudden voice of his master Jinlong, and then he didn't bother to stop, grabbed Mu Feng who was still casting spells, and ran out quickly.

Because even if his master, the Golden Dragon King, didn't remind himself, Xiao Yan's huge soul power felt an unheard-of smell from the even larger black gas above the cold pond.

It is... the smell of death!

Asking for a ticket~ It's cold and everyone is dressed~

Today is the beginning of spring~