Chapter Vol 4 1440: Tianming Peak, the last level!

Tianming Mountain Range, this is the only way to enter Tianming Mountain Villa. Only by going through the various tests set by Tianming Mountain Villa can you have the opportunity to step into it and participate in the Four Continents Competition. After all, this kind of test, to some extent It also exists in order to weaken the number of people in the competition.

At this time, at the top of the mountain surrounded by clouds and mist, there were many figures surging. Even after these figures came to the top of the mountain, they all stopped moving, and their pupils all looked towards the top of the mountain. , there was a sense of fear in his eyes, as if there was something to fear them at the top of the Tianming Mountains.

"Sister Qifei... What should I do now?" On a flat ground, the Thunder Valley powerhouses headed by Du Qifei gathered around and spoke slightly.

This is the top of Tianming Mountain Range, and it is also the last level to enter Tianming Villa.

Everyone is at the top of the Tianming Mountains, but the top of the Tianming Mountains is quite strange. The top is a strange peak with a circular shape. The peaks are mainly flat, and the overall area is about a few hundred meters in size. But the lush ancient trees and rocks are endless, and even the edge of the round peak, some yellow sand with strange power protects the entire mountain, and the mountain becomes mysterious and extraordinary in an instant... or even crossed In this area of ​​yellow sand, something bad will happen.

"Above this mountain, it should be the space that connects to Tianming Villa... But I always feel that it doesn't seem that simple here."

"Everyone, be careful." Yun Qimei's eyes continued to explore the mountain, relying on her tyrannical soul power, she vaguely found that there seemed to be a trace of ancient fluctuations in the mountain, which made her feel quite disturbed.

"Xiao Yan and Mu Ge haven't come back yet, our strength is much less, we'll be on guard first, wait for them to come back, we'll have a long-term plan, remember, don't cross the yellow sand sideline and enter the mountain, otherwise, if something happens, it will be troublesome. ." Du Qifei's beautiful eyes flickered, and then he kept looking at the mountain that was isolated by the yellow sand, the power of thunder with a trace of mysterious power emerged in the beautiful eyes, and even through the mysterious mountain, he noticed that it was faint. About some dim luster appeared, and immediately ordered seriously.

Being so instructed by Duo Qifei, everyone nodded slowly. As for Du Tianhong, he was just like no one, and he didn't have any intention of making a move.

"What's going on?" In an instant, everyone was discussing here, but the other side, not far from everyone, was in chaos.

"Get out of the way, I have something to do with your person in charge." Du Qifei and the others turned to look, but saw a figure slowly approaching them.

This Qian Ying is none other than the accomplice who traveled with them, Yuan Zong's person.

"I remember that this guy is from the Yuan Sect... a guy named Yuan Hong, right?" Feng Yu couldn't help speaking when he saw this.

"It's really her... and her strength is probably a lot more tyrannical than Mu Ge." Yun Qi shook his head slightly and said.

"Go and take a look." Duo Qifei also knew the seriousness of the situation, so he didn't dare to neglect, and walked over with Yun Qi Liuqing and himself.

"Is something wrong?" Liu Qing has been quiet and did not speak, but when he came to Yuanhong, he said coquettishly, obviously this Yuanhong put a lot of pressure on him.

"Let's discuss something with you." Yuan Hong said with a blank face, without any emotional fluctuations in his voice.

"What's the matter?" Du Qifei stepped forward and asked.

"What about Xiao Yan... Let him come out. He and I can break through the strangeness of this mountain. It will also be extremely easy to enter Tianming Mountain Villa." Yuan Hong glanced at the back, and then opened the mouth and said, obviously the three women in front of him Although the strength is not bad, it is far from the level of cracking the strangeness of the mountain.

"Xiao Yan is not here... If you have anything, just tell us directly." Yun Qi's mouth filled with a dangerous arc, and he spoke immediately.

"Is that so..." Seeing this, Yuan Hong also retracted her gaze. After all, according to her investigation, Xiao Yan was indeed not here.

"Do you know the secret of the Tianming Mountains?" Suddenly, Yuanhong said strangely, and there was a strange smell in her voice.

"The secret of the Tianming Mountains?" The three women were dumbfounded when they heard the words. Obviously, they were also at a loss for this kind of thing.

"The mountain in front of you is the top of the Tianming Mountain Range, and it is also the only way to enter the Tianming Mountain Villa..." Yuan Hong said slowly.

"We know this..." the three women said.

"And the yellow sand that separates the mountain from the outside world is weird... In addition to the mystery of this mountain, the top of the Heavenly Underworld Mountains is not so easy to break into." Yuan Hong said.

"What on earth are you trying to do!" After a while, the three girls were also stunned by Yuan Hong's words, and couldn't help but said coquettishly.

"I'm here to seek cooperation... Although this mountain is strange, we just have the means of restraint, so you send someone to protect us, the mystery of the top of the mountain, we will solve it, and then go to Tianming Mountain Villa together, how about it?" At this time, A smile slowly emerged from the corner of Yuan Hong's mouth.

"This guy..." Duo Qifei heard the words, but was secretly surprised.

"Let's think about it and give you an answer tomorrow." As soon as the voice fell, the three women went back to the camp to discuss countermeasures.

"Tomorrow... it's fine."

"This mountain is an impressive formation. Without our Yuanzong's help, I'm afraid you wouldn't even want to go into it." Yuanhong said something, and then went back to her camp.

"Boom!"

"Where is this?" Just as the two forces were at peace and discussing countermeasures, on a flat ground outside the top of the mountain, the violently undulating soil suddenly wriggled, turning into a bottomless pit in an instant. At this time, above the giant pit, a worrisome voice also sounded slowly.

"Hehe... I made a mistake, I haven't used the earth element to move for a long time." In an instant, three figures emerged directly from the giant pit, and the earth demon bear man also said apologetically.

"Let's go, I sensed her aura, let's meet first." Xiao Yan cast a helpless glance at the earth demon bear man, and then went to the place where the Thunder Valley powerhouse lived.

"This place... seems to be very different from before." The Earth Demon Bear followed Xiao Yan and the two while looking at the mountain that was isolated by the yellow sand, muttering to himself.

"These guys... luck is really good..."

"However, on this guy named Xiao Yan, the Great Heaven Seed... Holy Flame, plus the strange thunder power, as well as the Nizi, Yuan Zong, etc. in the Thunder Valley."

"It seems that this time, Duo Tianhong came prepared, and this Yuan Sect, after being silent for so many years, is finally about to bloom..."

"I'm really looking forward to it." At the same time, in a milky white mist on the side of the top of the mountain, a little gossip slowly came out, but this milky white fog has followed the two forces since the beginning, even the milky white fog. The figure in the fog, its strength is on the same level as Du Tianhong!

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!