Chapter 693: A battle of 2 people!

"Cough, cough..." At this time, whether it was a five-element beast or a demon fox, they were all extremely weak!

The flame figure just devoured the three of them directly, and the huge flame power in its body continued to erode several of them. If it wasn't for the Five Elements Beast and the Two-Tailed Demon Fox respectively using the trump card at the bottom of the box, I'm afraid they would have been left there forever.

After all, the flame figure's body will probably be devoured by it after staying for some time.

"This Xiao Yan has a lot of secrets..."

"The flames on my body are just a sliver of the power of the holy flame. I didn't expect that Xiao Yan not only has the holy flame, but also the existence of the holy flame, but looking at this appearance, it seems that Xiao Yan and this holy flame spirit exist. are hostile."

"It is said that the spirit of holy flame is born from holy flame. Once the spirit of holy flame and holy flame are fused, that is the real holy flame..." Qinxin shook her head slightly, puzzled by this scene.

"What should come will come sooner or later. If this time is successful, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's fire control power can be improved to a higher level!" Xiao Yan's tone seemed to be very important to him.

When the Five Elements Beast and the Demon Fox saw this, they laughed bitterly. At this moment, the Demon Fox's crazy thoughts had already been suppressed.

The fall of the night cat made a demon fox feel deeply.

"Boom boom boom!" Xinyan and Xiao Yan looked at each other for a few minutes, and then the two figures suddenly burst out!

"Bang Bang Bang!" Hands, feet, the two used their most tyrannical attack methods.

However, what makes Xinyan puzzled is that his current strength is already at the level of the Nine-Star Dou Emperor. Even if the power of the Holy Flame, the source of Fire Heart Tianyan, exists in Xiao Yan's body, it is impossible for Xiao Yan to be a late-stage Six-Star Dou Emperor. The strong have the power to fight against themselves, what a joke!

If the ranks among Dou Emperors could be ignored like this, I am afraid there would not be so many people who would continue to cultivate.

"Xinyan, I have to say that your strength is extremely tyrannical, and the strength of the Holy Flame Spirit has reached the level of the Nine-Star Dou Emperor, but you have forgotten one most fundamental thing."

"Your existence is due to the holy flame, and the power of the holy flame has been swallowed by my refining. Although it can't be called all of it, most of the power of the holy flame is in my body. The strong Star Dou Emperor is not a big threat to me, who has the holy flame." Xiao Yan stopped the attack in his hand and smiled.

"Hehe, I really underestimate you."

"I should have thought, how can it be easy for a guy with Fen Jue?"

"But it doesn't matter anymore."

"Next, let you know the horror of the Holy Flame Spirit!"

"Swallowing Spirit!" After Xinyan finished speaking, the khaki-yellow holy flames suddenly increased, instantly turning into countless suctions and jetting out in all directions!

"Not good!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan said in a deep voice.

"late!"

"Swallow it for me!" Xinyan had long expected that Xiao Yan would stop him. After all, no matter what, what he did was to devour the dead beast in the Fallen Mountain and turn it into his own power, no matter if it was from the Burning Incense Pavilion. It was Xiao Yan's own consideration, and Xiao Yan would not stand idly by.

"This guy's strength is getting stronger and stronger..." Seeing that there was no hope of struggling, Xiao Yan had to give up killing Xinyan temporarily, and then tried his best to mobilize the power of Emperor Yan in his body!

As Xiao Yan mobilized the power of Emperor Yan in his body, a handsome man outside the Fenxiang Pavilion took action.

This man is clearly the original fire elf Xiao Yi.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Xiaoyi did not participate in the team competition, but kept lurking in Wuzhuju, but when Xiao Yan sent the news, Xiaoyi opened her eyes first and murmured: "I already knew that the Holy Flame Spirit is not a good thing, since Dare to touch my big brother, then this time, let you taste what real fear is!"

After Xiao Yi finished speaking, a throbbing flame suddenly appeared on the tip of her slender fingers, and immediately burned in the room!

As the flames burned, the space in the house was slightly distorted, and Xiao Yi immediately got up and walked towards the place where Xiao Yan was!

"Strange, what's going on?"

"That wave just now... the spirit of Luoling Mountain?" At the entrance of the three major mountain ranges in Luoling Mountain, Xiong Yuan squinted his eyes, trying to use his perception to find out what was going on, and opened his mouth slightly.

"The spirit of Luoling Mountain was on the verge of death when he was rescued by the pavilion master and went to retreat, how could it be..." Mu Xuzi on the side was quite puzzled.

It seems that Mu Xuzi felt something.

"There seems to be something big happening in Luoling Mountain..." Xiong Yuan and Mu Xuzi both looked at each other and said immediately.

As soon as the voices of the two fell, on the top of Wuliang Mountain, the shocking battle was still going on!

As more and more dead beasts madly poured into Xinyan's body, the power of Xinyan also collided more and more!

"Strange, why are the dead beasts here heading towards the Boundless Mountain like crazy..." said an extremely powerful man in the team.

This man is impressively the strongest in the Hall of Earth, Zhu Yuan, a genuine half-step seven-star fighting emperor.

In fact, these guys from the local team participated in the competition this time, not for the reward of the competition, but for the experience, but also because of the Five Elements Beasts and the Celestial Giant Beasts in Luoling Mountain.

After all, if these two are defeated, the precious things on both of them are treasures for the Seven Star Dou Emperor. Even if they are put up for auction, they will definitely be astronomical, but no one will put them up for auction. .

"It should be the same with the others..."

"Just at the top of Boundless Mountain, some other power broke out, I hope there will be no problem Zhu Yuan heard the words and walked towards Boundless Mountain.

In the team this time, there is Qinxin, Qinxin is the disciple of Qing Lao, if there is any loss, I am afraid that I will not be able to eat and walk.

Not only Zhu Yuan, but other teams scattered in the Five Elements Mountain Range and the Tianmu Mountain Range also noticed something strange, and immediately headed towards the Boundless Mountain!

"That guy is getting stronger and stronger..." Mu Yingying said in a deep voice, a hint of hesitation flashed in her eyes.

Although the power of the Holy Flame Spirit of the Heart Rock is not fatal to those who emerge from the Holy Flame, it still makes Mu Yingying a little worried.

"What is Xiao Yan doing?"

"Let this guy absorb so much power?"

"If it goes on like this, I'm afraid..." A hint of doubt flashed across Qin Xin's pretty face.

"This flame figure's approach is actually the same as yours, but this guy is more violent. He doesn't use any means, just devours the dead beast, probably relying on his own powerful strength..." Five Elements Beast said.

"Alas..." With the loss of two lives in a row, and the loss of his beloved Night Cat, the one-tailed demon fox was no longer too crazy about those things.

"I've made so many mistakes, this time, I hope I can make up for it." After the demon fox finished speaking, a strange look flashed in his eyes, and then he stared at Xinyan closely.

As for Xiao Yan, he just sat cross-legged slowly, where he sat cross-legged, as if the eternity was uncertain!

Ask for tickets!