Chapter 677: win

"Strange, why does this Mr. Xiong seem to have changed into a different person."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I remember that when this Lord Xiong fought, he was a real fighting madman. He didn't give the enemy a chance to breathe. Among the two heads, the red head is quite suspicious.

"Did you pay attention, this guy is constantly absorbing the power of flame overflowing from Xiao Yan's attack, every time he resists Xiao Yan's huge flame ruler, the power of flame will pour into a lot of his body, I don't know. What do you want?" said the other head of the two-headed Yalong.

"Absorb the power of flame..." Ye Cat said, his voice suddenly sharpened.

Due to its small size and its particularity, the night cat has actually lived in the mysterious cave of Wuliangshan. As for the two-headed Yalong and Xiongjun, they have their own territory, so they did not live in the mysterious cave.

Now that the two-headed Yalong said this, Ye Cat remembered that his master seemed to have prepared blood essence and magic core. The two cauldrons that contained countless magic cores and blood essence seemed to be far from enough. Something, if you think about it carefully now, I am afraid it is missing the flame.

It's just that the master said that if you want to extract these magic cores and blood essence, ordinary flames will not work, because the dead beasts here are special, so they must be special flames.

"Could it be..." The next moment, Ye Cat seemed to suddenly understand something.

"What's wrong?" The double-headed Yalong heard the words, and looked at the night cat a little strangely. It was strange enough that the bear gentleman was constantly being beaten to absorb a little bit of flame power, and the words and deeds of the night cat now are extremely strange.

"It's fine." Night Cat shook his head slightly, but was surprised.

"This guy..." Seeing this, the two-headed Yalong naturally understood what Ye Cat might have thought of, but he didn't reveal it.

"This guy is not of the fire attribute. He actually absorbed so much of my flame power. Are you not afraid of being attacked..." Xiao Yan kept attacking Xiong Jun, but as the attack deepened, Xiao Yan found that, No matter how powerful his attack is, if it falls on Xiong Jun, it will cause a slight amount of damage at most, but the degree of Xiong Jun's rough skin and flesh, this damage is not worth mentioning.

"No, this Xiong Jun has absorbed my flame, and my flame doesn't seem to be in his body..." Xiao Yan's control of his emperor's flame can be said to be clear, and the next moment he felt something abnormal.

"Where?" When he used the help of Lord Xiong to resist his attack, Xiao Yan's mind closed, and he immediately felt the location of his Emperor Yan.

After speaking, Xiao Yan raised his head and looked up, and the place he was looking at was the top of the Boundless Mountain!

Even though the thick smoke blocked his sight, Xiao Yan still felt a familiar wave from the top of the Boundless Mountain!

That wave, it was the Emperor Yan who attacked himself!

Because with Xiao Yan's perception, it seems that this Xiong Jun absorbed the power of his own flames and transmitted it to the top of the Boundless Mountain!

Although I don't know how this guy is so unknowing, Xiao Yan can clearly feel that the power of flame absorbed by Xiong Jun is on the top of the mountain, but that On the top of the mountain, there seems to be a faint but even bigger aura!

"Mr. Xiong, what are you doing!"

"Hurry up and defeat this guy!" The two-headed Yalong suddenly became impatient, thinking that the three powerful men of the dignified mountain would actually take great pains to be careful of a human being. Strange!

"What do you know!" Xiong Jun cast a disdainful glance behind him.

What the master needs most now is this tyrannical flame. As long as he absorbs more of it, the success rate of the master's plan will also be greatly increased!

When the master succeeds, he must promise his own benefits!

"Since you insist on absorbing my flame, then my flame is not so easy to absorb." As time passed slowly, Xiao Yan found that the Xiong Jun's ** is extremely tyrannical, even now Xiao Yan has skyrocketed to seven stars At the early stage of Dou Di, he could not cause substantial damage to Xiong Jun.

"Shabu!" Xiong Jun saw that Xiao Yan had stopped attacking and seemed to be thinking about something, and then he did not give Xiao Yan a chance to breathe, his sharp claws suddenly waved, and several bursts of energy with a sharp breath shot at Xiao Yan. And go!

"This guy seems to be hiding something." Seeing this, Xiao Yan just gave up his thoughts, and then the ancient ruler of the ancient fire in his hand shone brightly, and an unheard of terrifying aura was born.

"The secret method is coming to an end, are you planning to strike the final blow..." Xiong Jun narrowed his eyes, his heavy and majestic body moved slightly, staring closely at the gorgeous man who was covered in Emperor Yan!

"Although I don't know what the **** you are doing, but..."

"It's time to end!" Xiao Yan suddenly raised the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand, and a dazzling light burst out, blocking the terrifying attack of the Xiong Jun in a blink of an eye.

"Look at the ruler!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and then his figure moved suddenly, directly holding the dazzling ancient ruler of different fire in his hand, and attacked Mr. Xiong!

Xiao Yan knew clearly that this gentleman Xiong must have a purpose in absorbing the power of his own flames, but he couldn't think of what purpose this guy had for the time being.

Moreover, Xiao Yan gave up the opportunity to display his fighting skills, in order to use the terrifying power of the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler with his own subtle control, so as to achieve serious injury to Xiong Jun, otherwise, it is only by relying on the fighting skills that Xiao Yan is currently practicing. , I'm afraid I can't deal with Xiong Jun even if I run out of vindictive energy.

"Good boy!" Xiong Jun snorted coldly, naturally seeing through Xiao Yan's intentions. Com's two fluffy palms lifted directly, and suddenly a wall of earth appeared out of thin air to block in front of him!

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan faced the sudden appearance of the earthen wall, without panic at all, he made a breakthrough layer by layer!

"Boy, thank you for your flame. Next, let's have a good taste of the fear of death."

"Hahaha!" The next moment, Lord Xiong laughed suddenly, a wild voice echoed in this space!

"This guy, is he finally going to use his strength... But why do I feel that there seems to be something calling them in this Boundless Mountain..." Xiao Yan was shocked by Xiong Jun's momentum, and suddenly stopped, and then his eyes slowly fixed on the three Great dead beast.

"okay."

"Come back." Just when Mr. Xiong was about to make a real move, a silent voice slowly came down from the top of Boundless Mountain.

"It seems that the plan should start."

"Let's go, these guys will let them fend for themselves." When Xiong Jun heard the words, there was a hint of surprise in his eyes, and immediately without hesitation, his figure exploded and walked towards the top of the mountain!

When the other night cats and the two-headed Yalong saw this, they all looked at each other and followed directly!

Following the silent voice from the top of the mountain, Xiao Yan suddenly felt that there seemed to be something in his body that was slowly exuding a greedy color!

Even the smoke that shrouded the top of Boundless Mountain slowly dissipated, replaced by an extremely heavy cloud of blood!

Ask for tickets!