Chapter 597: Dou Xian! Color scales!

As the closed Medusa Temple was kicked out by Qian Ying, a conspicuous passage on the wall of the Medusa Temple was kicked out by it!

As for Xuan Ming, he was kicked unconscious by Cailin!

"Damn it!" King Xuanling raised his head and stared at the beautiful shadow slightly.

I saw that Qianying's body was wrapped in a force of ten colors, and there was no clue at all from the outside!

King Xuanling also tried to investigate Qianying, but King Xuanling was surprised to find that no matter how hard he tried, his power would not be able to break through the power of ten colors!

On the power of ten colors, the terrifying power of isolation instantly emerged!

"Is this woman the Colorful Sky Swallowing Python?"

"But what's the matter with the power of ten colors on that body?"

"In this power of ten colors, there are so many attributes?" King Xuanling couldn't help frowning.

"Xuan Ming?" Seeing this, Ye Mo's heart sank, and then his figure moved and flew directly towards Xuan Ming, who had passed out!

Upon seeing this, King Xuanling immediately escaped from the Temple of Medusa, and then went to Xuanming's side!

As for the color scales and the ten-color swallowing python, they are located in the Medusa temple, quietly watching the escaped Xuanling King and a few people!

"What should I do now!" Shicai Tiantian Python said to Cailin.

After all, I am a companion spirit snake, so I still have to focus on the color scales!

"No, I have to save him first!" Cailin said coldly, with a rare stubbornness in her voice!

"There are other people in this Temple of Medusa?" It seemed that he noticed something, and then the Ten-Colored Swallowing Python suddenly found a few Tang Tang people in the Temple of Medusa, and immediately shot them away. !

"There are enemies!" At the next moment, Tang Tang was the first to discover the Ten-Colored Sky-Swallowing Python, but the latter's terrifying strength, even Tang Tang, was slightly struggling!

"Breaking into the Temple of Medusa!"

"Death!" Since the seven-colored swallowing python evolved into the ten-colored swallowing python, it immediately understood the grievances between the Medusa family and the Xuanling royal family, and immediately shouted angrily!

"Damn it!" Tang Tang's face became solemn when he saw this, and then he was ready to deal with the ten-color swallowing python. Even if he lost, he could only delay time for his own companions!

"You go first!" Tang Tang said decisively, without any hesitation in his voice.

"Do not!"

"Captain, we will live and die with you!" The scarred man and several of his subordinates have not been to Tang Tang for a day or two, so they have no intention of leaving!

"Go!" Tang Tang's voice increased a bit.

As soon as he finished speaking, the medicinal pill prepared by Xiao Yan instantly appeared in the palm of his hand.

"You guys go quickly!"

"I'll hold it back!" Tang Tang knew that he couldn't deal with this terrifying Ten-color Swallowing Python, and a random blow from the Ten-color Swallowing Python might be enough to kill him!

"This is..." Just when Tang Tang was in a hurry to swallow the medicinal pill and was about to go all out, the figure of the ten-color swallowing python turned into a woman, casually skipping in front of Tang Tang, and grabbed the medicinal pill in his palm. past.

"It has his taste on it..." Shicai Tiantian Python said familiarly.

Among the medicinal pills, there are still bursts of medicinal incense, and Xiao Yan's as many as twenty kinds of different fires were refined and refined, which is very distinguishable.

"Well?" Cai Lin's eyes have never left Tang Tang and several people. Out of a woman's intuition, Cai Tun seems to think that Tang Tang knows Xiao Yan!

"What's the relationship between Xiao Yan and you?" Cai Tun's figure moved, regardless of the Xuanling King, and directly stepped through the void and came to Tang Tang.

"Are you fighting immortals?" Tang Tang looked up at the mysterious woman with difficulty, and a murderous intent slowly radiated from her shadow.

"Having a relationship with him, it's considered a team."

"What about these pills?"

"Brother Xiao Yan is generous. These things were given to us when he was our team's alchemist."

"Humph!" Tang Tang and Cailin's strange dialogue echoed in this temple.

"Let's go." After Cai Lin heard the words, she immediately became friendly towards these people!

"He's still so adventurous..." With a light hum, it turned into a sound of boundless terror that echoed throughout the temple.

"What is the relationship between this mysterious woman and Xiao Yan?"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"A mysterious powerhouse at the level of Dou Xian, it seems that Xiao Yan's background is not small..." How can Tang Tang not understand what this mysterious woman is doing, this is clearly because they have a relationship with Xiao Yan. For the sake of it, I let them go, otherwise this time, there is no need to say more about the fate of Tang Tang.

"Go!" Tang Tang glanced at each other, and then they were not in this crisis-filled Medusa Temple, they went directly to the gap and disappeared quickly.

"damn it!"

"What exactly is going on?"

"This woman's strength has actually reached the level of Dou Xian?"

"When did the Medusa clan appear to have such a level of power?" King Xuanling swept out of the Medusa Temple, came to the fainted Xuanming, and probed slightly away, and found that Xuanming was only temporarily lost. With the power of action, there is no fatality, and immediately heaved a sigh of relief!

Because no matter what, this Xuanming is one of the few strong men in the entire dragon-loving army!

The third-ranked Jiuxing Dou Di, if there are any flaws in this, I am afraid that King Xuanling will not be able to eat and walk around. After all, King Xuanling is not the only one who covers the sky with one hand.

"King Xuanling, didn't you say that you have figured out what's in the Temple of Medusa?"

"What's going on?" Ye Mo shouted to King Xuanling who was standing beside him, holding back his anger.

"Lao Ye, I do know some secrets in the Medusa Temple, but all I know is that there is a colorful swallowing python in the Medusa Temple, but I never knew that such a powerhouse would appear..." King Xuanling's face was extremely ugly, as if he had eaten durian.

"I am afraid that the strength of this mysterious woman has reached the level of fighting immortals..." Ye Mo calmed down in the next moment Because Ye Mo knew that now is not the time to fight in the nest, once the Medusa clan is mysteriously strong If he takes action, I am afraid that with the strength of Ye Mo and King Xuanling, they cannot resist!

After all, that mysterious woman is a real Fighting Immortal!

The gap between the real Dou Xian and the half-immortal powerhouse is not even a little bit, and what's more, they are only two nine-star Dou Emperors.

"Master, this King Xuanling will not be killed now, but in the future..." Shicai Tiantian Python did not feel any surprise when he saw Cailin let go of Tang Tang and a few people, but said to King Xuanling calmly. .

"It's too late, I have to save him first. As for these people, I'll talk about it later!" A dignified look appeared on Cailin's shadow, obviously feeling the danger Xiao Yan encountered, and immediately ignored the Xuanling King and the others. , the jade hand was slightly raised, and it was easily swung towards the void around him, and the space was instantly torn apart, and a space crack appeared that did not know where it was going!

"Go!" Cailin snorted coldly, and immediately rushed in!

Although Shicai Tiantian Python was extremely unwilling, he had no choice but to follow people!

"They look like this..."

"It seems that he is going to save people?" King Xuanling immediately understood when he saw the mysterious woman with a wrong expression.

"Let's go, it's time to settle the matter of the Medusa family..."

"There is a strong immortal warrior in the Medusa clan. I am afraid that the situation of Xuantian Santian will be greatly changed!" After the Xuanling King finished speaking, he directly swept up Xuanming, and then quickly disappeared in the desert of death!

Ask for tickets!