Chapter Vol 4 1078: Demon Extermination Ceremony begins

"Since everyone has arrived, then the Demon Extermination Ceremony should be ready to begin, right?" Seeing more and more powerful people pouring into Xuanling Mountain, the Pill Ghost Ye Qingtian stood up directly and faced Xuan Ling who was in the center of the altar. Ling Wang asked.

King Xuanling and Wen Zi, as well as the nine members of the Dragon Addiction Legion, all stood on the raised altar.

"Hehe, Brother Dangui, don't worry." King Xuanling smiled slightly when he heard this.

"Since you are all here, then I won't sell anything."

"My King Xuanling announced."

"The Great Demon Extinguishing Ceremony has officially begun!" And King Xuanling was not in the possession of Ye Ye, but swept into the air and said to the many strong men under the altar.

"It's finally started..."

"Everyone from the evil clan outside the territory gets it and kills it..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The alien evil race has brought us too much pain, and the alien evil race must be completely wiped out..." Some intermittent voices could not help but emerge.

As the voice of King Xuanling fell, the entire altar was filled with extremely high enthusiasm, but some discerning powerhouses also discovered that in the center of the altar, under the black curtain surrounded by the nine people of the Dragon Addiction Legion, there was an extremely high level of enthusiasm. It may be the highlight of this Demon Extermination Ceremony!

"Qin Tian, ​​unveil the curtain!" Seeing so many fiery gazes, King Xuanling didn't hesitate, and said a word directly to Qin Tian behind him.

"Okay." Qin Tian heard the words and agreed, and then a force of life and death emerged from his palm, and then he walked directly towards the black curtain.

"Crash!" He raised his big hand gently, and the thing covered by the black curtain suddenly came into view of everyone.

"Susu!" The black curtain was lifted, and scenes of black gas slowly appeared in front of everyone.

The black gas squirmed slightly like a silkworm, making people nauseous, but it contained an extremely tyrannical evil force.

"This is..." With the disappearance of the black curtain, dozens of gigantic silver cages slowly appeared in everyone's pupils.

Don't underestimate the dozens of silver cages, because the power of the alien races contained in them can easily corrupt a country!

And in the silver giant cage, the shocking scenes tugged at the heartstrings of everyone present.

In the silver cage, scenes of phantoms composed entirely of black gas slowly appeared, but the aura on their bodies was like the source of evil, which was disgusting from the heart!

"This is……"

"Gorefiend?" And Zhu Jin was also shocked by the sight in front of him, so he couldn't help saying.

The Gorefiends can be said to be the old opponents of many powerhouses in Xuantian. In the previous battle between heaven and earth, the Gorefiends caused a devastating attack on them. Completely fell during the war of heaven and earth.

"I didn't expect it to be a blood demon clan..."

"Such a damned evil thing should be completely obliterated." Some strong men couldn't help roaring, obviously remembering some sad things that the Gorefiend would do to them.

"I remember that the Gorefiends respected the Gorefiends, and then they were divided into Left and Right Guards, followed by the Four Gorefiends. You, the remnant of the Gorefiends, seem to have only one Gorefiend Right Guard?" And Zhu Jin was also aware of the number of Gorefiends who were trapped in the silver cage at a glance, and hesitated.

Although the number here is extremely large, this kind of ant is obviously not as important as the leader.

"Haha, what Zhu Jin said is."

"But if I say that the Gorefiend and other powerhouses have already been completely beheaded by me, can you be trusted?" King Xuanling seemed to have expected Zhu Jin to make trouble, and said calmly.

"These days, the reason why I am collecting the troops of our Xuanling royal family is to mobilize all the forces to deal with them."

"But in the end, we still look down on the blood demon envoy and a few strong men under his command. Although we completely wiped them out, we, the Xuanling royal family, are all stained with a trace of evil." Xuanling King Zaidu said. .

"This guy is nonsense." At this time, Shefu below shook his head slightly. Obviously, King Xuanling's statement had no credibility at all.

"Could it be..."

"So it is." When some strong men heard the words, they also nodded.

Now that King Xuanling is powerful, in order to seek shelter, these weak and small forces can only nod and bow to the royal family of Xuanling.

"Susu..."

"It's really a group of humble figures..."

"Even if we fall here this time, the next time our army of evil tribes from outside the territory is overwhelmed, I will see how you deal with it!"

"Next time, you won't be so lucky." When the surrounding people were discussing, in the silver cage, there was a tyrannical aura, and the huge evil shadow that vaguely reached the strength of a human half-immortal couldn't help it. growled.

"Hehe, Gorefiend Right Guard, you are still stubborn when you die?" King Xuanling's pupils were filled with a chilling meaning, and he said to Gorefiend Right Guard.

"It's uncertain who will kill the deer!"

"I want to see how powerful you Xuan Santian, a mob, want to destroy us."

"Hahaha." Gorefiend Right Guard laughed wildly, and there was no trace of fear in his voice.

"Damn."

"This guy is too arrogant."

"King Xuanling, let's do it."

"Destroy these things completely!" Some figures couldn't help but say angrily when they looked at such an arrogant foreigner.

"If there is any matter, we will discuss it later. The most urgent task now is to completely obliterate them first." King Xuanling looked at the evil spirit in the silver cage and said slightly.

"Okay Zhu Jin and the others also knew the importance of the matter, and they agreed without any hesitation.

"Extraterritorial evil people are cunning by nature, and their vitality is extremely tenacious. Only extremely powerful power and flame power can completely obliterate them, so I want to ask Zhu Jin from Fenxiang Pavilion to fight, how about it?" A playful smile.

"No problem." Zhu Jin was said by King Xuanling, and immediately got up and moved, and came to the altar in an instant.

"Since that's the case, then everyone, let's do it!" Seeing that Zhu Jin didn't drag at all, King Xuanling said directly.

"Go!"

"Gather the power of our entire mysterious three days, and completely obliterate these foreign evil races who have been killed by everyone!" Seeing this, the powerhouses of other sects also took action one after another. Attacked by the remnants of the Gorefiends.

"Although my blood demons are exhausted now, they are not something that you mere ants can kill."

"Blood guard." Gorefiend right guard said solemnly.

"Master Youwei." Following the opening of the Gorefiend Youwei, evil shadows said in the silver cage.

"Blast me!"

"Let these righteous people see. If you want to kill us, you won't have to pay some price, but you can't!" After the Gorefiend Right Guard finished speaking, a wave of incomparably strong evil waves suddenly emerged from the silver cage.

"No, these evil forces are going to explode!" In the next moment, Zhu Jin's face became ugly.