Chapter Vol 4 1970: 7-color fire lotus Zhu Yanfeng!

The power of the five-color Buddha's wrathful reincarnation is enough to make Yanfeng move, and now with the addition of two holy flames, just a mere Yanfeng, what's the point!

It is even possible to completely kill Xu Shao with the aftermath of this attack. At that time, I am afraid that there will be a lot of useful information about the magic of immortality.

However, Xiao Yan's only concern is whether his current power can be completely integrated. After all, the power contained in the Seven-Colored Holy Flame may be enough to make Xiao Yan completely fall...

The power of the five-color fire lotus has been integrated by Xiao Yan, so the two holy flame crystals, the amber flame soul fire and the immortal flame, are decorated with extremely mysterious techniques. The incomparably gigantic flame web blasted away directly at Yanfeng.

Although this kind of power could not cause damage to Yan Feng, it was enough to buy enough time for Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan took a deep breath and immediately held the two holy flames that emerged from Su Xueying's body on top of both hands.

The twelfth Nether Night Demon Fire, black in color, looks like a ghostly shadow, a demon that specializes in coveting and devouring humans.

On the other side, the 24th ranked Youqing Wanhanyan, a combination of ice and flame, is quite similar to the bone spirit cold fire in the past.

Holding both hands tightly, a stern wave of evil intentions and a bone-chilling aura emerged from Xiao Yan's hands at the same time.

Although this is borrowing fire, even if the master of the two holy flames acquiesced, there is more or less a load and resistance, but it is not difficult for Xiao Yan, who has a burning determination.

"Feng Jue!" Xiao Yan knew that time waits for no one, and Xiao Yan didn't have this leisurely interest to sense anything. Deep inside his body, Fen Jue, which surpassed the seven great divine arts, started to operate, and at the same time, a trace of strange and mysterious power, Released, and immediately two flames, suddenly quieted down.

"It seems to be simpler than I thought?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he saw this. It has never been so simple before, and he couldn't help but be overjoyed. As for Su Xueying, she stood quietly in the same place, but Yan Feng was stopped for a while. However, the power on Xu Shao's body is getting brighter and brighter, and it seems that he is sending a huge amount of power to Yan Yan to cope with Feng Wan'er. As for this, he has not put his eyes on it.

No matter how tyrannical Xiao Yan is, it is absolutely impossible to break the protection of the Eight-Star Dou Xian Perfection level. This is his reliance.

"Since you are so confident, then this time..." Xiao Yan said with a smile, watching Xu Shao concentrate on running the blood pattern into the world of reincarnation, ignoring Xiao Yan's presence.

After a short while, when the two holy flames became quiet at the same time, Xiao Yan rolled his palms and tapped lightly. The void in front of him was entangled by profound power to form a vortex of fire arc. With a flick of his song finger, the source of holy flame flowed down and shot directly into it.

"Weng Buzz!" Er Dao Shengyan just came to Xiao Yan's compressed fire arc vortex, and a low muffled thunder sounded, a violent energy, with faint traces of explosion.

"Sure enough, I haven't merged before. It was a little troublesome for the first time." Xiao Yan frowned, always paying attention to the changes of the two flames in the void.

After a while, the black flame directly occupied two-thirds of the arc vortex space, and only a small part was left.

"Give me a fusion!" Watching this scene, Xiao Yan's surging fighting spirit unreservedly displayed. In addition to the neutralization of Fen Jue, the two flames did not dare to have any resistance!

"come over!"

"Melting!" This time the fusion of the twelfth-ranked Saint Flame and the 24th-ranked Saint Flame was extremely fast. When the two completely quieted down, the five sources of holy flames inside and outside Xiao Yan's body were also thrown together. And go.

"Boom!" In an instant, countless angry thunders suddenly appeared on the entire square, without warning, a beam of thunder light with a size of dozens of feet descended from the sky, and on the thunder column, there was a touch of Xiao Yan from the sky. The hidden lines that have not been seen before seem to be the catastrophe born from the power of heaven and earth.

"Heavenly Tribulation?"

"How is that possible?" After Xiao Yan took back the five holy flames and began to fuse them, his pupils shrank suddenly and he lost his voice.

"Pfft!" One after another thunderbolt vented down, and no matter what the thunderbolt hit, it would be instantly annihilated, and the destructive power was suffocating.

Since Xiao Yan began to merge, Su Xueying has been watching Xiao Yan, not to say that the burning determination in Xiao Yan's body can neutralize Sheng Yan, but she treats Xiao Yan like this, Xiao Yan has helped him several times, so that now Su Xueying The hostility towards the Xiao Clan in his heart had already been resolved.

The two are now more like ordinary friends.

"Xiao Yan be careful!" After a while, a thunder beam was attacking directly at Xiao Yan's standing position. Su Xueying hurriedly shouted, and she was very impatient.

"Not good!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan smacked his tongue secretly, but now that he has merged to a crucial step, he cannot move. If he moves, the formation of the seven-color lotus seeds will fall short, and that situation is obviously not what Xiao Yan wants to see.

"Crack!" With a sound, Su Xueying's delicate body suddenly touched the thunder beam, her breath suddenly weakened, and even her face became even paler, but she forced a smile at Xiao Yan, obviously this thunder The column was followed by her.

At this time, Xiao Yan's eyes were gloomy like a murderous demon who did not blink, and the speed of condensing the seven-colored fire lotus became faster and faster Seven holy flames, which is really unheard of... But you don't have this chance. "Seeing Xiao Yan's bizarre and terrifying attack, Yan Feng was also in a cold sweat.

Just now, the five-color lotus seeds almost destroyed their body and spirit. If the seven-color lotus seeds are successfully brewed, I am afraid...

With the injection of majestic fighting qi, the flames of the seven colors were in their respective corners, and immediately began to merge, and vaguely, it turned out that Yanfeng had a feeling of numbness in his scalp.

"inflammation!"

"Wan Yan Earth Lock!" Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, the Eight Star Fighting Immortal's complete power on Yan Feng's body came out without reservation, and a chain of tens of thousands of meters of fire wrapped around the entire square, crawling out, even fire In addition to the frightening power above the chain, there is also a trace of extremely weak power.

Reincarnation!

"Hmph...good eyesight, but it's still too late!"

"Seven-colored fire lotus, explode it for me!" Seeing Yanfeng's fierce ultimate move, at the last moment, Xiao Yan didn't care about the perfect fusion, and unleashed the half-fused lotus seeds.

As Xiao Yan's voice fell, Yan Feng's pupils shrank tightly, and following the voice, his body couldn't help tensing up, his eyes fixed on an ordinary lotus seed in front of Xiao Yan.

The lotus seed is extremely small, only the size of a fist, the lotus has seven leaves, and in the center of the seven colored lotus pieces, a lotus seed with a gorgeous color flashes quietly shaking.

Colorful colors, the power contained in each color is enough to rival the sky.

At this moment, an icy chill that was infinitely close to death finally lingered in Yanfeng's body, and he even had a hunch that under this blow, even if he was wielding the magic of immortality, he would only end up in a tragic end. !

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: