Chapter Vol 4 1960: Go to the Mother's Hall!

"Hum!" The power of the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals and the power of the Amber Flame Soul Fire were intertwined. For a time, Su Xueying's pressure increased greatly, and even the pace of movement became slow.

"Don't tell me!" Xiao Yan's body was as fast as a ghost, he grabbed Su Xueying's jade hand, and he roared low, not wanting to admire the beauty at such a distance.

Obviously at this moment, Xiao Yan was completely angry.

She was struggling to retreat, and she was retreating, but this Su Xueying didn't know what to do...

"Let go, you hurt me!" Su Xueying was so frightened by Xiao Yan's strength, the blue holy flame in her body tried to protect herself, but under the pretence of Xiao Yan's amber flame, she didn't dare to do anything. The power of resistance, quietly crawls in his body, but if he uses the more powerful black flame in his body, it will cause a lot of load on himself. Su Xueying can only speak coldly after weighing it.

In the final analysis, Su Xueying is only a woman without any personnel. Now she can feel Xiao Yan's unusually powerful breath and the masculinity of a man at close range, her breathing can't help slowing down, and even her always cold face has become a reality. some temperature.

"Don't challenge my last patience!"

"Otherwise, I don't mind doing other things. Anyway, you always thought that the people of the Xiao clan were like this, so I'll be a downright bad guy." Xiao Yan said decisively, but after he finished speaking, he grabbed his hands tightly. Su Xueying's icy wrists, her eyes fluttered fiercely at her body like a bright moon, and a trace of malicious smile appeared.

"You!" Being so provocative by Xiao Yan, Su Xueying's momentum weakened for a while.

Although Xiao Yan is a member of the Xiao clan, he is from the lower realm after all, and he is very different from the Xiao clan who abandoned them before. In addition, Xiao Yan sacrificed his life to save himself just now, and he did not hesitate to use his life to justify the Xiao clan, Su Xueying felt the same way. Whole grains, don't know what to do.

At this moment, the anger in the medicine pool was extremely strange. Now Xiao Yan grabbed Su Xueying's wrist, and his anger attacked his heart, and a strange breath swept out from the lower abdomen... After all, at the current close distance, even if Xiao Yan, a person with a firm mind, couldn't control it.

Love the country, love the beauty more.

"Boom!" After the blink of an eye, a humming explosion sounded from the top of the mountain, which was the higher position where Xiao Yan and the two were located. The fierce aura contained in it was beyond ordinary. Eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse.

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan took back his breath, and immediately said hesitantly, from the explosion, Xiao Yan clearly smelled a strange fluctuation.

After all, the move just now was only used to scare her, because there was a flame in her body that moved Xiao Yan slightly, and that kind of power was probably enough to surpass the top fifteen on the holy flame list. If she insists on doing this, I am afraid that this girl will fight the threat of serious injury, and she also wants to protect her own cleanliness and beauty. Although this girl has no idea and has been seen by Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan's purpose of this trip is not that.

Of course, although Xiao Yan is not afraid, but in that case, I am afraid that there is no way to solve the relationship between the Xiao family and the guardian.

"That is?"

"The location of the Mother's Palace!"

"No, the mistress is in danger!" Su Xueying looked up with her beautiful eyes, and suddenly lost her voice, and an urgent voice sounded.

"Xiao Yan, for the sake of saving me just now, I have one last piece of advice for you."

"Leave here as soon as possible, otherwise the mistress and the rest of the guardians will know your true identity and they will kill you."

"Their strength is definitely not something you can resist when you have the Holy Flame and the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals." Su Xueying nibbled her silver teeth, and then looked at Xiao Yan with a complicated expression. In the end, she didn't want him to die.

"Hush!" After he finished speaking, he didn't care about Xiao Yan's actions, his delicate body trembled, and blue flames swept out, cooperating with his body to leave countless afterimages in the air, and headed directly towards the top of the mountain range. .

"kill me?"

"I want to see, what are the capabilities of these guardians?" Xiao Yan heard the words, his breath skyrocketed, and he followed directly.

Not to mention that there are reincarnation powerhouses among these guardians, if Xiao Yan is really in a hurry, all the holy flames and the power of the devil are blessed, even if it is reincarnation, Xiao Yan is enough to threaten serious injuries and send him completely. Enter the cycle!

"Boom!" At the same time, when Xiao Yan followed Su Xueying towards the so-called Mistress Palace at the top of the mountain, countless terrifying energy ripples swept out from the surrounding mountains, and the towering trees instantly turned into powder. , floating around in this space.

"No, retreat!" Xiao Yan just went to think about the grievances and grievances of the guardians of the Xiao family, but did not notice that the void leading to the top of the mountain was covered by a layer of colorless and transparent thunder power, and the two stepped into it in one fell swoop. .

"Weng buzzing!" With a sound, Xiao Yan and Su Xueying were suddenly completely wrapped in a huge gray thunder net, and an unusually heavy breath was swept out.

"It's you again." Xiao Yan looked at the giant net of thunder around him, and immediately knew that he might only be able to defeat the enemy and move forward. He then slowly narrowed his eyes, staring at a certain place in the thunder, and his voice was extremely cold.

"Hehe, little guy, we meet again." As Xiao Yan's voice fell, Lei Shi's voice appeared in the giant net of thunder, and at this moment, the aura above his body became stronger and more condensed.

"Get out of the way!" Without waiting for Xiao Yan to make a move, Su Xueying said coldly with a monstrous killing intent in her icy eyes.

"I'm also being controlled. In order to obey the order, I have to come and kill the two of you." Lei Shi said with a smile. Obviously, for him, the inexplicable resurrection is no longer important, as long as he can Fighting with equal opponents is his long-cherished wish.

"You're courting death!" Hearing Lei Shi's contemptuous voice, a black flame spread out in Su Xueying's body, like the rising sun in the dark night. The giant net trembled violently.

"What kind of flame is this?"

"The color is black?"

"Rank 12 or not?" Xiao Yan stood quietly and looked at the cyan flame and black flame on Su Xueying's body, but for a while he couldn't tell what kind of flame it was.

"It's really two little monsters, both with several kinds of holy flames."

"So... let's do it!" There was a strange wave in Lei Shi's dead gray pupils, and the extremely strong thunder force all over his body instantly fought with Su Xueying.

"This girl, with two kinds of holy flames, actually wants to use her own strength to forcibly fuse it... and can fight Lei Shi with the strength of the six-star fighting immortal, although the outcome is already very obvious, but this courage..."

"Strange, this thunder lion's attack doesn't seem to be fatal. Instead, it seems to be a bit of a touch to Su Xueying?"

"What is the situation?" Xiao Yan stood aside and muttered to himself.

Lei Shi is a deceased person, inexplicably resurrected by Xu Shao using evil methods, thus recovering almost all the powers in his life, and even possessing special power similar to the immortal body, and he must obey Xu Shao...

But now the battle between the two is clearly a teacher who is broadcasting his apprentice on demand, which is very strange!

This scene obviously surpassed Xiao Yan's cognition. For a time, Xiao Yan's mind was unable to contain Xu Shao's killing intent.

This time, no matter what... Xu Shao, must die!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: