Chapter Vol 4 924: The plan is successful, leave!

"Ghost-eaten seal?"

"What is that?" Xiao Yan also returned to the crowd from the void at this time, and said slightly.

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the other people's eyes were also looking at Fen Tian, ​​obviously they didn't know about this seal either.

"Ghost-eaten seal, this is an extremely clever sealing method in the ghost world."

"The restraint ability of this seal is extremely tyrannical. If I get caught, even I can't break free, and it is not only restraining the fighting spirit, but also the soul power and even the spiritual power, thus becoming a body at the mercy of others. "Fen Tian's voice spread softly in everyone's mouth, but the chill in his voice poured into everyone's heart.

"Is there any way to solve it..." When Ling Mengsheng heard this, his pupils couldn't help but glow with a hint of madness.

If there is really no way to solve it, then how can I say that I am desperately trying to save Yanchi.

And seeing this scene, Xuan Muqing couldn't help but feel helpless, but it didn't stop Lingmengsheng, because what Xuanmuqing liked was that of Lingmengsheng.

"There is definitely a way."

"But holy flame and soul power are needed." After Fen Tian finished speaking, his eyes suddenly stared at Xiao Yan. Obviously, among the crowd here, only Xiao Yan fits the bill.

"The pavilion master can rest assured, the disciple is bound by his duty." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say.

"Good boy, if this time is successful, after you go back, if you have any requirements, just mention it!" Fenxiang heard the words and burst into laughter, her voice full of laughter.

"Can the treasure of the palace of the Second Heaven and Earth Palace be enough..." Xiao Yan grinned when he heard this.

"Yes, no problem!" Fen Tian said directly.

"This kid is greedy!"

"However, I like it!" Mu Xuzi couldn't help laughing when he heard this.

The treasure of the store in the Second Heaven and Earth Palace, although it is not as powerful as the Human Palace, it is also a rare treasure. Now that Fentian agrees, it will undoubtedly make the strong man of the Second Heaven and Earth Palace feel pain, but in order to save Yanchi, it is hard to say anything.

"This little guy..." When Qing Lao, the deputy head of the Heavenly Palace, and Lingmengsheng, the head of the Earth Palace, heard the words, their eyelids couldn't help but twitched a few times.

This Xiao Yan has learned how to move the sky ruler that almost no one in the human hall has learned, so he also has the fighting skills to spy on their second hall of heaven and earth, so he can't help but feel a bit...

"Let's do it, otherwise it would be very troublesome if the other powerhouses of the Xuanling royal family came." Xiao Yan didn't seem to feel the displeasure of the Palace Master of the Second Heaven and Earth Palace. After a while, he slowly stared at the void above his head and said.

"Yep."

"Zhu Jin, you are responsible for vigilantly protecting them." Fen Tian nodded lightly when he heard the words, but he was a little surprised. Obviously, Xiao Yan's sharpness was so sharp.

"I'll go with you." Just when Xiao Yan and Fen Tian were preparing to move, Mu Yingying, who had been quiet by the side, suddenly spoke up.

"Well?" Xiao Yan was frightened by Mu Yingying's voice.

Xiao Yan had asked Mu Yingying before, if this Yan Chi was his brother, but Mu Yingying denied it, so since he came to the seventh floor of the underground palace, Xiao Yan was very wary of Mu Yingying, after all, if it was Mu Yingying's My brother is not on the seventh floor of the underground palace, that kind of blow may be a bit miserable for her.

"Let's go, the aura on this girl seems to be related to Yan Chi." Fen Tian heard the words, and apparently also discovered the power of holy flame in Mu Yingying.

"Let's go." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't say more.

"The space here seems very strange." The three of Xiao Yan came to the void that bound Yanchi, just outside the range of the chain's attack, and then Fen Tian spoke slowly.

However, just in case, Fen Tian used his power of fighting immortals to protect Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying. After all, these two guys are the mainstay of Fenxiang Pavilion today. If something goes wrong, I am afraid he This pavilion owner is also to blame.

"The space here seems to be different from the space on the seventh floor of the underground palace." Xiao Yan's huge soul perception also discovered the difference in this black qi void, and couldn't help but speak.

"This is the peculiarity of the seal."

"The two of you stand back a little bit. When I break the seal, you will pour holy flame and soul power into it."

"Now without the ghostly support of Dark Night Ghost Immortal, the power of this seal is greatly reduced." Fen Tian said seriously, his dark pupils staring at the black void.

"Yes." Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying both looked at each other and spoke immediately.

"Boom boom boom!" Burning the world for a moment, directly urging the power of fighting immortal flames all over his body, and then gathered directly towards the void in front of him.

"Bang Bang Bang!" The flame force just touched the void, and suddenly an extremely tyrannical force of repulsion erupted from the void.

"Chok Cho!" After a while, bursts of pitch-black chains emerged from the void with astonishing cold light, trying to see Fen Tian's attack down!

"It's now!" Fen Tian shouted loudly, then looked at Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying.

Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying glanced at each other, then the power of the khaki holy flame and the power of the azure holy flame suddenly burst out, instantly pouring into the dark chains and flames that were stalemate in the void in front of them.

"Crash!" With the injection of such two huge powers of holy flame, the man in the void suddenly raised his head with difficulty, and said slightly, "Yingying..."

However, the voice was extremely weak, and no one heard it.

"Soul power!"

"Huangquan's anger, break it for me!" Xiao Yan watched the pitch-black chains slowly become deadlocked by the interception of two huge holy flames, and immediately smiled slowly, and then the dazzling soul power in his body poured out.

The next moment, under the enormous pressure of the two holy flames and the attack of the soul, the dark chains retreated, and then the void also shattered instantly.

"Success." Seeing this, Fen Tian smiled.

"Plop." With the disappearance of the seal the dark chains on the man bound by the cup slowly shattered and disappeared, but a scream resounded through the void slowly from the man.

"Brother..." Before Fen Tian could make a move, Mu Yingying took the man directly, no matter how sloppy the man was, looking at the shocking scar on the man's body, there was a tinge of red in the beautiful eyes, as if tears were about to drip. !

"Hey-hey……"

"Yingying, we won't cry, brother is fine." The man forced a smile that looked extremely unnatural, and then said to Mu Yingying.

"Woooooo."

"Brother, where have you been all these years, it's so hard for me to find you." At this moment, Mu Yingying's tears poured down like a dam bursting.

On the other hand, Xiao Yan, including the group below, became stunned, but this was not the time to ask, and he didn't say anything.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Douxian?"

"Someone is here, let's go!" But after a while, Fen Tian suddenly spoke.

After Fen Tian finished speaking, Zhu Jin's whole body flashed a silver light, which was obviously a teleportation formation from a long distance. Then everyone was directly drowned in the formation and disappeared on the seventh floor of the underground palace.

However, when everyone left with Yan Chi, behind that Yan Chi, a **** bloodstain that was not noticed by everyone dimmed slightly.

That bloodstain seems to be the same as the blood demon golden energy on Xiao Yan, and it is even more powerful than the one on Xiao Yan!