Chapter 299: Li Ji was shocked!

"It can't be such a coincidence..." After the man beside Li Ji finished speaking, he also looked at Xiao Yan intently.

With a black weight on his back...

The strength of the four-star Dou Di in the early stage...

Kill the twin ghost emperors...

All these signs were manifested, the so-called Xiao Yan was the man in front of him.

"you…"

"What's your name..." Li Ji's slightly shocking voice also slowly said to Xiao Yan.

If the seemingly thin man in front of him was Xiao Yan who killed the twin ghost emperors, Li Ji would have to pay attention!

In order to obtain this Fenxiang Pavilion's named disciple, Li Ji killed a lot of ghosts, and even more so for the sake of the Fenxiang Pavilion, and everything he did was just to join the Fenxiang Pavilion.

Li Ji will naturally cherish this great opportunity now, so even if Xiao Yan is not the Xiao Yan who really killed the twin ghost emperors, Li Ji will not take it lightly.

"Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan also lazily loosened his shoulders and said.

"Shabu!" Li Ji heard the words, her pupils shrank tightly, and then a loud noise emanated from Li Ji's body.

"Brother Li..." When the people around him saw this, they also said to Li Ji.

"I'm fine." Li Ji also regained her composure.

"Did you really kill the twin ghost emperors..." Li Ji said in shock.

These named disciples are the most aware of the power of ghosts in the ghost world.

Because of the special geographical location of Fenxiang Pavilion, it is located at the entrance of a ghost realm, so Fenxiang Pavilion has also become the guardian of the entrance to this ghost realm. Every year, many ghosts pour into Xuantian Santian from the entrance to the ghost realm. If the disciple has killed the ghosts to a certain level, then he can pass the qualification of the named disciple.

Having obtained the qualifications of named disciples means that they are qualified to challenge the disciples who really joined the Fenxiang Pavilion. Once the challenge is successful, these named disciples will become sparrows and become phoenixes and become the real disciples of the Fenxiang Pavilion!

Although the strength of the twin ghost emperors is not the top in the ghost world, it is definitely not the bottom.

A person who is comparable to the recognition of the eight-star Dou Emperor was killed by the middle-stage four-star Dou Emperor in front of him. No matter where it is placed, no one can trust it.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After all, with the power of an eight-star Dou Emperor, even if he does not attack, and allows a four-star Dou Emperor to attack, I am afraid that the four-star Dou Emperor will not be able to kill the eight-star Dou Emperor if he runs out of Dou Qi.

No wonder these named disciples were so surprised.

"If no one has the same name as me..."

"I killed the twin ghost emperors." Xiao Yan also said plainly, but the firmness in his eyes was discovered by Li Ji.

This kind of firmness can only appear when you have absolute confidence in your own strength...

Could it be that this Xiao Yan...

"Brother Li, don't care."

"Whether this kid is the one who killed the twin ghost emperors or not, we are all going to defeat them today. As long as we defeat them, our past efforts will be enough..."

"Become a real disciple of Burning Incense Pavilion!" Some named disciples also said to Li Ji.

"Haha, you're right."

"Brother Xiao Yan, I also admire you for killing the twin ghost emperors, but today, I don't know if you can show mercy and let us join this Burning Incense Pavilion." Li Ji also instantly regained her normal expression. , and then slowly said to Xiao Yan.

After all, it doesn't matter whether this Xiao Yan is the Xiao Yan who killed the twin ghost emperors.

Under the absolute suppression of strength, everything is fearless.

With his strength in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, it was not easy to deal with Xiao Yan in the middle stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor.

"Then let me start." Li Ji also found out that the other two five-star fighting emperors had no intention of taking action, and said.

Although the gun is the first bird, there is no doubt that this first one also has its own advantages.

Once he defeated this Xiao Yan, then he was also qualified to join the Fenxiang Pavilion.

"Oh…"

"Did this kid actually kill Yin Xie..."

"No wonder there is an aura that belongs to Yin and evil." The old man above the hall also spoke slowly.

"Which one of you will come first?" Li Ji also spoke slowly, and then took out his weapon, the halberd.

Holding the halberd in one hand and carrying the other behind his back, the place where the halberd points is where the eyes of the named disciple go.

"I'll come first." Xiao Yan also said to Mu Feng who was beside him, then took a step forward, facing Li Ji's halberd.

Many of the surrounding named disciples also stepped back very wisely, leaving enough battle circles for the two of them to fight.

"Hehe, this Li Ji really likes to be the first bird..." Li Zi also said slowly.

"Haha, let him, let him try the water is also very good." Zi Lian also said.

Li Ji, Li Zi, and Zi Lian are the three most outstanding of these 128 named disciples.

Three five-star fighting emperors.

"Xiao Yan, can he do it..." Mu Yingying also bit her lips slightly, and then her pure white fist couldn't help clenching a little.

"It seems that the relationship between Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan is not normal..." Green Flute's eyes were naturally surprised when she noticed Mu Yingying's small gesture.

After all, the two of them didn't know each other, and they had discovered something.

As for Xiao Yan, since he is Her Lady Queen's husband, Green Flute is also very concerned.

In Lvdi's opinion, this Xiao Yan can use the strength of the four-star Dou Di in the early stage to kill the twin ghost emperors who are seriously injured. If it is Lvdi himself, the odds of winning against Xiao Yan are probably less than 30%, or even lower...

"Brother, why don't you let me go..."

"The strength of this Five-Star Dou Di in the early stage is really..." Xiao Yi said with some worry.

"Don't worry, I'm free to take countermeasures." Xiao Yan also smiled slowly at Xiao Yi, and it could be seen that Xiao Yi was concerned about Xiao Yan, so she said. UU reading www.uukanshu. com

"Xiao Yan, you want to win."

"Let these named disciples know how powerful we are in the first place in the points grabbing competition!" Mu Feng also laughed.

After hearing Mu Feng's words, the surrounding registered disciples also had their eyelids twitching violently. Obviously, if this Xiao Yan was really that Xiao Yan, then their brother Li would have no chance of winning.

"Hehe, this time Brother Li has come out, and Xiao Yan has not even mentioned that he was defeated..."

"Just kidding, don't you know our brother Li's strength? The strength of the five-star fighting emperor in the early stage is to be able to kill ghosts that are comparable to the middle stage of the human five-star fighting emperor."

"Ghosts are more powerful than humans..." There were also intermittent words around.

"Xiao Yan, I'm giving you a chance, admit defeat."

"Four-star Dou Emperor and Five-star Dou Emperor are not at the same level after all, lest you suffer some flesh and blood and lose the face of the disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion, then we will make us named disciples laugh out loud." Li Ji also sneered. .

"Really?"

"Then it seems that no one has taught you to tell the difference between the named disciples and the real disciples of our Burning Incense Pavilion."

"Then let me teach you to tell the difference." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also laughed, and his smile was full of confidence.

The third shift is here!

Ask for tickets!

Five more today!

Can I ask for a guaranteed monthly pass?

Thank you!