Chapter Vol 4 2156: Reborn Doudi Continent!

"I didn't expect that girl to have such a terrifying background."

Seeing that this piece of heaven and earth that had already collapsed was easily restored to its original state by the divine power of Mira, and the perpetrators were also taken away by him, Xiao Yan sensed that many forces in his body were rapidly recovering under the brilliance of the angel. Couldn't help but speak.

However, even though this catastrophe ended with such a dramatic scene, Xiao Yan felt that this incident was extremely unreal until a few minutes later.

When I first came to Doudi Continent, I happened to rescue a woman, and then with the help of my uncle, the Golden Dragon King, he awakened her, and finally was sent to a special space.

Originally it was just a very small thing, but it laid the groundwork for today's decades later.

At that time, the Golden Dragon King had said that this girl had a terrifying background and that her achievements in the future would be limitless. Until now, Xiao Yan finally believed it.

The girl named Qing Yuan has an extremely terrifying status in the kingdom of angels.

It was so terrifying that Mira, who was able to make the guard archangel personally guard, and the sixth-level strength Seven Wing Mira changed her face in an instant.

The Queen of Angels, the four-character divine power still exists...

"It's finally over."

After passing the breath, the Soul Eater and the Demon Emperor looked at each other and smiled bitterly. Unexpectedly, the final outcome was taken by Xiao alone, so he couldn't help but look at Xiao Yan a few more times.

This kid actually saved the Angel Queen?

The Queen of Angels is the **** of the angel family. Her words and power are above the entire world, and no one can disobey.

"This guy seems a little decisive."

After a while, Xiao Yan looked at the holy city of the Holy See, which had been restored to its original state, and said in a trembling voice, although that incident was true, doesn't Mila seem too decisive?

"Come on."

"You brat is good at being cheap."

"Angels have special means to detect your breath, so they won't recognize the wrong person."

The Soul Eater came to Xiao Yan's side in one fell swoop, slapped Xiao Yan's body, and laughed.

The countless powerhouses below are also disturbing one after another, and they cherish the feeling of the rest of their lives after the catastrophe.

"We have to go. Staying here for too long will attract the powerhouses in the center of the human world, and then it will be troublesome."

The Demon Emperor and Liu Yun embraced each other and came to Xiao Yan and said that Liu Yun was successfully rescued, and the Demon Emperor would probably continue his journey to restore his power.

"Yep."

Xiao Yan and the Master of Soul Eater nodded at the same time, saying that they were quite satisfied with the pair in front of them.

"Pfft." A sound.

The Demon Emperor and Liu Yun didn't stop there too much. The Demon Emperor tore them at random, and a time-space wormhole emerged. The two disappeared in an instant. The final victory should be left to Xiao Yan and the others.

However, the next time we meet, whether it is Xiao Yan or the Demon Emperor, I am afraid that the strength will change extremely terribly.

"We have already begun to investigate the matter of the Xiao family."

"But it's obviously not the time for you to worry about these things now. The Holy See, the branch above Douyun Continent, has left, and there is no giant sect on Dou Di Continent. For you, this place may be a good one. place."

"I'm optimistic about you."

The Master of Soul Eater took back the Soul Eater Talisman, also stood in the void, and headed towards the ghost world. At the last moment, Xiao Yan's voice pointed out a path for Xiao Yan.

"Congratulations to the teacher."

Xiao Yan nodded his head, naturally knowing that these great powers rashly entered the human world territory on the pretext of their own realm, and they were taking a big risk. But keep this kindness in mind.

After all, no one will come here without any reason.

"Xiao Yan."

"brat."

"This time, we won."

"You are the biggest hero of this battle."

Gu Xingtian, Gu Yuan and the others came to Xiao Yan together, and spoke to Xiao Yan with a smile. There was no way to add praise in their voices. If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's fault this time, I'm afraid that the outcome of this battle would be really unpredictable.

In the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, Sheng Yan, alchemist, and even the savior of the angel queen in the kingdom of angels in the great thousand worlds. With so many titles, Xiao Yan's identity has surpassed all the powerhouses here.

Many Supreme Elders who were as strong as the Samsara rank also respected Xiao Yan as an opponent of the same rank, and did not dare to underestimate him any longer.

"Everyone, please come back."

"The Holy See's rule has completely disintegrated today, and the next Dou Di Continent will be reborn with new vitality, and it will also prosper like never before."

Xiao Yan cupped his hands and smiled at the many strong men. As for the unification of the entire Dou Di Continent, he was not in a hurry. With the shock of this incident, what was needed was only a matter of time.

"In that case, I'll go back after waiting."

"The Lord Xiao Yan is very powerful, and he will come to the door to thank him another day."

A series of polite voices were cast towards Xiao Yan, and all the strong people left the Holy See Holy City one after another. As for the remaining Holy City guards, some archbishops in red clothes of Miller would naturally come to clean up.

"Let's go too. There should be a lot of things among the seven ancient clans. We will discuss the affairs of Doudi Continent after the end of the matter."

Watching the other super sect powerhouses leave, surrounded by ancient clan chiefs and elders, Xiao Yan couldn't help rolling his eyes.

Xiao Yan knew their thoughts, but Xiao Yan also had his own abacus in his heart.

The fame of Xiao Yan, the owner of the Endless Fire Territory, still needs time to spread, and it just happened to use this incident to shock the entire continent.

"In one month, we will hold another meeting at the Douyun Shrine."

"As for the purpose of the meeting, I'm sure your kid understands it too?"

Gu Xingtian spoke slowly, his voice was quite funny, he didn't want to let Xiao Yan go easily.

"Okay."

Xiao Yan nodded and said with a dashing smile.

At this point, many strong people have left the holy city one after another, went back to recuperate, and waited for the holy altar meeting in a month.

A month later, I am afraid that the rules of Douyun Continent will be re-formulated, and the so-called rule overlord now has a very clear choice, and now they are scattered, just to rectify their respective forcesIn the distance, the edge of Douyun Continent.

"Feng Lao... The location of the Holy See seems to be cloudy, doesn't it?"

At this time, among the bright traps here, Feng Lao and several strong men walked out quite embarrassed, and looked at the place where the Holy See was in the distance, where the fluctuations had gradually become quiet.

"No, let's go!"

When Feng Wan'er heard this, her body suddenly moved as if she had expected something.

The Continental Void was imprisoned, and they could only take some flying beasts to advance, so they wasted a lot of time, and even when they finally stepped into the edge of Douyun Continent, they fell into the Pope's light trap and wasted a great opportunity to fight.

"Wait... The spatial confinement seems to have disappeared?" Several strong men behind him murmured instantly.

"what happened?"

"The void here is intact?"

When they came to the Holy See Holy City, many servants here had already started to pack their bags, and there was a faint trace of the overall movement of the Holy See.

"I'm afraid the battle is over."

"Go back to the Endless Fire Territory."

Feng Wan'er lowered her eyes with a gleam of light, the void collapsed, and she suddenly returned to the Endless Fire Territory.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: