Chapter Vol 4 1251: Enter the space array

"Hehe, little friend, this thing is the soul core of a third-grade immortal-order soul beast, a ghost cat."

"I don't know if you can be satisfied?" Yu Tianyue couldn't help laughing when he looked at Xiao Yan's surprised appearance.

As we all know, after the alchemist reaches the immortal rank, the soul core of the soul beast that is required does not need to be divided into attributes!

Even if the medicinal formula you need states that you need a soul core with the water attribute, and you get a soul core with the fire attribute, you can still make medicinal pills, because the immortal-level pharmacist can easily neutralize the two attributes. This is one of the outstanding features of the Immortal Rank Alchemist.

"Fast, give the things directly to Xiao Yan." The next moment, Yu Tianyue laughed.

"En." Yu Ran Ran nodded slightly, then slowly paced to Xiao Yan's side.

"Sir Xiao Yan, this is the soul core of the third-grade immortal rank soul beast. It belongs to you from now on." Yu Ran Ran's sweet voice echoed in the hall.

Xiao Yan's soul power has reached the fairyland now, and Yu Ran Ran is also willing to be called an adult by the arrogant and arrogant Yu Ran Ran.

"Thank you." Xiao Yan was not the one who hesitated and took the silver box directly.

"Weng Om!" Just after taking over the silver box, his keen soul force immediately probed it away. After all, he couldn't listen to other people's one-sided words. It's better to check this kind of thing in person.

"This guy is quite attentive." As an old fox, Yu Tianyue naturally noticed Xiao Yan's actions easily, but he didn't say much. After all, real gold is not afraid of fire.

"Such strong fluctuations are indeed the soul core of the third-rank immortal-order soul beast..." After a while, a bright smile appeared on Xiao Yan's face.

"Hehe, since the reward has been received, Xiao Yan Xiaoyou should go down to rest today."

"Tomorrow at noon, we will enter the space formation and start repairing." Yu Tianyue said.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and then slowly rested under the leadership of the guards.

Xiao Yan knew that the reason why Yu Tianyue gave him the reward first was because he was afraid that he would not be able to do his best. Now that Xiao Yan has received the reward, he would naturally try his best to help them.

"You two, go down and rest too."

"After we enter the space teleportation formation, remember to keep an eye on the people who are staring at Kuye Zhai, they seem to be a little off." Yu Tianyue explained.

"Yes." The two girls nodded lightly.

One day is fleeting, when the scorching sun hangs high on the second day, it symbolizes the arrival of noon.

"Are everyone here?" Yu Zong's backyard, in a quiet bamboo forest, the figure of Yu Tianyue stood in front of him and asked.

Apart from Xiao Yan himself and the Sect Master of the Rain Sect, there were also many powerful figures present.

When Yu Tianyue's voice just fell, a figure in white robe slowly appeared in front of everyone, and his eyes scanned the crowd lightly: "Old Master Yuzong Great Elder, Rain Curtain, this time I and the Sect Master will lead everyone to enter. In the space formation."

"Remember, you must follow us when you enter this time, otherwise, once you get lost in it, I am afraid that the three-star fighting immortal powerhouse will have a narrow life."

Everyone heard the words and nodded lightly. They knew in their hearts that this trip was extremely dangerous, and Kuye Zhai was staring at them in the dark, so they could only send the elders and the sect masters, plus some strong people with good strength to go, and the rest Strength, of course, is to prevent withered leaves.

"Elder, let's do it." Yu Tianyue didn't waste too much time seeing that everyone had arrived.

"En." Great Elder Yu Mu nodded slightly, and then with Yu Tianyue, there was no expression on the indifferent face, and a tyrannical force on his hands slowly condensed in front of everyone.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The strength of this Sect Master Yu is also ranked first in Ye Cheng. The strength of this Great Elder should only be weaker than him." Xiao Yan said in his heart.

"Tear!" At the moment Xiao Yan was thinking, in front of everyone, a silver space gate was also completely stabilized.

"Let's go." Yu Tianyue looked at the silver space gate in front of him, the corners of his mouth wriggled slightly, then he waved his hand and stepped into the space gate first, and disappeared in the blink of an eye, followed by Xiao Yan and the others. .

"Boom boom boom!" A tingling terrifying aura slowly appeared.

With such terrifying spatial fluctuations, the people outside the bamboo forest, a total of ten people, all came to the space formation.

Everyone just came to the space formation, and suddenly a deep silver power filled the surroundings, giving them a very tyrannical oppression.

And when the figure of the last person appeared in the space formation, Yu Tianyue's indifferent face had a slight smile.

"I'm afraid it will take several days to repair the space formation. During this period, I should pay more attention. I always feel that something is wrong." Yu Tianyue Ju Gao glanced around and then said to the crowd.

"Well." Several other people also knew the importance of this matter, and they did not dare to neglect and said slowly.

Everyone stood in the space formation, and suddenly felt a burst of space power that contained the power of destruction, and even a rather hot breath was blowing towards them.

At this time, in Xiao Yan's body, the power of the holy flame and the core of the bucket continued to rotate, exuding a trace of tyrannical power, dissipating the power of space that was trying to attack Xiao Yan.

The so-called space formation is a powerful force above the five-star fighting immortal. With the ability to mobilize the power of space, a space is torn out This space can make people easily shuttle between cities of various sizes, quite a lot. Convenience.

However, the space teleportation array also has its drawbacks, that is, every once in a while, the powerhouse must be regularly maintained by the five-star Dou Xian or above, otherwise once those space forces become disordered, the space teleportation array will not work. Then there are moving tools, thus becoming a train to hell.

"This...is that the power of the unstable space..." Xiao Yan grabbed it casually, and suddenly caught a faint silver light in this void. The silver light contained extremely terrifying power. There is even a hint of heat.

"This is just the outermost space power. What we need to do is to go to the core of the space formation and repair the damaged area."

"The power of space there is extremely violent. Compared with this place, it is undoubtedly more than a hundred times more tyrannical." The elder of the rain screen is currently staring at a place where the silver light is extremely bright, and slowly opens his mouth.

Hearing this, everyone nodded, because they all knew that the power of this space was enough to easily obliterate the Five-Star Fighting Immortal. If it weren't for the power of the soul, which happened to be its nemesis, I'm afraid they would have the guts to enter it rashly.

"Come with me, don't be scattered! This power of space is extremely unstable and its forms are changeable. If it is involved, I'm afraid you can't imagine the consequences."

"Construction started." After a short while, Yu Tianyue's figure moved and suddenly went to the place where the silver light was shining brightly. That place was the core of the space formation and the place where the power of space was most concentrated.