Chapter 306: The Dou Array Master is beginning to show his power!

"These people's visions don't seem right..." Xiao Yan's huge soul power also discovered the other named disciples in this hall. Although most of them are powerhouses in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor, many of them have reached the level of The four-star Dou Emperor is at the perfect level, but obviously, the people in the three battles are already the strong representatives of their named disciples. Once they are defeated...

Then there is no hope for them to join the Burning Incense Pavilion!

"It seems that a war is inevitable, but..." Xiao Yan also said slowly in his heart, and then slowly squeezed the milky white light that had been brewing for a long time in his palm.

In the palm of the hand, the milky white light is the formation condensed by the core inscription of "God Movement"!

"damn it!"

"I didn't expect the newcomer to be so strong this time..." Zi Lian also faced Xiao Yi's crazy attack, and then she could only protect herself, and immediately cursed fiercely.

Xiaoyi on the side also launched a crazy attack on Zilian. After all, Xiaoyi just woke up as a fire elf, and she is not familiar with the control of fighting qi in her body, so there is no doubt that Zilian has the initial strength of the five-star fighting emperor. It became Xiao Yi's best trial stone.

"Damn, we can't dodge like this..." The ten four-star Dou Emperor Perfection level powerhouses also realized something, and then prepared to fight back.

It's just that the ten four-star Dou Emperor Consummation-level named disciples were also extremely embarrassed by the green flute's three little snakes, and there were many scars of varying degrees on their bodies.

Obviously it was caused by the terrifying corrosive power in the little snake.

"Cough, cough..." Green Flute also coughed a few times, and then the three little snakes were instantly taken back by her.

"Are you alright?" Mu Feng also said.

"It's okay, it just consumes a lot of vindictive energy." Green Flute also said softly.

"Leave the rest to me." Mu Feng also said, and then the wooden sword in Mu Feng's hand glowed with dazzling dark blue light, and Mu Feng also began to mutter in his mouth.

"Yin-yang gossip, the law of heaven and earth!"

"The weak retreat!" Mu Feng said viciously, and then a mysterious blue-colored force containing a powerful wind rushed towards the ten people in front of him.

"Fast back!" The ten four-star Dou Emperor consummate powerhouses also hurriedly retreated when they saw this, and then began to condense a Dou Qi barrier on their surface to protect themselves. After all, this Mu Feng's attack should not be underestimated.

But it was more because the three little snakes of the green flute had been chasing the ten of them and spraying out some highly poisonous fighting qi. The ten named disciples had to use a lot of fighting qi in order to resist the poison, because they also knew , once the terrifying poison enters the body...

Then the consequences...

In the light of serious injuries, in the worst case, he fell on the spot!

Although I can't say why, but the ten named disciples, with their four-star Dou Emperor Perfection level strength, can feel that the three little snakes are definitely not that simple...

Moreover, in conjunction with the Medusa family, there are some pets that are so powerful that they are comparable to those of human beings, so they have to be guarded.

Therefore, it took a lot of vindictive energy to deal with the three little snakes of the green flute, and now dealing with such a terrifying attack as Mu Feng, it also felt powerless.

"Boom boom boom!" Mu Feng's terrifying attack also caused some injuries to the ten named disciples, but Mu Feng also knew that although his attack was powerful, the targets of his attacks were scattered. After all, they were ten named disciples. One, then Mu Feng also has the confidence to seriously injure him!

If there were only ten, Mu Feng's attack power would be greatly reduced.

"Damn it!" Li Zi also saw the state of the other two places, and then did not hesitate.

The aura suddenly burst out from her body, and she said that she would back away Mu Yingying who was fighting with her.

"If that's the case, then we can't blame us."

"Everyone..."

"Condensation!" Li Zi also spoke slowly!

Because of the strength and eyesight of Li Zi's Five-Star Dou Di in the early stage, it is natural to find that even if these two battles are exhausted, the result of winning is very small...

But they are not alone!

There are 128 of them!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

They are a whole, and in terms of cooperation ability, these people are also out to kill ghosts all year round, so they often form teams, and as for cooperation, they are extremely tacit.

"Roar!" Deafening voices also gathered from all directions in the hall, and then an extremely terrifying aura instantly filled the hall.

"This..." Mu Yingying was also stunned by this sudden scene.

"What is this..." Mu Feng and Ludi also found out that the ten named disciples who were fighting with them also rushed towards their large army. Excluding Li Ji, there were 127 strong men in front of them!

At this time, in the hall, the 127 named disciples slowly condensed their fighting qi, and the terrifying fighting qi filled the entire hall in an instant, and I saw them standing up in a row.

That height is ten stories high!

The highest place is where Li Zi is, followed by Zi Lian and an unknown disciple, and then ten named disciples. There are ten floors. A total of 127 named disciples form a huge human wall. However, even Xiao Yan was greatly surprised by its sturdiness.

"Ghost-craving formation!" Li Zi also shouted loudly, and then those huge fighting qi instantly converged into a huge energy figure, which enveloped the full 127 named disciples.

"Hmph, I really underestimated you before..."

"But since we have joined forces, there is no chance..."

"Accept failure!" Li Zi also laughed.

"Despicable!" The green flute on the side also said that his face was not very good. Obviously, he also felt a terrifying fluctuation from this huge energy giant.

"The lips are dead and the teeth are cold. This is our only chance to join the Burning Incense Pavilion, so it's despicable..."

"Be a little mean, as long as you can win." Li Zi also said slowly.

"Okay, it's time to end you guys. I remember that the last time I was cracked by a little monster I didn't join the Burning Incense Pavilion, but you don't seem to be that much this year. Good luck." Li Zi also said.

Xiao Yan was surprised to find that when Li Zi said a few words about last year's little monster, his eyelids jumped violently, which obviously left him a very unforgettable scene.

"It's troublesome now..." Mu Feng also said solemnly. Obviously, the power contained in this terrifying energy giant is probably not something that the five of them can resist.

"Don't worry, leave it to me." Xiao Yan also smiled slowly, and then waved his palm viciously towards the huge energy giant.

At the same time, Li Zi also discovered that there was a milky white light from Xiao Yan's hand, which was directed towards their energy giant composed of 127 people!

"What is that..." Li Zi also had sharp eyes, saw Xiao Yan's every move, and then said slowly and solemnly.

"It's a mystery!" Zi Lian also said impatiently.

"careful……"

"This milky white light seems to be a little wrong!" Li Zi also said in a deep voice, it was obvious that Li Zi was able to get to this point not only by brute force.

"Good boy, 5,500 core inscription battle formation masters!" The old man in the hall was also extremely shocked to look at Xiao Yan who was smiling, and at the same time, a more proud smile also appeared in the old man on the body.

"It seems that this kid can be a practitioner of "that plan"." The old man also laughed.

Ask for tickets!