Chapter Vol 2 843: Heart-stealing monsters (Part 7

"People from Heartless Valley?" Following Hong Qian's words, everyone else's eyes were immediately focused on the woman.

"People from the Valley of Heartbreak?"

"It is said that although the people in the Valley of Heartfelt only have as many disciples as one hand, aren't they all indifferent people?"

"How could you intervene in this kind of thing?" Some strong people couldn't help but wonder.

This is no wonder, after all, if people in the Valley of Heartfelt want to enter this valley, they must focus on being heartless, heartless and heartless, and only when they are heartless can they be qualified to practice the supreme cultivation technique in the Valley of Heartlessness, but if they enter this valley, they will undoubtedly be lost. The seven emotions and six desires.

The woman gently folded the oil-paper umbrella, and then walked slightly in front of several mysteriously dead figures.

Then, in front of the crowd, Wei Wei took out a pair of white gloves, put them on gently, and began to examine the cause of death of these people.

"This guy, isn't it a trick?" Meng Fei's face was a little ugly. Obviously, he couldn't check it out. Meng Fei naturally didn't believe that this guy could check it out.

"strangeness……"

"The physical state of these people..." Jieqing Gu Bingshui said to himself.

However, the ice water is indeed as its name suggests, as cold as a stream of water, inhumane.

"Don't struggle, I have already checked. The cause of death of these people is very strange, and you can't check it out."

"Wasting time." Meng Fei naturally had his pride, and immediately spoke.

Hearing this, Bing Shui didn't even look at Meng Fei, obviously he didn't take him seriously.

"Quiet me!" Song Yue shouted loudly when he heard the words.

"Hmph." Meng Fei heard the words, and then became quiet.

As the surroundings quieted down, Bing Shui continued to check the men who died mysteriously, but what surprised Bing Shui was that these people had no visible scars at all.

"Is it an internal injury?" Bing Shui shook his head and then slowly probed the man away. After a while, there was already a result.

"What is this." Bing Shui slightly removed the dead man's chest and opened his mouth slightly, obviously seeing the mysterious scar on the man's heart.

"This..." The next moment, Song Yue and several strong men also found the doubts of Bingshui, and immediately gathered around.

"Such small scars, I'm afraid that if you don't observe carefully, you really can't find them."

"Thanks to Miss Bingshui." Song Yue said, obviously very happy to find the cause of death.

"Don't be too happy, I'm afraid it's not that simple." Bingshui was extremely calm, because with her perception, it seemed that there was something inside through this tiny scar connecting the heart.

"Plop!" Bing Shui didn't care about them directly, a force of life came out slightly from the palm of his hand, and immediately cut the man's chest open!

"People of Heartless Valley, it's too hateful for you to do this!"

"Everyone else is dead. If you destroy other people's bodies like this, others will not let you go even if they are a ghost."

"The people who have heard about the cold-blooded Valley of Love for a long time have never thought that it is true when they see it today..."

"It's really chilling." Some people couldn't help but say.

"Are you finished?" Bing Shui asked directly in the face of these people's doubts.

"You!" The strong men who just spoke were obviously a little angry.

"If I don't cut up this man's body, I'm afraid you will never know the cause of death."

"As for the so-called corpse left to be a saint in your mouth, let's find someone else." After Bing Shui finished speaking, he directly checked the chest of the man exposed to the air.

"This is……"

"How can it be."

"I just checked and didn't find anything..." The next moment, Meng Fei's pupils suddenly became strange, and then he stared at the man's chest in front of him, as if he saw something.

"The perception of soul power is not necessarily prepared." Bing Shui heard the words and said a little.

"What is this?" Song Yue stepped forward, looked at the mysterious black thing flowing in the man's chest, and then asked.

"This man's heart should have been stolen by a mysterious creature in the palace."

"As for this black thing, I'm afraid it's some poison used to cover up the disappearance of the heart, so you didn't find it just now." After Bing Shui finished speaking, he didn't forget to say a few words to Meng Fei.

"Forget it, these people are dead." But the next moment, Bing Shui looked at the strange heart-like thing, but the picture said in his heart.

"Then how did you find out?" Meng Fei asked immediately.

"I have my own way." Bing Shui said, and then stopped talking.

"What's next?" Song Yue asked immediately.

"Come in."

"I can feel that a seven-star Dou Di level powerhouse will not be killed by the thing inside." After Bing Shui finished speaking, he got up slightly and glanced at everyone thoughtfully.

"A powerhouse at the level of the Seven Star Dou Di."

"There aren't many of us here."

"Everything is up to you, I'm not reconciled, I don't believe it!" Among the crowd, some powerful six-star fighting emperors spoke slightly.

Then the next moment, regardless of the mysterious death of several people, he directly entered the gate of the palace.

However, the people waiting for it are exactly the same as the people who died before.

"Do you believe it now?" Bing Shui didn't stop these people. After all, he was not strong enough, so he couldn't blame others.

"Yep."

"Go in and have a look?" Hua Lexin was also afraid of this thing and said immediately.

"Wait a minute, it's better to deal with this black thing first." Just as everyone was preparing to act, a familiar voice spoke slowly.

It was Xiao Yan and his group who came, and there were several others including Gunni Wang Xie Xingtao, but the two Gunnis were quite embarrassed.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Don't make trouble." Seeing this, Meng Fei snorted coldly.

"It's better to solve this black thing as soon as possible." Xiao Yan ignored Meng Fei, walked forward and said to the ice water.

"You want to be a saint?" Bing Shui was slightly surprised by Xiao Yanwei's sudden scene.

"saint?"

"I don't want to."

"I just don't want to face enemies on both sides when we enter the palace, am I right?"

"The Heartless Gu Bingshui?" Xiao Yan said with a slight smile.

"As you like."

"Anyway, the people here, the powerhouses who are not strong enough for the Seven Star Dou Emperor, will all die."

"Of course, including your people." Bing Shui said strangely.

"That's not necessarily true." Xiao Yan smiled when he heard the words, and then a silver light rat flashed on his palm.

The silver light mouse just appeared, and he said something, and then the men who just died were actually coming back to life!

"damn it!"

"How did these guys survive?"

"And strength..."

"Actually, a class has skyrocketed!"

"How is that possible!" The crowd was full of panic!

The strength of the few people who just died was around the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. Now that they are resurrected, their strength has risen by one rank, and I am afraid it is enough to sweep all the powerhouses here.

"Explode!" Xiao Yan said softly, and suddenly black things appeared in the hearts of the men who had just been resurrected, and then Xiao Yan directly used the power of flame to detonate them away.

"Now, you can go in." After doing all this, Xiao Yan said to his army with a smile.

"You're ruthless." Seeing this, Bing Shui shook his head slightly, and said nothing.

However, the people present knew that if there was no Xiao Yan, I am afraid that if these seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouses entered the palace, they would definitely be killed by this corpse whose strength had skyrocketed, and their attitude towards Xiao Yan immediately became friendly.

...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: