Chapter 353: Come and go without indecent!

"Boom boom boom!" The silver dragon's sharp claws also attacked Mu Yingying's delicate body viciously.

The azure flame armor above Mu Yingying's delicate body also exudes extremely hot fluctuations, and then a dazzling azure energy also radiates from her body, blocking the silver dragon and dragon claws abruptly at one meter. outside!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hoohoho!" The battle lasted for a few breaths, and the next moment Yinlong also burst into a monstrous aura, and the voice contained extremely strong anger.

Thinking of its dignified silver dragon, a powerhouse comparable to a human five-star Doudi perfection level, it was easily blocked by this woman, and its arrogance as a dragon also had some anger.

"Humph!" Mu Yingying also snorted coldly, and then moved quickly.

Although the seemingly simple strike of Yinlong just now was blocked by Mu Yingying, Mu Yingying also knew that if it weren't for the particularity of her flame power, she would have been extremely uncomfortable.

However, although it was blocked, the terrifying blow of Yinlong's dragon claws also had a lot of power to bounce back, causing a lot of pressure on Mu Yingying.

Mu Yingying moved quickly, firstly to try to defuse that Hu's impact, and secondly to attack!

After all, active offense is the best defense!

Then it slowly circled towards the silver dragon. The speed was so fast that several vague figures could not help but appear. I am afraid that even the silver dragon could not distinguish it.

"Go!" The next moment, Mu Yingying's lips parted slightly, and then an azure-blue flame spread out from her hand and then bounced straight at the silver dragon!

The moment the azure flame just appeared, a rare trace of exhaustion appeared in Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes!

Yinlong didn't dodge the slightest bit, as if he was extremely arrogant, and he was indifferent even if Mu Yingying's attack hit him.

"Boom boom boom!" Yinlong didn't move, and Mu Yingying's attack was also a vicious attack on Yinlong's abdomen.

As soon as the azure flame touched the silver dragon, it suddenly exploded, and a hot aura like magma permeated the entire space, and the temperature in the entire space could not help but increase a bit.

"嘁偁嘁!" Yinlong's originally arrogant head, the moment Mu Yingying's azure blue flames hit, also exudes a sense of fear in his arrogant pupils!

With a single blow, a conspicuous blood-colored hole appeared in the abdomen of this extremely powerful silver dragon!

"Oh shit!"

"How can Mu Yingying's flames possess such terrifying power..." Xiao Yan, who was standing at the top, also muttered.

Originally, Xiao Yan felt that Mu Yingying was trying to be brave. After all, although this silver dragon only had the power of a goldfish with one stripe and a goldfish with two stripes, it was still comparable to the strength of a human five-star Dou Emperor. The strength of the emperor's perfection level is probably difficult to fight.

Xiao Yan has already made preparations. If this Mu Yingying is in any danger, she will come to the rescue. After all, the three of them are also in the same camp, and they can't just die.

However, the next moment Xiao Yan's thoughts were self-defeating!

Because this Mu Yingying flame is so terrifying!

Not to mention that this Mu Yingying is already able to transform into a flame armor, just because of this, I am afraid that her fire control power is comparable to Xiao Yan!

Flaming armor, this is an extremely clever means of defense.

Just like Xiao Yan, who has cultivated and mastered the power of the soul to a certain extent, it is like using a soul attack!

Immediately afterwards, Xiao Yan also discovered the fear of Mu Yingying's azure blue flame!

He actually burned a conspicuous wound in the abdomen of the silver dragon, which is comparable to the perfection level of the human five-star Dou Di!

With such a terrifying burning power, I am afraid that even the new flames created by the fusion of twenty-three kinds of different fires in Xiao Yan's hands do not have such terrifying power!

"It seems that this Mu Yingying is very difficult..." Xiao Yan also recovered after a short period of surprise, and then began to look at this Mu Yingying carefully!

However, it is normal for Xiao Yan to come here. After all, if it wasn't for the discovery of the twin ghost emperors in the Infernal Corpse Forest, there is no doubt that Mu Yingying would be the first in the points competition.

So now Xiao Yan thinks back carefully and realizes that he seems to have underestimated this Mu Yingying.

"The power of this flame..."

"I'm afraid that Xiao Yan is more reckless than Xiao Yan!" Mu Feng was worried about this Mu Yingying at first, but the next moment, when Mu Yingying injured the silver dragon, she was relieved.

"It seems that Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying have a lot of strength..." Mu Feng also sighed inwardly.

"Damn it!" Xiaoshou also cursed secretly, and then said to the Yinlong: "The car is wasting time, kill her!"

Just as Xiaoshou finished speaking, the silver dragon's red pupils changed drastically, and the next moment, the red pupils disappeared without a trace.

Yes, it's just that disdainful look in Yinlong's pupils!

And the focus of those eyes is exactly where the two Xiaoshou brothers and sisters are!

"Xiao Yan!" Xiao Shou also stared at a man with a heavy ruler in front of him.

"Haha, it's not rude to come and go!"

"A big gift for you!" Xiao Yan also smiled slowly.

After finishing speaking, the goldfish with nine patterns in Xiao Yan's hand also slowly jumped into Yinlong's body.

With the addition of the nine-pattern goldfish, the aura of the silver dragon suddenly soared!

Six Star Dou Di...

Seven Star Dou Di...

The Yinlong's breath continued to soar, and the belly that had been attacked by Mu Yingying with a big hole slowly returned to its original state.

"Run!" Xiaoshou also seemed to have found something, and desperately moved towards the silver dragon tray!

There seems to be a slightly small passage on the tray where the silver dragon was originally entrenched.

In the passage, there is a golden yellow, and the sound of the turbulent river is also slowly emitting.

"Haha, since you can't come, why do you have to leave in such a hurry?" Xiao Yan also laughed, the next moment, a force mixed with extremely terrifying attacked the two fleeing Xiaoshou!

"Huangquan Tianwu!" A voice containing some anger also sounded slowly in the entire space Shabu Shabu! "The terrifying soul attack instantly attacked the two brothers and sisters Xiaoshou, and then the next moment, the two brothers and sisters of Xiaoshou also stagnated for a moment, and Yinlong did not miss this opportunity, opened his **** mouth, and faced the two of them for a while. attack!

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan shouted at Mu Yingying and Mu Feng after finishing all this, and then a suction force also attracted the two of them. Xiao Yan pulled them up and hugged them in the passage. And enter!

However, no one noticed that the mysterious conch in the voice of the sea in front of Xiao Yan's chest was also short-lived, and then disappeared without a trace!

"Cough cough cough..."

"Damn Xiao Yan, you actually did something good to me, I will never forgive you!" Xiao Shou also looked at the three people who were strung into the tray aisle, and roared!

Because Xiaoshou knows, where...

It is the real entrance of the Xuanling Emperor Pond!

"Brother..." Fatty also looked at his brother helplessly.

"Let's deal with the silver dragon first."

"The strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor level, I am afraid that even the two of us can't deal with it..." Xiaoshou also found the silver dragon whistling towards the two of them, and immediately did not hesitate.

Ask for tickets!

Ask for a guaranteed monthly pass at the beginning of the month!

Now it is a double monthly pass, one = two!