Chapter 411: Bamboo Ember's Counterattack!

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan's terrifying soul attack also directly caught the man in black in front of him by surprise.

After a slight pause, Xiao Yan also directly hugged Mu Yingying and moved away.

In an instant, he and the man in black opened a distance of nearly ten meters.

The accessories in the whole room are also very simple, just some simple table and tea sets, and the whole room is only 70 to 80 square meters.

"Hehehe, boy, how did you get in?" The man in black also recovered, and then said angrily.

Thinking that a dignified seven-star Dou-Emperor-level powerhouse was unexpectedly silently entered by a mere four-star Dou-Emperor-level perfect boy, he couldn't help feeling a little unhappy.

"If you want people to be ignorant, don't do it yourself." Xiao Yan also said plainly.

"This is your courting death, no wonder I." After the man in black finished speaking, he suddenly raised his palm and attacked Xiao Yan!

The palm of the man in black was slightly pitch-black. In the dark environment, it seemed that there was some strange aura surrounding the palm.

"Ghost hand!" The man in black snorted coldly, and then the strange black color in his hand increased sharply, roaring towards Xiao Yan.

"What a terrifying power fluctuation... This power should have reached the level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor..."

"However, this person's aura seems to have the same effect as the ghost in the ghost world..." Xiao Yan also thought for a while.

After thinking to no avail, Xiao Yan also let the man in black attack him. Xiao Yan also calmly did not make any move, just opened his mouth and said, "Master, is it enough to watch the fun?"

"Hey, you little fellow's soul perception is not weak. It's no wonder that you are an alchemist who has reached the peak of the first-rank Emperor rank at such an age." A hearty voice also appeared in this room.

"Douxian?" With the appearance of this voice, the offensive in the hands of the menacing man in black just now disappeared instantly, and then exclaimed.

The man in black also found that there was an old man with a lazy face in the room at this time. The old man didn't have any fluctuations in fighting spirit, but a trembling of willingness to the depths of his soul emerged in the heart of the man in black.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Since you're here, let's stay." Elder Zhu also appeared, and with a slight wave of his pale palm, a silver vindictive energy trapped him firmly. Not loose at all.

"Damn it!" The hoarse voice of the man in black also sounded. Obviously, he didn't expect such a terrifying powerhouse to exist beside these people.

"Who sent you here?" Elder Zhu also walked forward slowly, and then said to the man in black who was firmly trapped by the silver grudge.

"If you want to kill, you have to kill Xi Tingzun, so why ask so much?" There was no hint of fear in the hoarse voice of the man in black.

"I know even if you don't tell me."

"Is he a member of the royal family?" The next moment, Zhu Lao's pupils also exuded some extreme power, and then stared at the man in black in front of him.

"What if it is? What if it isn't?" The man in black also said stubbornly.

"Your royal family almost plotted against my disciple, and now they catch you, just to return." Zhu Lao also laughed, but the hidden killing intent in his voice could not be concealed.

After Elder Zhu finished speaking, the silver vindictive aura surrounding the man in black also dimmed slightly.

"Shabu Shabu!" The man in black is also worthy of the level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor. He immediately found that the strength of the fighting qi that trapped him was weakening, and his aura suddenly soared!

The next moment, he also broke through the shackles of Dou Qi, and then the figure jumped and strung out directly from the roof!

With this appearance, it is obvious that he wants to escape!

Because the man in black also knows that he is doing things for the third prince, and the third prince has great ambitions. If he fails to do things, even if others don't kill him, he will definitely not be able to escape death if he goes back.

After all, these three princes do not recognize the six relatives, and only recognize their interests.

"Teacher, did he just run away..." Xiao Yan was also a little surprised. Obviously, the man in black from the Seven-Star Dou Emperor just now would definitely not have a low status in this Xuanling royal family. If he escaped like this, there is no doubt that Yu let the tiger return to the mountain.

"run?"

"How is that possible... it's just a long line to catch a big fish." Zhu Lao laughed.

As soon as Zhu Lao's voice fell, it was a strange moment, and he appeared on the roof of the room in an instant!

Standing on the roof of the room, I also vaguely found a figure not far away that perfectly blended the fast and the dark.

"Where are you running?" Elder Zhu also snorted coldly, and then a grudge came out of his hand.

It's just a little strange that the Dou Qi in Old Zhu's hands is no longer silver, but instead is a black and white substantive Dou Qi!

"This fluctuation..." Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying were also in the room, and then Long Yi's pupils on Xiao Yan also shrank tightly.

"It actually reached the half-immortal level!" Long Yi was also surprised.

"Half immortal?" Xiao Yan heard the words and said directly, and then his huge perception was also directed towards Zhu Lao.

Just when this soul force detected the black and white fighting spirit in Old Zhu's hands, a tremor from the depths of the soul also emerged, and then Xiao Yan sat directly on the ground.

"Life and death are compatible... Fighting immortals!" Xiao Yan also muttered in his mouth.

"Fighting Immortals..." Mu Yingying felt nervous when she heard the words, and she couldn't help thinking of what her brother said to herself: "Yingying, remember, human beings are not good things, you must not trust them. , you have to stay away from them... and you remember that the strong human beings will discover your identity Do not come into close contact with the strong immortals!"

In the sky at night, the terrifying fighting spirit in Old Zhu's hands was also instantly moving towards the place where the man in black escaped!

"Shabu!" The fighting qi that is compatible with life and death contains extremely terrifying fluctuations. As soon as he came to the man in black, it suddenly exploded, and then a terrifying force mixed with the power of life and death also exploded instantly.

"Boom boom boom!" A huge pit also appeared, and then, where are there people in black...

Some are just a vague and embarrassed figure... There is no vitality at all!

The power of life and death is so terrifying!

It's no wonder that fighting immortals are so rare. It turns out that fighting immortals are so terrifying!

"It seems to be a little heavier..." Elder Zhu also shook his head and said.

After all, Elder Zhu also knows that this man in black is a lurker, and even if he is caught, he will not reveal any news, so it is better to give this mysterious royal family a show of power!

His disciple of Burning Incense Pavilion Zhujin is not so easy to bully!

Inside a quiet wooden house, the third prince, Xuanmu, was sitting in a dignified manner, holding a scroll of ancient books in his hand and reading with great interest.

"Bang bang bang!" In the study, a wooden sign on the top of the bookshelf also exploded instantly, and the sound of explosion also emerged.

"He actually died..." Xuanmu also said softly, obviously with an unbelievable look!

Ask for tickets!