Chapter Vol 4 1329: The seed of attributes, the seed of heaven!

"Squeak, squeak." The sound of loose bones slowly resounded from the bed.

In the finals, Xiao Yan had been in a coma for five days before he regained consciousness. Xiao Yan had been in a coma for the past few days, but Yu Ran Ran and Liu Qing had been busy. Going away, for fear of not taking good care of Xiao Yan, this kind of action is enough to cause the jealousy of many strong people, but they can only stare blankly, after all, Xiao Yan is not something they can provoke.

As for the pastoral song, she was in a coma for ten days!

Although he won the championship, Xiao Yan still had some pressure on the strength of the pastoral song. After all, this guy is a half-step three-star Dou Xian, and his fighting skills and ice attribute fighting spirit are also quite good. The third finger out of the sky, I am afraid that this champion is really handed over.

However, the four fingers of the sky can be used to the extreme. After all, it is an existence that can be compared with god-level fighting skills. The mere holy-level fighting skills are naturally not worth mentioning.

"The ice attribute in this pastoral body seems to be different from that of a normal practitioner." Xiao Yan sat on the bed and opened his mouth slightly, constantly recalling the battle between the two in his mind.

When the two were fighting in the competitive mountain range, Xiao Yan discovered that the ice attribute on Mu Ge was vaguely suppressing him.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"That's natural."

"In the pastoral body, there should be ice seeds." The Lord of Soul Eater also spoke slowly.

"Ice Seed?" Xiao Yan suddenly asked in confusion when he heard the words, but out of intuition, this Ice Seed is definitely not simple.

"The so-called ice seed is a wonder of heaven and earth that enhances one's own attributes and fighting spirit in disguise."

"Everything in the world has its own attributes, and in each attribute, there are some corresponding heavenly species."

"Ice Seed, Thunder Seed, etc..."

"The heavenly species are classified according to their attributes, but they are basically divided into two categories: large and small heavenly species."

"A normal person's ice attribute fighting qi energy is equal to one. Those with a small heavenly seed are twice their basic strength, and those with a large heavenly seed are three times that." The Soul Eater explained.

"It turned out to be this kind of thing, no wonder the ice-type grudge on this pastoral body can make me feel a lot of tyrannical pressure when I don't use the holy flame, and it can even catalyze my flame..." Xiao Yan was relieved Dao, I think Mu Ge should have an ice-attribute Heavenly Seed. With this thing, Mu Ge's ice-attribute Dou Qi appeared so tyrannical.

"If there is no accident, Mu Ge should have a small heavenly seed on his body, so it can be like this..." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"Master... Can my holy flame be considered a great seed?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Cut, Holy Flame is much more tyrannical than the Great Heavenly Seed."

"Ordinary Great Celestial Seeds can enhance the power of their attributes three times, but Holy Flame is enough to enhance more than five times."

"And don't forget, there is no celestial seed that can be compared with the holy flame. After all, the holy flame is the nemesis of the foreign evil race, and it is also well-known in the whole world. The power of the little heavenly seed is far less than that of the holy flame."

"But whether it's a big or small heavenly seed or a holy flame, they are extremely precious and hard to find." The Soul Eater said disdainfully.

"..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and his head was immediately covered with black lines.

"By the way, master...I have holy flames on me. I don't know if I can get the blessing of the fire element heavenly seed...In that case, my fire element will become even more terrifying." Xiao Yan also asked fiery.

"This...the blessing of the Heavenly Seed and the Holy Flame, I have never heard of this, but if you have a chance, you can try it." The Soul Eater said.

"You have to be careful about the evil power in the forged sword Thunder Valley Master."

"After all, this guy should have the existence of the Heavenly Seed. Having the Heavenly Seed can also be eroded by the alien evil race, which is enough to show the tyranny of the alien evil race." At the end of the sentence, the Lord of Soul Eater did not forget to exhort him.

"Yep."

"Let's go to the auction house to prepare something... After all, according to his intention, it seems that when he awards me, he will exorcise the power of evil for him in the Treasure Pavilion in Thunder Valley of Forging Swords, that level of extraterritorial evil. The power of the clan, but it is not sloppy." Xiao Yan nodded slowly, then directly pushed the door and walked in, facing the auction house, preparing some medicinal materials needed to exorcise the power of evil.

"Hey, I didn't expect that Xiao Yan to win the first stage championship. This is really beyond everyone's expectations..." In the inner courtyard of the Alchemist Association, the two figures slowly chatted.

"This guy is really perverted. He can actually beat the half-step three-star Dou Xian's pastoral with his strength in the middle stage of the two-star Dou Xian..." Hua Fei also said helplessly. Obviously, Xiao Yan's strength and talent surpass everyone else's. Unexpectedly, this guy can be regarded as the biggest dark horse that emerged from the East Continent Ratio this time.

"Hua Fei, can you be sure about this second stage?" The next moment, Tan Chen spoke slowly, his voice full of seriousness.

"Master, although the second stage is a soul test, Xiao Yan's soul power is too strong, and the first stage test is enough to prove that this Xiao Yan is not a fuel-efficient lamp, so the disciple can only guarantee the top three, as for the first Words..." Hua Fei bit his lips lightly and said weakly, even if he was as proud as him, in front of this guy Xiao Yan, he would be ashamed of himself.

"The top three are the top three."

"This time, compared to Dongzhou, it can also rub the pride of you, the proud sons of the world. It is also a kind of training."

"When the ratio of Dongzhou is over, the ratio of four continents will be a better stage for you." Tan Chen also laughed.

Inside the Thunder Valley of Forged Knives.

"Gu Master, the first championship, as you said, was won by Xiao Yan." In the secret room, Duan Tianfeng whispered next to Duan Tianhong and said.

"This guy seems to have some terrifying things yet to be displayed."

"And to be able to defeat the half-step three-star Dou Xian's pastoral without using the holy flame, this guy's fire attribute fighting spirit may have been tempered by the holy flame. The strong..."

"If holy flames are used, even a great heaven like me would be difficult to deal with." Duan Tianhong said with a smile.

"Forget it, let him rest for a few days, distribute the rewards of the first stage, and start the second stage of the competition." Duan Tianhong also disappeared here after he finished speaking.

He knows that the next thing is to contact the evil tribe for himself, so he must do everything possible to seal the power of this guy. The power of the king of the alien tribe is too tyrannical and can easily cause some indelible damage to Xiao Yan. of scars.

At this time, Xiao Yan's illustrious name was spread in the entire thunder world, and Xiao Yan also became a man of influence for a while.

"Ah, this time it was really a misstep."

"Forcibly advancing to the half-step 3-star Fighting Immortal, the foundation of my body was shaken, and even the little Heavenly Seed could not be used in the competition. The only way to stabilize the source... This is why I lost to Xiao Yan!"

"If I come here again, with the blessing of Xiaotian Seed's power, I will definitely not lose to him again." Mu Ge woke up from a coma for ten days, and he was deeply regretful, but no matter how much he regretted it, it would not change the established facts.

As Xiao Yan's reputation spread in the thunder world, it also proved that this first stage of the competition finally ended.

. Mobile version update fastest URL