Chapter Vol 4 1576: Acacia tree, come!

"Hahaha!"

"Acacia tree can only be mine!"

"This trip to the acacia tree is over!" After a while, Qi Ziwen took the lead to come within a few meters of the pink light group, staring at the pink light group close at hand, and couldn't help laughing.

"This light group doesn't seem to be right...and why is that guy Xiao Yan?" Seeing Qi Ziwen being so reckless, the other three suddenly stopped moving, tried their best to maintain a distance of 100 meters from him, and thought with vigilant eyes, although they rely on The tyranny of the forces behind him entered here, but because of the strange itch of the power of lovesickness, his strength was limited a lot. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Hey, the itch on these guys limits their power, so... this Acacia tree is not so easy to get."

"Acacia tree...Come on!" Xiao Yan, who was outside the river in the distance, gave a strange smile. The tyrannical soul force instantly discovered some subtle fluctuations in the other four people, and immediately formed a crystal-devouring beast on the palm of his hand. The prismatic wafer was crushed on the palm of his hand.

"etc……"

"No, this wave is... rewind!" After a while, as Xiao Yan crushed the chip, the space suddenly became restless, and a trace of extremely dangerous aura suddenly emerged.

"what happened?"

"Quiet me!" Looking at the pink light group close at hand, it was extremely quiet at first, but as Xiao Yan acted like this, it became trembling, and an uneasy thought suddenly appeared in Qi Ziwen's mind.

"Boom!" After a few breaths, the pink light group seemed to be injected with some kind of mysterious power, and a circle of invisible energy ripples suddenly emanated from its interior, and then a circle of pink halos appeared in the pink light group. Slowly disperse from the air, so that the entire island below is completely covered with ease.

"Weng buzzing!" In an instant, the itch caused by the power of lovesickness in the four made them unbearable pain.

"Little bastard, what did you do?" Seeing the sudden change, the four of them had no choice but to give up, and immediately retreated to Xiao's side, the itch was relieved, but Qi Ziwen's expression was rather solemn.

"Boom!" At the moment when several people spoke, a pink glow suddenly appeared in the small island surrounded by the river, and it didn't take long to completely fill the entire island.

"Is that... the power of love?"

"Could this be a precursor to the arrival of the Acacia tree?" After taking a breath, Song Lanfeng forcibly held onto his chest, enduring the slightest bit of severe pain, and immediately lost his voice.

"Crash!" With a sound, above the land of the island, the land suddenly bulged, and all of a sudden, the pink roots slowly fell off from the pink light group, fixed under the land, and even more The power of strong pink lovesickness emerged uncontrollably.

"This is... the arrival of the Acacia tree!"

"Rewind!" After a while, Kong An also knew something, and his body quickly retreated towards him.

The acacia tree perched in the pink light group is impressive, and only when the acacia tree is completely descended can one hope to enter the inner space of the acacia tree, otherwise everything is just nonsense.

When the Acacia tree came, it was said to be guarded by extremely terrifying power, so even they did not dare to resist for a while.

"Boom!" With a sound, the small island surrounded by the river was instantly completely shrouded by a behemoth, and the pink light group was finally integrated into the island.

"This...this is..."

"Acacia?" In an instant, the five of them couldn't help but lose their voices when they looked at the huge tree in front of them that was nearly a hundred feet in size.

What came into view, on the small island in the river, and on the ground were all pink roots, and there was an extremely surging power in the roots, which made the four people stay away, and even the roots directly Digging into the soil, it was obviously hundreds of meters deep underground, but the stalk was so huge that ten people might not be able to hug it.

At the bottom of the acacia tree, there are roots, but looking up along the thick and crazy roots, there are branches extending in all directions, and the branches are covered with a kind of pink liquid. Flowing slowly, as if it were constantly sending energy to the acacia tree, on the edge of the branches, pieces of pink leaves emerged quietly. These pink leaves seem to be weak, but each piece contains extremely terrifying energy, even if It is a four-star fighting immortal powerhouse, and they are extremely afraid. In addition to the huge shade of the pink acacia tree, it seems that some creature is looming, and a crisis fills everyone's heart. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

So that on the pink tree, pink leaves fluttered in the wind, but at the same time, the pink leaves were surging, and bursts of pink energy halo with a rather tyrannical power of acacia, turned For a ripple of energy, it blasted away at the five people present.

"Xuuuu!" In the five people, except for Xiao Yan who temporarily overcome the itch of the power of lovesickness with the help of the holy flame heart, the other four were temporarily suppressed by their strength, but at such a close distance, that kind of itch and the power of lovesickness and lovesickness were temporarily suppressed. When the acacia tree echoed , their hearts were shocked. Until now, that kind of acacia power can no longer be suppressed by strength, but this power is deep in the bone marrow, causing unbearable pain.

"Acacia tree, acacia tree, what's the mystery?" Seeing the four people around him retreating rapidly, Xiao Yan stood there in disapproval, stared solemnly at the pink ancient tree in front of him, and muttered.

With Xiao Yan's perception, he suddenly found out that this was the real acacia tree, but this acacia tree was extremely strong, and it seemed that there was no passage to the interior, which made Xiao Yan in a dilemma for a while.

"Weng buzzing!" After a few breaths, Xiao Yan's whole body was completely enveloped by a strange and unusual pink halo, but these halos just wanted to go into Xiao Yan's body, but were caught by Xiao Yan's chest. The Sacred Flame Heart slowly absorbs, and even constantly repairs the source of the Sacred Flame that nourishes the depths of its heart.

"This guy has a treasure that can isolate the power of lovesickness. Catch him!" The four people next to him were in great pain because of the power of lovesickness. Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, Qi Ziwen was the first to speak. With the erosion of the power of lovesickness, he attacked Xiao Yan.

"Wait... The pink leaves of this acacia tree seem to be similar to what I bought?" The other three suddenly moved and launched a terrifying offensive against Xiao Yan, but Song Lanfeng shook his head slowly. Immediately, gently take out the bizarre leaf that you purchased.

"Crash!" As soon as it was taken out, a pleasant sound came from the leaves. After a while, it was unexpectedly uncontrollable by Song Lanfeng and shot at the huge acacia tree on the island.

And following Song Lanfeng's actions, the acacia tree actually sent out a terrifying wave, like the wrath of an earthquake!