Chapter 229: Town ghost well!

The three walked slowly.

Xiao Yan also directed the huge soul power in his body towards the abnormal place that had just appeared, trying to find out the reason.

Soon, a rough pattern appeared clearly in Xiao Yan's mind as his soul power was withdrawn.

The information probed from the soul force, that is in the center of a dense forest not far away, through the forest, a bare piece of land, and an abrupt thing is also standing here, it seems that there is a dry well.

At this time, Xiao Yan was overjoyed. This dry well was the place Xiaoyue said before, and it was also the place where Long Yi said that the greatest treasure in the corpse forest existed.

After discovering the location of the dry well, Xiao Yan also sped up his steps and walked straight into the woods, heading towards the land where the dry well was located.

Yueru and Mu Feng also followed closely.

After a while, the three walked through the woods and came to the bare land, and the dry well also appeared in front of the three of them.

"This well is the destination of our trip." Xiao Yan also saw the dry well in front of him.

"Be careful." Just as Mu Feng was about to go out, Xiao Yan grabbed him.

"Yeah." Mu Feng also moved forward slowly, obviously rather cautious.

"It's here!" There was also an extremely excited aura above the ancient ruler of Yihuo Eternal!

"This dry well..." The three slowly came to the dry well and found that there was no problem, and immediately looked up and down the dry well.

There are dozens of feet of flat lying next to the dry well. Only the dry well stands out a little bit, which is quite strange.

The wellhead of the dry well is slightly round, and the size should be large enough to accommodate a person, but the surrounding of the dry well has been damaged a lot, obviously it has gone through a lot of years.

Looking down from the wellhead, you can't see the bottom of the well, but what you can see is that there is no well water in this dry well, just like a dry well that has been abandoned.

The well is very deep, although it is impossible to see to the end, but with Xiao Yan's huge soul perception, he can clearly feel some extremely obscure auras in this well. It seems that there are some powerful creatures hidden in the well, which is a little bit in Xiao Yan's mind. unclear.

Xiao Yan stopped suddenly and said to the two companions, "You guys carefully investigate this well, do you feel that there is anything strange here."

Mu Feng frowned slightly and said, "Xiao Yan, you are right, but I am the most sensitive to ghosts. It seems that there are some secrets in this well."

"However, the only difference I feel is that there is a huge ghost in this dry well. Such a huge ghost seems to indicate that there is a very terrifying existence in this well. As for the deeper part of the well, it seems to be isolated by some mysterious power. Well, I didn't detect it either."

Yueru heard the words, did not speak, just squatted down slightly and looked at somewhere at the mouth of the well.

"What do you think this is?" At the next moment, Yueru also discovered a new continent, and her jade hand gently pointed to the small words at the mouth of the dry well.

"Suppressing Ghost Well?" Xiao Yan and Mu Feng also turned their heads, looked at the small characters Yueru was referring to, found these three words, and called out.

"Could this well be the ghost town well?" Mu Feng was also slightly surprised.

"Oh?"

"What is Ghost Town Well?" Xiao Yan heard Mu Feng's words and heard some clues from it. It seemed that Mu Feng knew a lot...

"You don't know about this. The so-called ghost town is a superb method of sealing ghosts, but the ghosts sealed in every ghost town are extremely vicious ghosts."

"Ghost creatures in the ghost world are cunning by nature, and their aura is quite yin, strange and cold, and although I don't know what the flame on your body is, Xiao Yan, it is very powerful, so it is the nemesis of such ghosts."

"As for the ghost well, I heard my master say that the ghost well is used to seal ghosts."

"The ghosts in the ghost world are divided into three major ghosts from the strongest to the weakest, the four major ghosts, and the nine ghost emperors. As for the ghosts below, they are the subordinates of the ghost emperors, and the number of ghosts is also Hundreds of them."

"Every ghost town is sealed with ghosts at least at the level of ghost emperors. Ghosts at the level of ghost emperors are far more powerful than us humans, and after all, this place is still in the corpse forest, and the boosting power of ghosts is not small. , so we have to be extra careful..." Mu Feng also said.

"The three great ghosts, the four great ghosts, the nine great ghosts..." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

"This kid is right, the powerhouses in the ghost world are divided into three major ghost gods, four ghost gods, and nine ghost emperors, but the three ghost gods are the most powerful people in the ghost world, and so are the ghost gods. A powerhouse that is comparable to the level of human fighting immortals, as for the ghost emperor, the strongest person has the strength comparable to the peak of your human fighting emperor, and the weakest..."

"Anyway, the weakest one is stronger than you..." Long Yi also thought about it.

"..." Xiao Yan was also full of black lines at this time.

"When I was sealed in the secret realm a thousand years ago, this ghost town has not yet appeared. After I was sealed, this town ghost well was displayed by a certain power within Xuan Santian, but according to the situation of the seal at that time. Look, although the ghost emperor sealed here is also a ghost emperor, but at the time of the seal, I clearly felt that the ghost emperor was incomplete and seemed to be missing half of it..." Long Yi also recalled hard.

"Oh?" Xiao Yan was also curious at this time.

Xiao Yan could feel that there was an extremely terrifying existence in the cold pool when he participated in the test in Hongshan at that time, but compared to the ghost qi in the ghost town in front of him, it was undoubtedly insignificant.

"The ghost in Hanchi at that time seemed to be called the Twin Ghost Emperor..." Xiao Yan also frowned.

"Twin Ghost Emperor!!!"

"Yeah, why didn't I remember that when I was sealed, my strength was reduced to only half Then it could only be a twin ghost emperor!" Long Yi also exclaimed.

"Could it be that the seals in this ghost town are really twin ghost emperors..." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself, then looked at the well.

If it is said that the twin ghost emperors are really twins, then it is very likely that they were sealed separately, part of which was sealed in the cold pool of Hongshan, and part of it was sealed in the dry well on the third floor of the corpse forest. !

It's just that half of the twin ghost emperors in the Red Mountain Cold Pond are obviously the weaker half. As for the third layer of the Yin Corpse Forest, the seal should be the most tyrannical half!

"It should be, but I have been sealed for too long, and I don't know much about the outside world. The information about the twin ghost emperors is also..." Long Yi also shook his head, obviously unable to help Xiao Yan.

"Twin ghost emperors..."

"I really miss it..." A familiar aura suddenly came from Xiao Yan's ring.

"Master, are you awake?" Xiao Yan felt this breath and was quite excited, because the source of this breath was the Emperor Yan Ring in his hand!

"Um."

"Master, are you feeling better?"

"Hehe, Xiao Yanzi, you are really clever, but guess what you entrusted to enter that secret realm, and what dragon energy you absorbed also made me recover a lot of strength."

"Can you reach that level?" Xiao Yan asked curiously.

"Under the Battle of Immortals, it's not a problem." An unruly aura also emanated from the ring.

At this time, Long Yi in the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng also felt the momentum of the king of the dragon family, but it just disappeared in a flash.

.. New revision, update 2 update 2 faster and more stable 3

,Wonderful!...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: