Chapter Vol 4 1275: medicinal herbs

"Why is it so slow?" Xiao Yan sat quietly in the house, even drinking three cups of tea. It's been over an hour, and there is still no movement at all. Could it be that Director Luo deceived him?

But it shouldn't be. No matter what, this manager Luo is also a prominent figure in the auction house. If he deceives himself, he will undoubtedly be ridiculed by many strong people in Leicheng.

"Sir, don't be impatient." At this time, Xiao Yan sat quietly on the wooden table, the teacup in his hand couldn't help but exert a little force, and was noticed by the maid, and then the exquisite and beautiful maid slowly slowly laughed.

"You, the No. 1 auction house in Leicheng, are really disappointing." Xiao Yan snorted coldly. Obviously, it was impossible to waste so much time just by going to the warehouse to get the medicinal materials. Now that so much time is wasted, Xiao Yan also became impatient.

"A distinguished guest like your lord will definitely take more time. After all, lord, the things you need are too precious. In order to keep the medicinal materials intact, you need to take them out carefully..." The maid and Xiao Yan also chatted slowly. , trying to defuse Xiao Yan's impatience, even when he was talking constantly, his delicate body was slightly close to Xiao Yan, I don't know if it was intentional or not.

"Cough cough." Seeing this, Xiao Yan released his soul power slightly, and pushed the maid's figure a little distance away.

When the maid saw this, she shook her head with a pity. After all, their fighting spirit is too weak. If they can follow a strong man, even if they are cattle and horses, it is better than being a maid who receives guests in an auction house. Tian Bukai's innocence was ruined by some playful children, even the auction house would not offend some tyrannical forces for their sake.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hey, I've kept you waiting for a long time." After a while, Director Luo hurriedly returned to the wooden house.

"Haha, Director Luo really made me wait." Xiao Yan got up straight away, and with the help of the black robe's cover, he said slightly dissatisfied.

"Okay, you can go down." Manager Luo glanced at the maid, and then said, the maid quietly retreated after hearing the words.

"Hey, my lord, it was our auction house's mistake this time, and it wasted such precious time as your lord, so these two medicinal materials are not bartered, they can be offset directly with 100 million gold coins, and they are also counted as us. A little apology from the auction house to the adults." Manager Luo smiled.

"Not barter? With gold coins?"

"Tsk tsk, this guy is really willing." Xiao Yan heard the words, his face hidden under the black robe couldn't help but twitch.

100 million gold coins, this is naturally not difficult for Xiao Yan, but according to Xiao Yan's guess, if I want to buy these two kinds of medicinal materials directly, I am afraid it will cost me a lot of treasure. After all, these two kinds of medicinal materials are too precious. Relying on gold coins is no longer enough to measure its value, it can only be bartered, and now this guy actually said that it can be offset with gold coins.

Even in terms of gold coins, the value of the two medicinal materials is not intended to exceed 200 million or even more. This manager Luo only charged Xiao Yan 100 million gold coins, obviously he wanted to befriend Xiao Yan!

"Yes." Xiao Yan didn't have too many emotional fluctuations. After all, Manager Luo's little abacus was clearly noticed by Xiao Yan, and he directly and slowly agreed.

"Sir, these are the two medicinal materials you need."

"Heart-suppressing grass and deep-sea reef mud." The next moment, Director Luo turned the ring gently in his hand, and suddenly a beautiful porcelain tray appeared in the wooden house.

"This is..." With the appearance of this thing, the temperature in the entire wooden house slowly dropped a lot, and Xiao Yan couldn't help being shocked!

Heart suppression grass and deep sea reef mud, these two kinds of medicinal materials can be said to be extremely rare existences. Heart suppression grass is necessary for refining and swallowing the immortal fire elixir. It is about the size of the palm of your hand. It was a lively plant, but even with the isolation and protection of the tray, Xiao Yan could vaguely feel that this medicinal herb had an extremely tyrannical restraint on the power of flame.

As for the deep-sea reef mud, it is a pool of cyan liquid, and Xiao Yan is not very clear about its specific use, but in order to prevent others from discovering the purpose of buying the medicinal materials, he can only buy it together. After all, this is Leicheng, see you There are too many well-informed and hungry guys.

"Sir, are the medicinal materials right?" Seeing Xiao Yan using his soul power to check, Director Luo didn't stop him. After all, this is an auction house. Even if Xiao Yan is an immortal pharmacist, if he wants to be tough, he is probably the same. It will be impossible to escape, and it will be said after a while.

"Well, really." Xiao Yan nodded lightly.

"These medicinal materials are quite precious, and in order to preserve their medicinal power, an extremely cold environment is required." After speaking, Director Luo directly handed the tray in his hand to Xiao Yan.

"Sisi." As soon as the tray was started, a bone-piercing cold suddenly spread out.

Xiao Yan knew that this tray was definitely not a simple thing, but looking at the lineup, Manager Luo was obviously going to give it to him to enhance the relationship, Xiao Yan also smiled slowly.

"Well, the things are already in hand, let's go and find out about other things first, I have other things to do." Xiao Yan gently put the two medicinal materials into the collection ring, and suddenly said.

"Sir, please come with me." The next moment Director Luo led the way and took Xiao Yan to go through the capital procedures.

However, I have to say that the position of Director Luo in the auction house is far beyond Xiao Yan's imagination. Even if there are many people at the front desk of the auction house, Director Luo has just brought Xiao Yan, and the others have retreated one after another. a green channel.

100 million gold coins is not an astronomical number for Xiao Yan, but the gold coins on Xiao Yan's body are really poor, so he had to take out some medicinal pills as collateral, and then offset the 100 million gold coins, but right In addition, the medicinal pills on Xiao Yan's body are also pitiful.

"This auction house is really a place of huge profits..." After just stepping out of the auction house, Xiao Yan couldn't help but turn his head and said.

Just going to the front desk, the traffic is huge and scary.

"Hey, although the auction house makes huge profits, how can you make huge profits from your alchemists?" The Lord of Soul Eater also laughed.

"Let's go. Next, go to the Alchemist Association to confirm your refining skills. With the Medal of Alchemist of the Immortal Rank, you will be able to get a lot of help no matter where you go in the future."

"However, if you can reach the level of Immortal Pharmacist, this will undoubtedly become the target of everyone's looting... And you don't seem to have disclosed or used your identity as an alchemist before. This time, the ratio of Dongzhou must be used well." The Lord of Souls laughed.

"Yeah." After speaking, Xiao Yan nodded lightly and walked towards the Alchemist Association.

Since breaking through the soul of the immortal rank, Xiao Yan vaguely felt that his alchemist skills had barely reached the level of the fourth rank of immortal rank, but he did not know the truth.