Chapter Vol 4 1123: grand dan hall

With the departure of the black evil dragon and wolf from the demon world, Xiao Yan and his party in the ghost world also had their adventures.

"Boom boom boom." Since they didn't see the mystery of the Ghost Moon Well, Xiao Yan and his party jumped into the Ghost Moon Well. Obviously, there are more important treasures below.

What Xiao Yan didn't know was that this Ghost Moon Well was more or less related to the Xuantian realm of the demon world, and he was already being watched by the demon world.

"Are you alright?" Qinger couldn't help asking when she seemed to notice Xiao Yan's brief absence when she fell.

"It's okay, it's almost the bottom of the well." Xiao Yan shook his head and said.

I didn't know what was wrong just now, but my soul power actually felt a faint green aura, and that green aura was extremely domineering, making Xiao Yan quite uncomfortable.

Moreover, the depth of this Ghost Moon Well was far beyond Xiao Yan's imagination, although there was no danger along the way.

"What Xiao Yan felt just now was the demon spirit of the demon world..."

"Strange, the ghost world is so far away from the demon world, how could it be... I hope it's an illusion." And even the Lord of Soul Eater doesn't know the secret, so he can only do it.

"Be careful, the bottom of this well is quite mysterious, I don't know what guardian it has." In the next moment, a light of dawn slowly appeared hundreds of meters below everyone's feet, and then Qingwen said solemnly.

"There is another mystery in this ghost moon well..."

"Looking at the length just now, I'm afraid this well is several thousand meters deep." Xiao Yan couldn't help but say.

"It's here." Qing'er let out a coquettish cry, and then the three figures fell directly to the ground.

"This is... so it is." As soon as he landed, Qing Wen couldn't help laughing.

"Brother, what's wrong?" And Qing'er asked suspiciously.

"Where are you looking?" Xiao Yan just glanced at him, and he knew why Qing Wen smiled.

Because the three of them are at the bottom of the well, and there are only two roads in the bottom of the well.

The back road was completely blocked by a pool of extremely cold well water, but it seemed that the spring was located. At this time, all the spring water poured back to the spring, and the front and rear roads were revealed, and the front was a dark road. Mysterious passage, I don't know where it leads.

"There is a reason why we must take advantage of the full moon night." Now, Qing'er also understands that on the full moon night, the well water of this ghost moon well will fill up to the mouth of the well, and the mysterious legend of the sunny day and the full moon will appear. But after a stick of incense, the well water will pour into the ground and return to the spring like an ebb tide, thus revealing this unknown passage.

"It's exactly as my father said." Qing Wen said with a smile.

"Let's go, the real treasure should be here." Xiao Yan was also a bold and careful person. Seeing that there was only one road blocked, he started walking slowly.

"go."

"Be careful, there may be some mechanism. After all, even the people in the ghost city don't know about it. Only my father was lucky enough to come in once when he was young." Qing Wen said with a smile.

"Yes." Xiao Yan and Qing'er both agreed.

"Susu." The three people's voices just moved, and suddenly this extremely dark place exudes a spooky and eerie atmosphere.

"The fire is coming." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but call out softly, and suddenly a bluish-yellow flame slowly beat on the palm of his hand, but with Xiao Yan's suppression, the aura of the holy flame obviously did not permeate.

"Crash." With the appearance of Xiao Yan's flame, the dark passage suddenly became brighter, and a trace of black gas seemed to be frightened, and he quickly fled.

"It seems that this kid has a lot of secrets..."

"I still have to get into the relationship." Qing Wen's eyes slowly turned, obviously not as mercenary as ordinary people. He knew that Xiao Yan was fine as a friend, but if he was an enemy, it would be quite difficult.

And with the appearance of Xiao Yan's flames, the whole picture of this dark passage was immediately seen by the three of them.

This passage is not straight as usual, but has a curved shape, twists and turns, and I don't know where it leads.

On the walls around the passage, there are some quite exquisite carvings, which are obviously from the hands of the master, and so many exquisite carvings symbolize the extraordinary treasures here.

"Here, it's a bit strange." After a few minutes, Qingwen took the lead in breaking the calm, and there was a hint of worry in his eyes.

"Brother, what's the matter?" Qing'er had been protected between Xiao Yan and Qing Wen, so she didn't feel anything unusual.

"The terrain here is curved, it's not straight, it's a bit like a coiled dragon formation." Xiao Yan said with bright eyes.

"Coiling Dragon Formation?" When Qing'er heard this, Liu brows wrinkled, obviously not understanding what this is.

"The so-called Coiling Dragon Formation is some formation used to protect treasures. If it can't be cracked, I am afraid that it will always fall into an endless cycle." Qingwen said.

"Don't worry, I have a solution." Xiao Yan also laughed.

As soon as the voice fell, he closed his eyes and listened, and an inscription of the core life of the stock directly surged out, frantically and frantically facing the passage in all directions. And after a few breaths, Xiao Yan opened his eyes.

"Come here." Xiao Yan said, looking at the wall in front of him.

"This..." Seeing this, Qinger and Qingwen said Xiao Yan so firmly, they couldn't help looking at each other. Obviously, the place this guy was talking about was a huge wall, and this wall was a real existence. You can't go straight through here.

"This is just some tricks of the Panlong Formation."

"Follow me." When Xiao Yan saw this, he also smiled slightly, then in order to dispel their concerns, he said.

"Okay." Qinger and Qingwen heard the words, looked at each other slowly, and then the figures followed directly.

"Bang bang bang!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan nodded slowly, and then did nothing, just moved and hit the wall in front of him.

"Pfft." With a sound, there was no embarrassing situation in his imagination, but he easily broke through the shackles of the wall, and immediately came to an unfamiliar place.

"Brother Xiao Yan is really amazing." After seeing that he left the Panlong Formation, Qing Wen smiled slowly.

"Here, it should be the main entrance." Xiao Yan watched the two figures slowly come to a huge copper door dozens of meters in front of the three.

Standing in front of the three of them, was a huge bronze gate that was dozens of meters in size. Above the bronze gate, a barren aura slowly permeated.

"Let's be a little more cautious." Qing Wen couldn't help saying as he watched Xiao Yan go towards the giant bronze gate.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's alright, trust me." Xiao Yan said confidently, because Xiao Yan had already probed it just now, and the soul force actually passed through the giant bronze gate to capture the scene that followed.

Because inside, there is a magnificent Pill Hall!

"Brother, I believe him." When Qingwen was also afraid, Qingeryu gently pulled the corner of his clothes and said.

"Then let's go." Seeing this, the three of them headed towards the front in unison.

"Boom boom boom!" As Qing Wen and the two men cleared their concerns, Xiao Yan pushed his hand towards the giant bronze gate effortlessly. If you want to chat with more like-minded people, please follow "Hot Net Wen or rdww444" on WeChat to chat with more book friends about your favorite books