Chapter 408: Crack the scroll!

"You're back?" The three of Xiao Yan didn't encounter any changes along the way, and then came to the inn. Just as they were about to return to their respective residences, Elder Zhu appeared in front of everyone.

"Old Bamboo." Seeing this, the three of them also respectfully said slowly.

"Did you encounter any strange things in the medicine market?" Zhu Lao also asked.

"Reporting to Elder Zhu, the kid has reached an agreement with a stall owner in the medicine market. Maybe after this auction ends, they will go with them to the desert in the desert of death." Xiao Yan also The dark brown pupils turned tightly, staring at Zhu Lao, not knowing that Zhu Lao would let him go.

"Haha, that's fine. It just so happens that those boys are coming too. Let's go together when the time comes." Elder Zhu also said with a smile.

"Thank you, Elder Zhu." Xiao Yan also breathed a sigh of relief.

Because what Xiao Yan is most afraid of is that this old Zhu will not let him go!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The medicinal pills needed to conquer Sheng Yan are still short of two medicinal materials. I am afraid it will be difficult to find them in the auction of Xuan Santian, so Xiao Yan can only go out and try his luck.

"Don't be suspicious. Although our Fenxiang Pavilion is a sect, we are not so strict with the disciples within the sect."

"Good jade still needs to be carefully polished. The sect is a sect after all. It is also a very good thing for you to go out to experience." Elder Zhu also saw Mu Feng's doubts and said.

"Yes." Several people responded softly.

"By the way, who are you collaborating with this time?" Zhu Lao also asked after breaking through.

"It seems to be called the Blood Blade Mercenary Corps..." Xiao Yan also remembered that the stall owner mentioned it a little, but he didn't pay too much attention at that time.

"Blood Blade Mercenary Corps..."

"That's right, that's right, I can do my thing if you think about it this way." Elder Zhu also laughed.

"It's not too early, you rest early."

"Tomorrow... I'll show you the auction of this three days of Zhenxuan!" After Zhu Lao finished speaking, he disappeared from the sight of the three people.

The three of them also laughed bitterly when they heard the words, and then went back to their own rooms.

"Mu Yingying..." After Mu Feng returned, Xiao Yan also stopped Mu Yingying who was about to go back to her room.

"What's wrong?" Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes moved, and then a hand was placed on the door of the room, she turned her head slightly tired and said to Xiao Yan.

"Be careful." Although he didn't know why, but with his intuition that he had been fighting outside for many years, Xiao Yan always felt that the Xuanmu who competed with Mu Feng for the ghost exorcism spirit seemed to be a little different, and he immediately instructed.

"Yes." Mu Yingying responded softly, then left the aisle and returned to her room.

"Oh, I hope I think too much." Xiao Yan also smiled helplessly, and then slowly walked towards his room.

"Squeak." He gently pushed open the door of his room and then locked it. After confirming that no one was there, Xiao Yan also walked to the table in the middle of the room and sat down.

He gently lifted the tea with his left hand, poured out a cup of tea, took a sip, and then put down the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire Eternal Fire behind him.

"Xiao Yan, there are quite a few very obscure auras here, even I can't do what I want." The ancient ruler of Yi Huo Heng had just fallen off, and Long Yi also appeared out of thin air, and then slowly and solemnly said to Xiao Yan.

If the Golden Dragon King retreats, the life and death of Xiao Yan is also handed over to Long Yi, so during the period when the Golden Dragon King is out of the customs, Long Yi will not let Xiao Yan have an accident. After all, he and the Golden Dragon King are also in Xiao Yan. On Yan, once Xiao Yan had an accident, their consequences would be unimaginable.

Xiao Yan had already set up a soul barrier around his room. The huge soul power filled the entire room, and most people could not find it, so Xiao Yan was not worried at all.

"Oh, Long Yi, do you even feel the vague aura of fear..." Xiao Yan was also surprised.

He vaguely knew that this Long Yi was a genuine Fighting Immortal powerhouse during his lifetime, and he was also of the dragon race. Although the blood of the dragon race in his body was extremely thin, he was indeed of the dragon race.

The creatures in the dragon family are born as representatives of strength, so few people with the same level of power can match.

"I can't say the same. After all, I was deprived of my body by those three **** humans, and I was imprisoned for thousands of years. My current strength is probably only the strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor." Long Yi saw Xiao Yan's bad behavior. Laughing, and immediately defended.

"It can make you feel a very obscure aura, so its strength is at least the powerhouse of the eight-star Dou Emperor level..."

"Tsk tsk, an eight-star Dou Di-level powerhouse..."

"This character who used to see the dragon but not the end has come here one after another..."

"Tomorrow's auction should be very exciting." Xiao Yan finished speaking, without hesitation, he quietly took out the yellowed tattered scroll from Taobao today.

"What is this?" Long Yi also slowly echoed the past, turning into a one-foot miniature dragon and standing on Xiao Yan's shoulder.

The pale yellow tattered scroll was just taken out, and the whole room was filled with an inexplicable force.

"Cough cough cough..."

"What a strong mental pressure..." The next moment, Xiao Yan took out the pale yellow tattered scroll and slowly laid it flat on the table!

An extremely huge mental pressure also erupted suddenly.

An invisible mental wave also emerged from the pale yellow scroll on the table.

"Humph!" Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, and then the core inscription of divine movement in his body also appeared instantly, and then slowly stood in the room directly.

With the appearance of the core inscription of the divine movement, Xiao Yan also felt that the pale yellow scroll in front of him became quiet, just like a child who was playing and saw his parents.

"What exactly is in this scroll..."

"It can actually make the core inscriptions of the divine movement in the Ni Gong Wan in my body emit such a hot breath Xiao Yan also said slowly, and then stimulated the mental power in the body, slowing down. Slowly controlled the core inscription of the divine movement life and suspended it in front of him.

After doing all this, the pale yellow tattered scroll also became quiet, and Xiao Yan was relieved, and then a sudden burst of soul power emerged, attacking the tattered scroll!

"Shabu Shabu!" The soul force just touched the tattered scroll, and Xiao Yan felt as if he had touched an indestructible rock!

Even if Xiao Yan was allowed to increase his soul power, this tattered scroll would remain motionless!

Seeing this, Xiao Yan also withdrew his soul power, and immediately frowned, a milky white flame of Dou Qi spread out instantly!

Then go to the pale yellow tattered scroll!

"Boom boom boom!" Combining Xiao Yan's 23 kinds of different fire powers, he violently surrounded the tattered scroll, and the raging fire also burned suddenly.

Time passed by, and the burning continued for about ten minutes, and the tattered scroll remained motionless.

"His grandma's...what the **** is this..." Xiao Yan also withdrew his grudge and then thought.

Following Xiao Yan's withdrawal, the core inscription of the divine movement in the mid-air in the room also emitted a very faint light.

Ask for tickets!