Chapter Vol 4 896: 4th grade blood curse!

"Qing'er, is it really you..."

"This is not an illusion..."

"I didn't expect to see you in my lifetime, it's really nice..." Ling Mengsheng had completely forgotten that he was still in the battle. In an instant, it was gone!

A wry smile appeared on the corner of his mouth, and the figure standing in the waterfall in front of him was the person he was thinking about!

"do not want!"

Xuan Muqing was extremely shocked at this time. Although he didn't know why Lingmengsheng appeared in his heart, the next moment he saw a ghostly figure swept away at Lingmengsheng, and the terrifying fluctuations appeared on it, even if it was a ghostly figure. I couldn't handle it, I immediately suppressed the longing in my body, the speed skyrocketed, and I wanted to do something.

"It's too late to stop!" At this time, Xuanyin heard the princess's words and wanted to stop, but he couldn't do it, and then the terrifying attack directly hit Lingmengsheng!

Moreover, he was still stuck in a sluggish Reimu body without any defenses!

"Puff puff!" A mouthful of blood spewed out directly from Reimu Sheng's mouth, and after being hit by this attack, Reimu Sheng's breath also weakened a bit.

"Why are you so stupid!" The next moment, a beautiful figure came directly to Ling Mengsheng's side, and then his jade hand slowly hugged Ling Mengsheng.

"I...isn't dreaming?" Lingmengsheng said in disbelief when he heard the familiar voice, but the pain in his body and the warmth from the figure in front of him made Lingmengsheng feel unbelievable. Can not help but surprised.

"these years……"

"Thanks a lot."

"Dream." On Xuan Muqing's pale face, bursts of ecstasy emerged, but after a while, it turned into guilt.

"Qing'er..."

"Where have you been all these years!"

"I found it very hard." Ling Mengsheng's majestic body couldn't help shaking, to prove that it was real and not illusory.

"I..." At this time, Xuan Mu looked like he was hesitant to say anything.

"Sure enough..." Not long after, Fen Tian and his party also came here, and immediately saw Xuan Muqing hug Lingmengsheng, and immediately let out a gratified smile.

"But why does Xuan Muqing have a very strange aura..." Fen Tianren, who is he, naturally knew the difference in Xuan Muqing's body at first glance, and immediately opened his mouth.

"Well, it seems to have the smell of an alien race..." At this time, Zhu Jin couldn't help but say.

"Zhu Jin, you fart!"

"You can eat rice indiscriminately, but you can't talk nonsense!" When Ling Mengsheng heard this, he immediately scolded.

I managed to find my wife with great difficulty, why is this bamboo ember...

But the next moment, Zhu Jin's words also reached Xuan Muqing's ears slightly.

"Dream, what Master Zhu Jin said is right, I do..." Xuan Muqing pretended to be calm and then stared at Lingmengsheng stubbornly.

She knew that this matter could not be concealed, and sooner or later Reimu Sheng would know about it.

"How could it be possible..." At this time, Ling Mengsheng's body shook for a while, and then he looked at Xuan Muqing in disbelief.

"Ling Mengsheng, this damned guy, his strength has soared to the peak of Dou Di. It seems that our mission is going to fail this time..." Xuan Yin said to his younger brother Xuan Yang.

"Big brother, no matter what, Princess Xuan cannot let Lingmengsheng take her away."

"And with Lingmengsheng's character, if he really knows what's in the princess' body, I'm afraid there will be consequences..." Xuanyang said with a very gloomy expression.

"That thing wasn't what the princess wanted. It can only be said that the evil race from outside the territory invaded, and the princess was unfortunate..." Xuanyin said something, and then the two of them stared at Xuanmuqing and Lingmengsheng.

Moreover, Xuanyin found that not far from the two of them, the team of up to five people seemed to be extremely powerful!

"Mengsheng." At this time, Fen Tian flashed a figure, and then came to Ling Mengsheng's side. Fen Tian knew very well about Ling Mengsheng.

Lingmengsheng's biological parents died at the hands of the foreign evil clan, so Lingmengsheng's hatred for the foreign evil clan is extremely deep.

"Pavilion Master, I..." Ling Mengsheng had a hint of pain in his mind, then he closed his eyes and whispered softly to Fen Tian.

"Muching, in fact, Mengsheng has been in all these years..." For this kind of thing, Fen Tian was naturally a must for Lingmengsheng to come out on his own, so he couldn't help speaking immediately.

"Senior, I know, I just want to know if my two daughters are okay."

"I won't force him." When Xuan Muqing said these words, the pain was like a knife twisting, but he couldn't show it. I'm afraid no one can understand that grief.

"Is Reimu Sheng that kind of person?"

"Qing'er, welcome home." After a while, Ling Mengsheng's pupils flashed a hint of determination, and then the hesitant expression disappeared, replaced by a touch of ecstasy, directly hugging Xuanmu Qing!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"You..." At this moment, even Xuan Muqing, who had always been stubborn, couldn't help the corners of his eyes sour.

When he was together with Lingmengsheng, Xuan Muqing knew how powerful his hostility towards the aliens was, even to the point of deep in his bones, so he was eroded into the body by the aliens when he gave birth, so he didn't dare to tell Reimu. I only faked the appearance of death when I was born, otherwise once I let Lingmengsheng know, I'm afraid my end will be...

But fortunately, Xuan Muqing did not see the wrong person.

"Uuuuu." Xuan Muqing heard the words, only the last trace of pride left indifferent, turned into a tearful man, and poured directly into Lingmengsheng's chest.

"Scared me……"

"I thought, you..."

"You..." Xuan Muqing said intermittently while crying.

"Extraterritorial evil races are hateful, but now I have two daughters and their mothers, other things are not important." Ling Mengsheng smiled slowly, his voice full of satisfaction.

"This kid." Zhu Jin and his party immediately smiled with relief when they heard the words.

The news of Xuan Muqing's death back then brought a nightmare to Lingmengsheng. If it wasn't for the fact that he still had two daughters to raise, he would have died of love in the first place.

"What's the matter with the alien aura in your body?" After Xuan Muqing's mood stabilized, Ling Mengsheng slowly stood up and said while supporting the pale Xuan Muqing.

When Xuan Muqing heard the words, he smiled lightly, and then gently moved the bangs that covered his parents, and immediately a bloodstain appeared in front of everyone.

"Fourth-level blood curse?" Fen Tian saw the evil bloodstain for the first time, and suddenly said, and his expression was also alert.

"Fighting Immortal Powerhouse?" Feeling the strength of Fentian's sudden explosion, Xuanyin and the two flickered away. They knew that the matter here was beyond the scope of their happiness, so they could only report to Xuanling King!