Chapter 483: Medusa strong gather!

"Little Zi!" The deafening voice slowly echoed in the sky.

The sky filled with purple attacked on the six-color light shield, and then the six-color light shield, the original strong fighting spirit defense was shattered a little bit!

With the last sound, the six-color fighting qi suddenly shattered, and then the purple energy attacked the six people abruptly!

"Humph!" Just when the chills appeared in the hearts of the five people, the medicine core tried his best, and a soul force emerged, directly hitting the purple energy!

With the emergence of this soul power, the purple energy of the destructive power has been weakened a lot, otherwise, their end will be extremely tragic!

"Cough, cough..." Fan Yu and his group were all spitting out a mouthful of blood, and then their breath wilted a little, but the medicine core went into a coma after the purple energy disappeared!

It looks like this is obviously too much consumption!

"Damn it!" Fan Yu broke out in a cold sweat. Just at the end, if it wasn't for Yaoxin's soul power, I'm afraid this group of people would not end up like this.

"Xuan Wanxin, protect her!" Fan Yu directly picked up the medicine core, and then gently handed it to Xuan Wanxin.

"Blue and white snake, it's time for us to end the grievances between our Xuanling royal family and you for so many years." Fan Yu took heavy steps, and then walked away to the grief-stricken blue and white snake!

"Xiao Zi...Xiao Zi!" The blue-and-white snake roared up to the sky, and a deep pain emerged in its eyes!

"Bang bang bang!" A series of three mouthfuls of blood spurted out, and then the blue-and-white snake's strength, which was as powerful as a five-turn nine-star Dou Di, suddenly diminished!

In a short period of time, it was weakened to the strength of a nine-star Dou Emperor!

"It seems that your companion spirit snake has truly fallen, and your origin has also been shaken."

"I'm afraid you won't be able to advance even in your entire life." The eyes on the side opened their mouths slightly, obviously sympathizing with the blue-and-white snake. After all, this companion snake is like a heart to the snake people!

"That's how the battle is." Xuan Wanxin held the medicine core in his hand, and then spoke slowly.

"Let's do it, solve the problem that the blue-and-white snake is going to stop the colorful swallowing python and let King Xuanling enter the temple, otherwise there will be no time." Qingmubei's lips moved slightly.

"It's over, blue-and-white snake!" Fanyu raised his palm, a silver-white dazzling fighting spirit emerged, and the complete strength of the Eight-star Dou Emperor emerged, and then attacked the blue-and-white snake lying on the ground with no masters!

"Blue and white snake, why are you bothering?" A light hum emerged from the desert. With the appearance of this voice, Fanyu's terrifying attack instantly turned into dust, but at this time, beside the blue and white snake, there was a stalwart figure. Appear slowly!

It was a man who appeared impressively. The man's appearance was extremely delicate, and his extremely sturdy figure indicated extraordinary strength, but for some reason, although he was a man, his pupils were as bewitching as a woman's!

"Eight-star Dou Di is complete..." Fan Yu murmured, obviously feeling a chill from the man in front of him.

"Mei Lan, Xiao Zi has fallen..." When the blue-and-white snake saw the visitor, there was no fluctuation in the snake's pupils, and she spoke softly.

"I have already said that, although there is such a slight chance to break through to the Immortal Fighting by choosing the cultivation of the companion spirit snake, the price is too huge." Mei Lan said slightly.

"It seems that your strength will never improve." Mei Lan carefully sensed the body of the blue-and-white snake, and found that there was nothing serious, except that the fall of the companion spirit snake shook the origin and caused the strength to decline!

"Xiao Zi won't come back. What's the use of strength? After this battle is over, I will resign." Blue and White Snake said, obviously already decided.

"Let's talk about it when it's over."

"Next, just watch from the side." Mei Lan finished speaking, and then changed her gentle appearance, opened her eyes, exuding a strange power, and stared at Fan Yu's group in front of her!

"It was you who injured my wife and daughter?" Mei Lan snorted coldly, and then a monstrous aura emerged!

"Such aura... Could it be Mei Lan from the Charming Snake Tribe?" Mu Chenfeng, who was beside him, heard the words and said in a deep voice.

"Good boy, it turns out to be you!" Meilan's eyesight, he noticed Mu Chenfeng's small movements at a glance, and immediately locked his eyes tightly!

I can't wait to eat Mu Chenfeng!

"It's too arrogant for an eight-star Dou Emperor to be a complete powerhouse!"

"Kill him!" Fan Yu finished speaking, and then the same complete strength of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor suddenly emerged!

"I'll hold him back, look down, and do it!"

"Target blue-and-white snake!" Fan Yu snorted coldly, burst into flames, and walked away at Meilan!

"Little bastard, I'm going to kill you today!" Meilan said fiercely to Mu Chenfeng, and then turned her head to look solemn at the oncoming Fanyu!

In any case, this Fanyu is a genuine eight-star Dou Di, and the two of them are evenly matched. If there is any relaxation, I am afraid that the victory or defeat will happen in an instant, so Mei Lanye can only focus on Fanyu. As for Mu Chen That boy Feng, I can only deal with him later!

Among their Charming Snake tribe, Meilan and Meiye are extremely affectionate, and the daughter born by the two is naturally very dear, but it is unexpected that they will be held hostage by this Mu Chenfeng!

Although it's not a big problem, for the Medusa clan who have always protected their shortcoming, this is nothing short of a great shame, so Meilan definitely wants to get the scene back!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hey." Seeing this, the blue-and-white snake also recovered from the state of sadness, because she knew that if she collapsed, then this battle might cause their Medusa family to suffer heavy losses, even directly Fall in the desert!

"Take your life!" Although Qingmu was a woman, she was also a powerhouse with the perfection level of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor. He immediately activated a huge battle qi, the dou qi gathered in the palm of his hand, and suddenly walked towards the blue-and-white snake, facing the blue-and-white snake. The deadly place to go!

"Just because you want to kill me?" Blue and White Snake snorted coldly, and then the figure suddenly moved!

But the next moment, the blue-and-white snake realized that something was wrong!

When the blue-and-white snake was running its fighting qi, the speed of the fighting qi in the body clearly slowed down, causing the blue-and-white snake's speed to be extremely slow, and it was instantly attacked by the eyes.

"Cough, cough, cough!" A mouthful of blood spurted out, and a trace of fear finally appeared in the pretty face of the blue-and-white snake!

The blue-and-white snake felt dead at this time, and it was the first time that it was so close to him!

"The fall of the accompanying spiritual snake, caused the blood in my body to shake, and the strength to shake..."

"Although the current strength has dropped to the strength of a first-turn Nine-Star Dou Emperor, in fact, I am afraid that even the powerhouses in the early stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor can't be defeated..." Blue and White Snake carefully analyzed the injury in his body, and then said slowly.

"This blow will end you!" After he finished speaking, his whole body became extremely bright, a dazzling light emerged, and then turned into a huge energy around him.

"Blue-and-white snake!" The green snake on the side shouted loudly, obviously wanting to save the blue-and-white snake.

"You'd better take care of yourself first!" Xuan Mo said abruptly, and then began to deal with him!

Although Xuan Mo can't take this turn to become a Nine-Star Dou Emperor, it's still okay to delay!

"Die!" He raised his jade hand, and the dazzling energy turned into raindrops all over the sky, and then floated away towards the blue-and-white snake!

In a short moment, those crystal raindrops suddenly gathered around the blue-and-white snake, and then a rare smile emerged from the corner of his mouth, and the jade hand suddenly held it!

With the sudden grasp of the jade hand, the crystal raindrops surrounding the blue-and-white snake in the sky instantly attached to the blue-and-white snake!

"Susu, I am the captain of the Medusa Snake Guard, aren't you, the younger generation who can kill at will!" At the moment when the crystal raindrops appeared, a black and white color appeared.

When I opened my eyes, I saw an old man. He looked very plain and simple, but the power of life and death around him was particularly striking!

Ask for tickets!