Chapter Vol 4 1126: depressed

"not good!"

"Quickly withdraw!" And Xiao Yan just smelled the awakening smell of these puppet guards, his scalp was numb, his figure exploded, and without looking back, he pulled Qing'er and the two towards the bronze giant gate.

With that moment's perception, Xiao Yan knew that these guys were extremely powerful, but they were not something he could handle, so he had to go for the best.

"Crash!" When the medicinal pill on Xiao Yan's palm turned into white smoke and poured into the body of the puppet guard, the giant bronze gate also slammed shut, blocking all of Xiao Yan's escape routes.

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan couldn't help cursing when he just arrived in front of the giant bronze gate and saw that his retreat was blocked, and there was no way to retreat.

"Brother Xiao Yan..." Qing Wenwen also realized that something was wrong, and frowned, it was obvious that an incomparably tyrannical aura in the Pill Hall was slowly waking up.

"The weakest guards of these puppets also have the peak of Dou Di, and there are even real Dou Xian strong..."

"And they are puppets, they don't know pain at all, they only know killing."

"It's really careless." Xiao Yan stared at the puppet guards who slowly opened their pupils, full of killing intent, and said word by word.

"Boom boom boom!" Before Xiao Yan finished speaking, those puppet guards suddenly opened their pupils, their bodies regained their vitality, their figures moved suddenly, and in a short moment they came to Xiao Yan and them.

The ten puppet guards, all ten with bright eyes, showed a chilling meaning to Xiao Yan and the others. The whole body exuded the radiance of Baizhi, but they did not have any blood, but their strength was the real peak of Dou Di!

"The ten puppets at the peak of the Dou Emperor..." And Qing'er looked at the ten puppets, her eyebrows stood upright. Obviously, even if they gathered the strength of the three of them, if they wanted to deal with the ten puppet guards at the peak of the Dou Emperor, I was afraid that it would be more difficult to deal with. Getting to the sky is hard.

"It's not over yet." At this time, Xiao Yan stared at a figure not far away, and said vigilantly.

The two of Qinger followed Xiao Yan's gaze and saw a cloud of colored smoke slowly surrounding a puppet, and the puppet was covered with colored smoke. As for the strength, compared to the ten The puppet of the peak of the emperor is even stronger.

"Douxian... puppet?" At this moment, Qing Wen's face became extremely ugly, and he swallowed a sip of saliva with difficulty, and the corners of his mouth became dry.

Relying on the strength of Qing'er and Xiao Yan at the peak of the Dou Emperor, and the addition of Qing'er's eighth-turn nine-star Dou Emperor, if you want to deal with the puppets of the ten Dou Emperor's peak, I am afraid you have to pay a considerable price. On this basis Together with a fighting immortal puppet, the chances of winning the three of them are probably infinitely close to zero.

"Brother Xiao Yan..." At this time, Qing Wen couldn't help but say, his voice was full of decisiveness.

"The current strength of this fighting immortal puppet is not very stable. It should be above the half-immortal, but it has not recovered its real fighting immortal strength."

"Can the two of you stop the time for the Dou Xian puppet to take a stick of incense?" Xiao Yan obviously sensed Qing Wen's decisive intention and asked with a frown.

Now, only if you quickly solve the ten puppets of the peak of Dou Di, can you solve the predicament.

"What?" When Qing'er heard this, it was like a bolt from the blue.

Qinger and Qingwen were both smart people. They naturally knew that Xiao Yan would choose the ten Dou Emperor peak puppets, not because they were greedy for life and fear of death, and from a certain point of view, the ten Dou Emperor peak powerhouses were even It is more dangerous than the fighting fairy puppet.

Moreover, Qing Wen already had a desperate plan, but when Xiao Yan said this, he immediately calmed down.

"Trust me."

"If the two of you can stop the Dou Xian puppet for a stick of incense, I have a way to deal with these ten Dou Emperor peak puppets."

"But if you can't, then you can only wait to die..." Xiao Yan said with heavy eyes.

"Yes." When Qing Wen heard this, he looked at Xiao Yan with admiration.

Because the ten Dou Emperor puppets are more terrifying than Dou Xian puppets, and Xiao Yan is not in charge of stopping them. Judging from his tone, it seems that he has the confidence to solve the ten Dou Emperor puppets.

"The medicinal pills in the medicine refining cauldron have a boosting effect on them. Remember not to let them destroy the medicine refining cauldron."

"Do it!" In the next moment, just as the words fell, Xiao Yan let out a loud shout.

"Okay." Qing'er and Qing Wen looked at each other, and their eyes became heavy. They knew that these puppets should be the guards used by the master of refining medicine to suppress this place.

If these guys are dealt with, all the treasures here will belong to them, but if they fail, I'm afraid the end will be extremely bleak.

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as they started, Qing'er and Qing Wen, the dazzling black and white life and death directly emerged, and then the figures jumped and gathered towards the Dou Xian puppet.

"Crash!" The head of the Douxian puppet was covered in colored smoke, revealing a solid forehead protected by a helmet.

"Pfft!" Slightly glanced at Qing'er and Qing Wen, and knew the strength of the two, and then the Dou Xian puppet shouted, and the colored smoke was slowly swallowed away, and then the whole face was revealed. .

"What a tyrannical power." Qing'er couldn't help but said, looking at the looming thick muscles under the silver armor of the fighting fairy puppet in front of her.

"Sunny hand!"

"Big Sun Tear the Wind Hand!" At the next moment, Qing'er and Qing Wen looked at each other, the dazzling black and **** of life and death was directly in front of the two of them, surging frantically, and in a short while they converged into two paths with a rushing wind breaking sound. The energy palm attacked the Douxian puppet.

"Go!" Two huge energy palms just emerged, and the two of them shouted loudly, projecting them directly at the Dou Xian puppet.

"Susu." Seeing this, the Douxian puppet exuded a burst of colorful energy from its silver armor, and then did not dodge or evade, as if planning to take the blow.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This guy, is he crazy?" And Qing'er looked at this scene, and a strangeness appeared in her beautiful eyes.

Qing'er knows that although her Qingtian hand is not very powerful, it is also a genuine immortal rank peak fighting skill, and her brother's big sun tearing wind hand is a holy rank fighting skill. Half-immortal powerhouses can be instantly obliterated.

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, the doubts lingering in Qing'er's heart slowly disappeared.

Because Qing'er was shocked to see that when the two palms of huge energy came into contact with the silver armor of the Dou Xian puppet, the energy suddenly weakened, and then a small amount of energy was slowly injected into the body of the Dou Xian puppet through the silver armor. !

With such a move, the originally extremely unstable strength of the Douxian puppet was actually stabilized at the level of the initial stage of the one-star Douxian!

"Oops, the silver armor of this immortal fighting puppet can absorb the power of others..." But Qinger and Qingwen understood at this moment, and couldn't help but feel a trace of fear in their hearts. If you want to chat with more like-minded people, please follow "Hot Net Wen or rdww444" on WeChat to chat with more book friends about your favorite books