Chapter Vol 4 972: rule

The next day, when the sun shone on the soil of Xuantian San, there would be cheers and cheers on the land.

Because today is the time when the sect competition begins!

Incense House.

Today's Burning Incense Pavilion is very different from the past. In the past, the Burning Incense Pavilion was relatively quiet most of the time, because before the official competition of the sects, many disciples devoted themselves to cultivation, in order to make great achievements in the competitions of the sects. , but today is extremely lively, for nothing else, because today is the day when the sect competition begins!

"Is it finally time to start..." Wuzhu stayed inside, Xiao Yan and Yi Mufeng stood side by side, slowly looking at the restless figures in the pavilion, couldn't help saying.

Seeing such a lively Burning Incense Pavilion, the three of them were also full of grains.

"There should be some time before the start, let's go to the main hall to meet first." Mu Feng is indeed clever, he has already inquired about these things, and then said.

"Confluence?" Xiao Yi wondered.

"Zongmen competition, this is not a single fight."

"The location of the sect competition is extremely strange, so this sect competition is a confrontation between the new forces in the entire sect." Mu Feng explained.

"So it is." Xiao Yi said.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi looked at each other, then followed.

"Huhuhu!" At this time, below the Burning Incense Pavilion's Burning Heaven Territory, thousands of disciples were already solemnly waiting here.

Among the thousands of disciples, there is only a half chance of being selected to participate in the sect competition.

Today is the day when the sect competition begins. After the pavilion master announces the rules, many of them will go to the place where the sect competition will take place.

"Haha, it's really lively." Fen Tian and Yan Chi slowly set foot on the Burning Heaven Territory, looking at the huge disciples in the main hall below the Burning Heaven Territory, they couldn't help laughing.

"What a tyrannical lineup, it is indeed a super sect." Xiao Yan and his party slowly appeared, and then looked at the thousands of disciples, and couldn't help but be surprised.

These disciples are neatly arranged, and the aura on each of them is extremely huge. The weakest one has the strength of a five-star Dou Emperor, and even many disciples have reached the strength of a six-star Dou Emperor. This is the true backbone of a sect. .

Xiao Yan looked up and found some familiar figures. Among them, the little witch in the ground hall and some senior brothers in the ground hall were also at the forefront of the team. On the other hand, Mu Yingying and Qinxin were relatively independent. Each stood on one side.

"Ha ha."

"Little guys, this time the sect competition has started again." Fen Tian looked at the tyrannical disciples under the sky and said with a smile.

"Strengthen my sect!"

"Strengthen my sect!"

"Strengthen my sect!" A mighty voice sounded from the disciples in the main hall.

"Pavilion Master, I don't know what the rules of this sect competition are?" After a while, the figure of Qing Lao, the deputy head of the Tiandian Temple, slowly appeared, and then asked respectfully.

The rules of the sect competition are quite conservative. In order to prevent leaks, the location and rules of each sect will be changed, but it will not be too big.

"do not know."

"The rules of the sect competition this time seem to be re-determined by the people of the Xuanmeng, which is different from the previous one." Fen Tian shook his head and said.

"Xuanmeng?" When Yan Chi heard the words, he also became thoughtful.

This so-called Xuanmeng is naturally a force united by the super sects of Xuantiantian, and it is specially used to formulate rules and supervise, but the Burning Incense Pavilion is not listed because of the Medusa family.

"Uuuuu!" Just as the top executives of Fenxiang Pavilion were talking in Fentian Domain, a golden sparrow flew slowly.

The golden sparrow was covered with golden light, and there was a volume of letters in the corner of his mouth.

"Isn't this coming?" Mu Xuzi laughed when he saw this, this golden bird is a technique that Xuanmeng has always used.

"Strange, the rules of the sect competition this time seem to be different from before." Fen Tian slowly removed the letter from the corner of Jinque's mouth, slowly spread it out, and read it carefully.

"Pavilion Master, what do you say?" Qing Lao, Xiong Yuan and Mu Xuzi didn't understand and became puzzled.

"See for yourself." After speaking, Fen Tian threw the thing to the three of them by himself.

"Son of a bitch!"

"This is definitely the Xuanling royal family deliberately plotting against us." The old man scolded just after reading it.

Above this letter, it clearly means to change the rules!

In the past, the rules of the sect competition were only for the new generation of powerhouses to compete, but this time, even the previous powerhouse can join in!

The seven people in the Heavenly Palace have undoubtedly participated in the last sect competition, so according to the previous rules, this time, it is naturally impossible to participate.

You must know that at this time, the weakest of the seven people in the Heavenly Palace have reached the middle stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor, while in the new generation of Fenxiang Pavilion, the strongest people have only reached the early stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor. Have you participated in the sect competition? the difference.

According to the rules, each disciple of the sect competition can only participate once in his life, but the current rule is that those who participated in the last time can also participate!

This made the young and old extremely angry. You must know that the injuries on the seven people in the Heavenly Palace at this time have not yet fully recovered. Letting them participate in the sect competition is tantamount to sending them to death.

"This..." Xiong Yuan and Mu Xuzi didn't understand why Qing Lao was so angry at first, but after reading the letter, they were relieved.

"This time, the test will take place in the blood river." Fen Tian glanced at the crowd, and then his loud voice slowly passed on.

"Blood River?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard the words. He couldn't think of where the sect competition would be held this time.

In the blood river, Xiao Yan has naturally heard of it here.

The Mysterious Spirit Continent in the Human World and the Blood River Continent in the Ghost World are linked to each other, and the accumulation of grievances for countless years has naturally created the mortal enemy of Xuan Tiantian and the Blood River Continent, and this Blood River is exactly Xuan Tiantian and the blood river continent. Blood River Continent is the strongest area where ghosts and monsters fight.

After countless years of fighting, there are already corpse marks all over the place, and even because of ghosts, it has become extremely blurred, but there are many strong people who have fallen into it in Xuan Santian. If you enter it, if you are lucky, Obtain the inheritance or relics of a strong person, and transform into a real Xeon!

"Because the blood river is close to the blood river continent of the ghost world, and it is contaminated by ghosts, it is now very similar to the ghost world, so everyone be careful."

"and."

"Blood River is now divided into two layers. The first layer has a relatively low risk factor, but the second layer is full of dangers and cannot enter without the strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor."

"In addition, the outstanding disciples who participated in the previous competition will also participate in this sect competition. Their strength, the weakest, are stronger than you." Fen Tian said meaningfully, and his voice was full of vigilance.

"what……"

"Those who participated last time will also participate..." After Fen Tian finished speaking, the world suddenly became silent.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Mobile version reading website: