Chapter Vol 4 1254: Great melee!

"Hahaha!"

"When will it be our Kuyezhai people's turn to be chosen by others?" The fifth elder of Kuyezhai looked at Xiao Yan, this hairy boy, vowed to deal with him, and couldn't help laughing.

Although there was a battle in Broken Soul Cave before, at that time, the fifth elder did not use too much power in order to protect Ye Sheng. If he encounters Xiao Yan at this time, I am afraid that Xiao Yan will just die!

After all, the difference between the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian and the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian is not even a little bit!

"Yu Tianyue, I'm afraid you will fall here today."

"The two 3-star Fighting Immortals, I'm afraid they will lose to the three of me." Ye Ku took the lead in coming to Yu Tianyue, and the power of the tyrannical 3-star Fighting Immortal in the late stage spread instantly.

Both Kuyezhai and Yuzong were strong men with three three-star fighting immortals, so they were able to maintain a stalemate for many years.

"Without further ado!"

"Let's fight!" Yu Tianyue also knew in his heart that they were undoubtedly at a disadvantage at this time, and Ye Ku was so mad, and dispatched all the top power of the family to ambush them, it was really insidious enough, enough to be willing.

"Crash!" The aura generated by the battle of the powerhouses in the late stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals is indeed not comparable to that of the One Star Two Star Fighting Immortals. The two turned into a streamer and moved rapidly. Even the space of this formation has produced a slight vibration, and looking at the appearance, it is impossible to tell the winner in a short time.

"Ye Shuang, I haven't seen you for a long time. I wonder if your strength can be improved." The first elder Yumu opened his mouth slightly, and his voice was filled with a dangerous smell. How weak is Yue Yue in rainy days.

Yumu and Ye Shuang are both great elders of their respective forces, both in terms of strength and temperament, they are all excellent.

"Whether it's strong or not, you won't know if you try it?" Ye Shuang didn't talk nonsense with Yumu, because she knew that at their level, it would be extremely difficult to decide the winner in a short time, and the outcome of this battle is related, It is to see the fifth and third elders.

"Boom boom boom!" Yu Mu and Ye Shuang suddenly attacked together, and they were indistinguishable in a short time.

"Brothers, come on!"

"We have to stop this guy, otherwise once it is freed up, I'm afraid the situation will be extremely unfavorable for us!" The remaining two-star fighting immortals couldn't help but said to Ye Yunqing, the third elder in the early three-star fighting immortal stage.

"come together."

"Anyway, today, you are bound to fall." Ye Yunqing said lightly, the grudge in his body slowly revolved!

"Go!" Several other two-star fighting immortals directly launched powerful attacks and attacked Ye Yunqing.

"Ugh……"

"Three three-star fighting immortals against two, this situation is undoubtedly overwhelming..."

"I hope you can stop Ye Yunqing for a while, or at least let me obliterate the fifth elder of Kuyezhai, otherwise there is no suspense about the outcome of this battle." Xiao Yan shook his head and said.

"Boy, do you still have time to care about others when you die?" Seeing this, the fifth elder of Kuyezhai couldn't help but slap Xiao Yan with a slap.

"Boom boom boom!" A light slap slapped Xiao Yan, and a dazzling fighting qi immediately emerged, and then formed an incomparably dazzling energy beam of hundreds of meters, whistling away towards Xiao Yan.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan didn't have too much defense, and a splendid flame from the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler in his hand directly resisted the attack.

"Show your real skills, otherwise you won't be able to survive the three moves." Xiao Yan immediately said with a smile after defusing the fifth elder's attack with ease.

"you you you!"

"It's too much to deceive people!" Although the fifth elder knew that Xiao Yan's soul power was tyrannical, but after the previous battle, he vaguely felt that Xiao Yan's soul power was powerful, and the fighting energy was...

But at this moment, he realized that he was wrong.

"Fifth brother, this guy can't be killed, so he has to stay alive." Ye Yunqing said hurriedly, looking at the fifth elder who was mad at Xiao Yan.

"Hehe, boy, don't think that you can irritate me with just a few words." The fifth elder slowly calmed down when he heard the words.

"Have you shown your true skills..." Xiao Yan smiled slightly upon seeing this.

Although the strength of these five elders is already in the late two-star Dou Xian stage, Xiao Yan still has some expectations!

He has undergone the first transformation of Dragon God's tempered body, and with the blessing of the Dou Spirit Dou Core, even if he does not use these things, he wants to see if he has the strength to deal with the late two-star Dou Xian powerhouse!

"Fire Net!" The fifth elder shouted directly, and then the dazzling flames on his body suddenly flashed out, turning into bursts of stars, attacking Xiao Yan.

"The little trick of the eagle... It seems that you have forgotten the suppression of my flame on you." Xiao Yan also waved his hand casually, and a tyrannical flame force immediately shattered his flame net.

The flame Xiao Yan used at this time was only a fire attribute flame formed by the condensed bucket core, and he did not use holy flame, but even so, Xiao Yan's fire attribute was stronger than the holy flame and the two bucket cores. Ordinary fire attribute practitioners are too tyrannical.

"One move!" Xiao Yan raised the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand again. He found that several two-star fighting immortals who were dealing with Ye Yunqing were losing ground. If they failed, it would be extremely unfavorable for their side. I don't want to procrastinate.

"Boy, you are too arrogant!" The fifth elder said angrily, but he couldn't do anything about it. He was a fire attribute himself, although he was a powerhouse in the late two-star Dou Xian, he still displayed a tyrannical attack and hit Xiao. After the inflammation, it would be like tickling him, and it would not hurt him at all.

"I'll let you try the power of the seventh-layer sky-shattering ruler again." A smile appeared at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, and then a khaki flame all over his body slowly replaced the ordinary fire attribute flame on his body.

"This...this is?" Although the fifth elder was well-informed, he fell into ignorance for a while in the face of the khaki flame.

"Holy Flame?" The next moment, it was still a person from the Soul Clan hidden in the dark passage, but a suffocating aura emanated from the dark red pupils.

"Boy, fairyland soul... holy flame..."

"It seems that this time, my yin protector has met a treasure..."

"Susu..." The man in black hiding in the dark passage was filled with a thick black mist, and the black mist was actually filled with an incredible force of terror.

"Five ~ It's time to end."

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"Destroy me!" Xiao Yan's body surged into the sky in an instant, and then the khaki flames on his body instantly merged into the ancient ruler of different fires. He held the ruler tightly with both hands, and slashed towards the five elders below.

"Get away from me!"

"You **** boy, give me your life!" Ye Yunqing couldn't help but shouted when he saw this, trying to use the tyrannical aura that erupted in an instant to shake these two-star fighting immortals away, so as to rescue the fifth elder, otherwise Under the attack of Xiao Yan's khaki flames, the fifth elders are likely to fall sadly!

"Want to break free from us... there's no way!" But things were naturally not as simple as Ye Yunqing thought. Although the two-star fighting immortals who were in charge of entangling him were weak, they were not afraid of death. They directly dragged Ye Yunqing and let him Can't pull away.

"Damn!"

"What the **** are you!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The body's fighting qi is not obeyed!" This time, Xiao Yan did not choose to go out seven feet, but only injected the power of holy flame into the ancient ruler of different fire, and then the seventh ruler broke the sky directly into a ferocious. The khaki flame dragon roared away at the fifth elder.

"Boom!" The khaki flame dragon had no resistance and devoured it in one bite!

As a result, this fifth elder who was as strong as the late two-star fighting immortal stage actually completely fell on a hairy boy in the early two-star fighting immortal stage!

. full book m.