Chapter Vol 4 1489: White Jade Pillar Array!

"Crash!" As the crowd moved towards the lake vortex one after another, in the whirlpool, bursts of tyrannical space power emerged, and then everyone just stepped into the whirlpool, and was shrouded by the space power, thus Send them elsewhere.

"Boom!" After a violent fluctuation, the four continents powerhouses also left the space channel at the same time, thus appearing in the depths of the ruins.

"This……"

"Is this the relic of Tianwangzang?" Looking at the huge complex of buildings in front of him, Mu Ge couldn't help taking a deep breath.

The area of ​​the conventional ruins is not too large, and the shape is quite simple, but the overall area of ​​the ruins in front of them may occupy thousands of miles away, and the special shape also makes everyone's heart tremble. .

"It's not so much a relic here, but a mausoleum." Xiao Yan and Du Qifei seemed to have known about it for a long time, so they were not surprised at all, but they were still a little curious about the mausoleum in the possession of the Heavenly King.

At this time, everyone has entered the mausoleum, but this mausoleum is quite strange.

The shape of the mausoleum is not like an ordinary mausoleum. The place where everyone stands at this time is not on the ground, but in the air, and there is a circular ground with hundreds of square meters under their feet. It is the top of a huge white jade column.

The white jade pillars occupy the main body of the mausoleum, and the countless white jade pillars are ups and downs and vary in size, but without exception, there are circles of fine lines around or on the top of the walls of each white jade pillar. With tyrannical power, as if resisting the erosion of something.

The white jade stone pillar that everyone stands is only the bottom of the huge white jade stone pillar. There are countless stone pillars on it, but at this time, everyone looks down, on the ground of the mausoleum, which is hundreds of meters away from the white jade stone pillar. It turned out to be a wisp of evil black mist!

The evil black mist completely wrapped the ground of the entire mausoleum. It was eerie and strange, and it was shocking. At this time, everyone stood on the top of the towering white jade pillar. It turned out to be ignoring the erosion of the evil black mist, and even the white jade pillar was faint. The power of the evil black mist is also nibbling away between Jojo.

"It seems that the fascinated old ghost is right, and my guess is also right." Xiao Yan looked vigilantly at the abyss-like black mist below, and frowned heavily.

Such a dazzling and rich black fog is probably not something that ordinary aliens can have.

"What should we do now?" Seeing Xiao Yan saying nothing, Yun Qi immediately said.

"Since you're here, let's go to the high place where the corpse of the Heavenly King is hidden." After a while, Xiao Yan raised his head and looked at the white jade stone pillar above.

The white jade stone pillars they were standing at this time were actually only the lowest existence. Between their heads, there were many tall white jade stone pillars above them. Those white jade stone pillars were undoubtedly taller and thicker. As for the upper part, there is even a suffocating terrifying fluctuation.

As expected, in this mausoleum, the top of the highest white jade pillar should be the corpse of the Heavenly King.

"But the white jade pillars are hundreds of meters away from each other, how do we get there?"

"Furthermore, there is an abyss below. If you unfortunately fall down, I'm afraid..." Liu Qing cultivated the light attribute and was naturally very sensitive to the evil aura, and the dark evil aura under the white jade pillar made her feel uneasy. If you fall, you will surely die.

"Don't worry, I'll try it." Xiao Yan heard the words and calmed the crowd. Then he slowly walked to the edge of the white jade stone pillar, ready to test one or two, but he didn't notice that Yuan Yan, who was beside him, slowly lowered his head and stared intently at the white jade stone pillar. Those tiny lines seem to be checking something.

"Huhu." Glancing at the heart-pounding evil aura below the stone pillar, Xiao Yan took a deep breath, and then his eyes became bright.

"Fire Explosion Technique!" With a cold snort, flames suddenly appeared all over his body, and his steps became lighter, and he suddenly jumped to the white jade pillar hundreds of meters away.

"Boom!" Just as Xiao Yan took off, countless dark auras from below suddenly attacked Xiao Yan like a poisonous snake.

"Not good!" Although Xiao Yan's speed skyrocketed, the space of the mausoleum had an imprisoned suppression of the power of space, so Xiao Yan couldn't jump a hundred meters for a while, and immediately his body fell towards the bottom. Feeling After reaching that tyrannical and strange black gas, his face changed greatly, and he hurriedly wanted to use the power of holy flame to defend.

"Wong Buzz!"

"Catch it!" Just when Xiao Yan was shocked. Silver thunder appeared on Du Qifei's body, then gathered into a silver shackle, and threw it directly at Xiao Yan who fell below.

"Creeping!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan attacked the black mist with one hand of flames, and directly held the silver shackles with the other.

"Are you alright?" Seeing Xiao Yan's safety, everyone immediately asked with concern.

"It's okay, it's just that each of the white jade pillars in the ruins are hundreds of meters apart. You can't jump just by jumping in terror, and the power of space and the ability to fly are useless here Xiao Yan He also sucked in a breath of cold air. Obviously, if it wasn't for Du Qifei's shot just now, I'm afraid it would have consumed a lot of means, and once it fell, it would be extremely troublesome.

"You don't have to use these things..."

"Ever since I entered the tomb of the King of Heaven, I have smelled a familiar scent."

"Before the Heavenly King hid, if he wasn't a battle formation master, he was probably a strong man with a lot of high-level formations." As Xiao Yan came back, Yuan Yan's face slowly appeared on Yuan Yan's face. After a burst of joy, he stared at the mysterious lines on the surrounding white jade stone pillars, and smiled slowly.

"This is... mental power?"

"The core inscription... the fluctuation of the pattern?" After a while, seeing Yuan Yan's actions, Xiao Yan was also surprised.

"Look at me." After a while, Yuan Yan's small face showed some excitement, and then she sat down with her legs crossed. The Qiankun jade at her chest suddenly leaped out and spun rapidly around her body. Silk's tyrannical spiritual power also emerged.

"This girl's spiritual power is much more tyrannical than yours, and she is probably the first person I've ever seen among her peers." The Master of Soul Eater couldn't help but admire.

"Forget it, just wait patiently." With Yuan Yan's action, Xiao Yan was able to discover a slight fluctuation, and the secret of the white jade pillar was slowly being cracked.

It's just that the other powerhouses who entered the mausoleum are not as lucky as Xiao Yan and others.

The White Jade Pillar is impressively designed to protect the last level of the Tianwangzang, and countless white jade pillars are stacked on top of each other. Only by stepping on the highest white Jade Pillar can we hit the corpse of the Tianwangzang.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: