Chapter 645: fierce fight

"Quick and sensitive fox?" Xiao Yan was slightly startled when he heard the words. Xiao Yan had never even heard of this dead beast that appeared in front of him.

"Swift and agile foxes, this is a race that is naturally different from foxes. Generally, foxes are famous for their charm, but these agile and agile foxes are famous for their extremely fast speed and strength. They specialize in hunting all kinds of low-level magical beasts. Devour low-level monsters to continuously strengthen yourself." Xinyan explained.

"It seems that this thing is not easy to deal with!" Xiao Yan's eyes sank slightly, and the agile fox in front of him gave him a great sense of danger.

"Damn beast." Xiao Yan scolded in a low voice, because at this time Xiao Yan's body's Dou Qi has slowed down, obviously for no reason, Xiao Yan is very strange in this white smoke!

Xunmin Linghu is not a vegetarian either. When he saw Xiao Yan breaking into his territory, the white smoke that lured the enemy out immediately enveloped Xiao Yan!

This white smoke to lure enemies is no trivial matter!

Because the smoke is the unique means of the Swift Fox, the white smoke contains the unique power of the Swift Fox, which can greatly reduce the strength of those caught in the smoke.

"Shabu Shabu!" The swift and sensitive fox seemed to find that Xiao Yan was still in the smoke of attracting the enemy, yet he could not fall down, and he possessed such a terrifying combat power, and his speed skyrocketed immediately. Move freely.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan was still mobilizing the vindictive energy in his body just now, trying to defend against this swift and sensitive fox, but unexpectedly this swift and sensitive fox launched an attack directly.

The swift and sensitive fox raised its front paws, and the sharp front paws aimed directly at Xiao Yantian's cover paws!

Such a terrifying blow, in the case of ebb and flow in the smoke, I am afraid that it can kill the enemy in an instant.

"Drink!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, although he couldn't mobilize much Dou Qi in his body, he immediately placed the heavy ancient ruler of different fire on his chest, and the next moment he resisted the terrifying claws of the swift and sensitive fox!

Even so, Xiao Yan was repelled a few steps by the terrifying claws of the swift and sensitive fox before he stabilized his figure.

"No, we must leave here, otherwise the strength of this swift and agile fox may be comparable to the powerhouses in the late stage of the Six-star Dou Di of human beings, and this mysterious smoke might attract other participating teams..." Xiao Yan stabilized his body. I found that no matter what, as long as I was in this smoke, I couldn't mobilize a little bit of vindictiveness at all!

"Human, let's capture it."

"In my smoke formation, you can't leave alive." Seeing that he hadn't succeeded in a single blow, Xun Linghu immediately moved at a high speed, and then let out a wicked smile in the smoke.

"It's a mystery." Xiao Yan said coldly, but he thought about it in his heart.

"Great Heaven's Fortune Palm!" The next moment, Xiao Yan, with his keen soul power, instantly displayed a heaven-level fighting skill!

As soon as the Great Heaven's Fortune Palm came out, Xiao Yan suddenly felt that the attack that was destructive in the past had become soft at this time.

"Don't waste your energy, let me eat you obediently."

"Delicious food." Xunmin Linghu said slowly and instantly, and then a certain spatial picture in the smoke trembled slightly, and a giant claw with a terrifying attack fell from the sky!

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan's eyes were fast, and he was using the ancient ruler of different fire to stop him, but this time, he took more than ten steps backwards, and even Xiao Yan felt a little sullen when he was attacked.

"No, Dou Qi should be temporarily sealed, and it seems that he can't fight recklessly." Xiao Yan also knew the power of this smoke formation at this moment, and said to himself.

"Although the speed and strength of this agile fox are extremely terrifying, it is a huge gap for you to break through in terms of soul power."

"Or your holy flame power." Xinyan also said.

"Come out." Xiao Yan sensed that there was no one around, and suddenly his body burned at a high speed, slowly mobilizing the Fire Heart Tianyan.

"Boom boom boom!" The khaki-yellow holy flame just appeared, which immediately made the place full of white mysterious smoke feel a little thin.

"Why is this flame so terrifying?" Hiding in the void of smoke, the swift and sensitive fox was optimistic that every time Xiao Yan's defense was weak, he would directly attack and try to kill Xiao Yan.

Such a terrifying attack made Xiao Yan keep retreating.

However, when the khaki holy flame appeared in Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan's aura obviously changed!

"Stone Crusher!" Xiao Yan stretched out his hands, grabbed the khaki holy flame in front of him, and then wrapped it around his hands!

The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly called out. Following Xiao Yan's call, a huge palm of several tens of meters suddenly burst out from above the ground, and then fiercely confronted the swift and sensitive fox!

Xunmin Linghu still wanted to run away, but in front of the terrifying power of Huoxin Tianyan, he became small, and he was finally hit by Xiao Yan's attack.

The stone crusher was a fighting skill that Xiao Yan felt from the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock.

As for the gravel burial, this is the power of the holy flame of the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock. If it is not a last resort, Xiao Yan will not use it. After all, this method requires too much power, and if one cannot say well, I am afraid There will also be a lot of trouble.

"Tick tock." An obvious burn scar appeared on the body of Xunmin Linghu. Through this scar, one could vaguely see that it had been injured by Xiao Yan's attack just now, and a drop of blood fell on the ground. above.

"Brumbling!" Xunmin Linghu made a strange sound Xiao Yan didn't even need to listen to know that this Xunmin Linghu should be angry.

"This dead beast is a bit more treacherous than the beasts outside." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, the khaki holy flame on the palm of his hand exuded the supreme aura of extermination!

"Sensitive death claw!" Xunmin Linghu Zai couldn't hold it any longer, he was a powerful dead beast in the dignified and dignified mountain, how could he be injured like this by a human, and immediately said angrily.

"Soul... Heaven's Wrath!" Xiao Yan felt that the attack strength of the quick-witted fox's attack was no less than that of an immortal-level fighting skill, and immediately took a deep breath, and then a huge soul force poured out instantly!

"Boom boom boom!" The two blended in terror, but the next moment, the pupils of the swift and sensitive fox became tight.

"Soul fighting skills?"

"How is that possible!" However, it was not the swift and sensitive fox's turn to be surprised. The huge soul force immediately destroyed the swift and sensitive fox, leaving nothing left of its will.

"Are you dead?" Xiao Yan slowly retracted the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, and then saw the strange smoke around him slowly dissipating, and the power of his own soul in the soul perception also hit the swift and sensitive fox, and immediately said.

Xunmin Linghu was hit by Xiao Yan's Huang Quantian's anger, and his eyes suddenly became dull, as if his soul had been lost, only to hear a bang, that Xunling Linghu directly fell to the ground!

"It seems that this swift and sensitive fox is not as powerful as the outside world." The heart rock in Xiao Yan's body spoke slightly, and it seemed that this swift and sensitive fox, which had been rumored by the outside world in the past, was not so terrifying.

"Go and have a look." As the smoke dissipated, Xiao Yan also resumed the use of Dou Qi, and immediately walked over to the swift and sensitive fox. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: