Chapter Vol 4 1894: There is no danger!

"What the **** is going on here?" The horned demon, the wolf general, and a few burly seniors walked in slowly, watching Xiao Yan, who was motionless in the slowly dissipating state, and Xiao who was added by the Thunder and Fire Hell King. Ray, couldn't help asking.

"I am his soul avatar... Find him a quiet training room. He has entered a special state and can only heal himself." Xiao Lei shook his head slightly, and then with a flash, he also returned to Xiao Yan's body , Although he is a soul avatar, only the main body can resist this kind of thing. If Xiao Yan can't resist, I am afraid that his existence will also die out with time.

"Sir, about Xu Shao..." At this time, several other high-level executives couldn't help muttering.

"Now Xiao Yan is the leader of the newly promoted Demon Commander. I will send him back first and find a quiet training room for him. As for Xu Shao, he secretly communicated with the other two powerhouses and tried to harm the army of our Ten Thousand Demon Nation. The next time I see you, I will definitely cut him into tens of thousands of pieces."

"In addition, thoroughly investigate all the officials and generals in the army, and wait for the demon king and Xiao Yan to wake up. It's time to enter the ancient battlefield." Orders emerged from the old Horned Demon's mouth in an orderly manner.

"Okay." Many monsters nodded.

On the other side, everyone sent Xiao Yan to a quiet training room. After sending people to guard them, they were busy with their own affairs. The old horned demon didn't know Xiao Yan's current state, so he could only wait for the return of the demon king. .

In the quiet training room, the scent of agarwood filled the secret room, but at this time Xiao Yan was standing there like a living dead, without any anger!

"Weng buzzing!" At this time, Xiao Yan seemed to be in a coma, and seemed to have been deprived of something, and all of this was obviously the last moment of the previous battle with Xu Shao, when Xu Shao left. At the same time, Xiao Yan was given a rather strange blow, and the attack contained a touch of extremely strange power.

That kind of attack was not fatal, but it made Xiao Yan's soul power enter a rather strange state, as if it had separated from himself and entered other places.

It seems that Xiao Yan's soul and body are now separated by Xu Shao's attack. At this time, the body is still here, but the soul is imprisoned in a distant alien space.

"Where is this?"

"what happened?"

"Just now I was still fighting against Xu Shao in the demon world, how could it be?" Xiao Yan's illusory soul body moved slowly, but the void was endless, and a trace of danger permeated, making Xiao Yan extremely uncomfortable.

"..." This place seemed to be a long corridor, let Xiao Yan mutter how, after resting, the voice returned quickly, other than that, nothing responded to Xiao Yan.

"No, we have to break open here!" Suddenly, after hesitating for a moment, Xiao Yan, his soul body, seemed to have discovered something, and with a hurried sound, the soul power in his body suddenly surged.

Xiao Yan also entered this extremely strange different-dimensional space when he was devouring the Devil Fruit, but at that time he had someone else's guidance, but now...

"Boom!" With a sound, the invisible soul body exploded directly in the void, and immediately a broken feeling swept out of the entire void.

"Sisi!" After a while, the dark void suddenly changed slightly, and the void in the darkness slowly turned into a prismatic mirror with different shapes.

The mirror is white and flawless, it seems to be ordinary, but it is this extremely flat atmosphere that makes Xiao Yan feel a chill in his heart. If he can't find a way to solve it, I am afraid that Xiao Yan will be imprisoned here forever!

"This is?" Xiao Yan was unmoved, but his body lightly turned towards the prism in front of him, as if he had found clues.

"Brother Xiao Yan, Xun'er lived a hard life in the ancient clan."

"I... I can't hold on anymore." In the prism, a woman who is enough to make all things pale, she now stands on a mountain peak of the ancient people, with tears in her eyes, her appearance is very moving, and her voice is so beautiful. There was a resolute voice in it.

"Xun'er, wait a minute, I..." At this moment, Xiao Yan's voice suddenly became a little wet and hoarse. This beautiful figure in the prism could be said to be someone who was thinking about him at night.

"Xiao Yan, hurry up!" After a while, another prism was approaching Xiao Yan. In the prism, the enchanting body of Cailin stood in front of Xiao Yan in the mirror. In front of the two of them were several evil spirits. A dark shadow surrounded by air.

The power in them is not necessary for non-territorial evil races, and that kind of situation is probably extremely dangerous.

"Cai Lin..." Seeing the second prism approaching, Xiao Yan's voice became hoarse.

"Xiao Yan, you have to live!" After a while, the third prism floated to Xiao Yan's side. At this time, a blue-haired figure stood in the prism, and it was light and pleasant. Her voice came out, but her beautiful eyes were filled with a look of arrogance as if she were at home. She stood on the hundred-zhang city wall. After speaking, her body turned into a blue ethereal bird, facing the evil abyss beyond the city wall. Down!

That kind of scene is like jumping into **** alone!

"Yingying..." At this moment, Xiao Yan's mouth and nose were sore, and he couldn't help his pupils blushing.

"Xiao Yan..." The fourth prism also slowly approached.

"Enough!" Before the fourth prism screen appeared, Xiao Yan snorted coldly and roared abruptly. At that time, countless prisms shook slowly.

"Weng Om!" At this moment, above Xiao Yan's outer body, the dim Emperor Yan Ring flashed out, a trace of red light surrounding Xiao Yan's body.

And that trace of red light, like a rather faint "Xiao" character, is extremely strange and mysterious.

"This is?" A few minutes later, in the endless prism space, a red door of light emerged gently. Xiao Yan looked at the door of light and couldn't help but muttered.

"Come back." Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, an old voice resounded slowly like a sleeping giant dragon awakening.

This voice is by no means the Golden Dragon King, nor is it the powerhouse Xiao Yan knew in the past, but it gave Xiao Yan a special kindness!

"Want to run?"

"Sisi!" When the door of light and the voice appeared, a sinister and gloomy voice resounded throughout the space, and countless prisms turned into countless wandering ghosts, slaughtering Xiao Yan.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, and turned around and stepped into the gate of light.

"Ahhh!"

"Damn Xiao clan monsters, what treasures actually left Xiao Yan!"

"Wait, the guardian of the Xiao family will be found in a short time, and then..." Xu Shao's gloomy voice slowly fell in the different dimension.

In the demon world Huhuhu! "In the training room, Xiao Yan's soul body had just returned, and he gasped for breath, not noticing the energy released by the Emperor Yanjie in front of him.

"This is?" After breathing for a while, Xiao Yan's state slowly improved. He knew that if it wasn't for the power of Emperor Yan Jie just now, he might have been left in that other dimension forever!

Obviously, this so-called Soul Hall's new Hall Master Huang Tang is much more tyrannical than the previous Soul Wuji, both in terms of strength and scheming!

Even the cultivation of its spatial attributes has probably reached a whole new level.

After a while, in Xiao Yan's body, Emperor Yan Jie lay quietly, but at this time, Emperor Yan Jie was slowly absorbing the power in Xiao Yan's body. That kind of slight absorption, even Xiao Yan couldn't detect, seemed to have reached the level of strength. After the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals, the resonance of the Emperor Flame Ring became more obvious.

"Xu Shao, see you next time, all this will be given back to you."

Xiao Yan said softly, endless killing intent, sweeping away.