Chapter 638: first battle

"Strange, why do I feel like someone is always staring at us?" Green Flute said slightly, and then his eyes suddenly turned to the back, as if he was looking for something.

"What's going on?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan glanced at it immediately, and found that the green flute seemed to be moving, and hurriedly spoke.

"Come out!" At the next moment, the green flute seemed to have discovered something, and the thing was covered in green aura and turned into a huge energy snake, attacking a certain bush!

"Shabu!" At the next moment, in the bushes covered with weeds, a small magical beast was suddenly shaken and flew up by the terrifying attack!

"Where to run!" Green Flute's eyes were fast, and when his figure moved, his jade hand raised slightly, and he appeared directly at the place where the little monster was about to escape, and grabbed it with a slap.

"This is……"

"Sighting bird?" Ling Xuan slowly stared at the small monster on the palm of the green flute, and suddenly exclaimed.

"Sighting bird?" Xiao Yan slowly came to Green Flute's side, currently watching the monster in Green Flute's hand.

This is a small monster with a beautiful pupil. As for the feathers all over its body, it is slowly the same as the surrounding space. If you don't look carefully, you may not be able to find it.

"The Sighting Bird is said to be a magical beast specially used by humans to spy on the enemy. Although its strength is extremely low, it has some indescribable benefits for surveillance." Mu Feng hurriedly surrounded him, and then faced the man in the hands of the green flute. The monster opened his mouth.

"It seems that we should be targeted." Xiao Yan's head was constantly scanning the surroundings. Just now Xiao Yan realized that several of his own people seemed to be targeted by others, but after the mysterious person left, Xiao Yan didn't find anything. Weird things, immediately let down their vigilance, who would have thought that there is such a hand.

"Hehe, since this little trick has been discovered, then we are no longer hiding it." Just as Xiao Yan and the others were constantly looking for suspicious people around, a laugh suddenly came out.

"Who is it!" Xiao Yan suddenly drank it, and was immediately a little surprised. It was a strange thing that these people could escape his perception.

"Rainbow team." A dull voice came out slowly, and then the figures of four men and one woman slowly appeared in front of Xiao Yan and the others.

"Hmph, it's actually you." A disdain came from Ling Xuan's mouth instantly.

Lingxuan didn't have any good impression of these people in front of the team, because among these people, there was one person who pursued him and was not rejected at first.

"Hey, Lingxuan, I met here today. Without the Palace Master and many senior brothers, I want to see how you can defeat me." Among the five, one looked good, but the voice revealed that Some chilly taste.

"Humph."

"Xu Zhu, don't think that I don't know what you are thinking. If you want to match Miss Ben, you are not qualified!" Seeing this, Lingxuan suddenly showed her aura, and her strength in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di was suddenly reduced. Exhibition no doubt.

"Hehe, the power of a seventh-rank student, it seems that the palace master is really willing." The man who Lingxuan called Xu Zhu smiled slowly, but there was a strong jealousy in his voice!

How can this Lingxuan have the power of a seventh-grade student, is it because she is the daughter of the Hall Master of the Earth Palace?

If it weren't for the fact that she was the daughter of the Hall Master of the Earth Palace, I'm afraid this woman would only be a flower in her life.

"Do you need help?" Xiao Yan obviously did not understand the grievances between Lingxuan and the Rainbow Team, but because the five people were a team at this time, and considering that there was no way to recover the grudge in Luoling Mountain, he couldn't help speaking.

"No, it's between me and him. This time, I will definitely beat him all over the floor to find his teeth!" Ling Xuan smiled slowly, but the majestic aura hidden in the smile could not escape Xiao Yan s eyes.

"Haha, although this Lingxuan is a bit stubborn by nature, her strength in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor is no joke." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and then looked at the two arguing with each other in the arena.

"Xu Zhu, don't say I didn't give you a chance." Lingxuan said seemingly unintentionally, but she was actually angering Xu Zhu, because based on Lingxuan's understanding of her, this Xu Zhu was an impatient person. People, once provoked by themselves like this, they will definitely take action.

"Humph!"

"Little witch, this time I will definitely beat you to the bottom of your body, so that you know what true power is!" Xu Zhu Zhentian drank it, and immediately took a step to fight against Ling Xuan.

"Calm me down, this Lingxuan is clearly trying to provoke you."

"Don't forget the identity of Lingxuan's little witch!" In the next moment, a figure beside Xu Zhu slowly pulled Xu Zhu and spoke immediately.

The daughter of the Palace Master of the Earth Palace, this is undoubtedly placed anywhere, and I am afraid that five people dare to shake the existence, otherwise, no one can bear the anger of the Palace Master of the Earth Palace.

"But...I can't hold my breath."

"Even if I was rejected at the beginning, but there were so many people at the time, this Lingxuan refused so bluntly, I don't accept it." The next moment, Xu Zhu roared, roaring the unbridled wild horse.

"Hey... go, be careful not to hurt her." The figure said helplessly, and then said slowly.

"En." Xu Zhu felt relieved when she heard the words. Since she agreed to go with me, she must be ashamed.

"Strange, that's Xiao Yan who is rumored to be in the hall of people, the aura on his body is so strange." The only woman in the Rainbow Team spoke slowly.

The woman's black and beautiful hair, and the beautiful bangs on her forehead, can't help but make people criticize the word "beautiful" With the perception of a woman, Xiao Yan who is smiling unexpectedly I felt a sense of fear that I had never heard before!

"This Lingxuan is really a troublemaker." Mu Feng shook his head, looking at the arrogance of Lingxuan and Xu Zhu in front of him, and said immediately.

"It's not my fault."

"This Xu Zhu confessed to me in front of many senior brothers without authorization. How did I know it was so good at the time? Since I didn't like it, I refused directly, although that method might be a bit wrong."

"But if you don't like something, you can't force it." Ling Xuan's momentum weakened slightly at this time, and she turned around and said something to Xiao Yan and the others.

"Oh, this looks exactly the same as Nalan Yanran..."

"I'm afraid that Nalan Yanran's way of doing things was the same as this Lingxuan..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and suddenly felt a little bit in his heart, obviously influenced by what Lingxuan said.

"Okay, you can fight hard, this Xu Zhu's strength is also in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, and although his life force is far less high than your rank, the invisible murderous aura on Xu Zhu's body is obviously experienced. It's a real life-and-death battle." Seeing that something was wrong with Xiao Yan, Mu Yingying said to Lingxuan slightly.

Mu Yingying's attitude towards this Lingxuan can be considered lukewarm. After all, with Mu Yingying's attitude towards people, apart from Xiao Yan, I am afraid that she will not treat others, even Lingxuan, the daughter of the temple master. There will be a little change.

"Are you all right?" After Mu Yingying finished speaking, Wei Wei turned to Xiao Yan and tried to comfort Xiao Yan.

"It's alright, I just remembered something." The next moment, Xiao Yan swept away his previous emotions and looked at Ling Xuan and Xu Zhu in the arena, as if a battle was about to break out! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: