Chapter Vol 4 2005: The battle is getting fiercer!

As one of the three giants in the ancient prison, Feng Xiejun was completely beheaded by Liu Hao, his body and spirit were destroyed, and he had the cover of Liu Hao's bright breath, and the two giants below could not detect it for a while. Zaidu became quiet and everything was going on in an orderly and secret way. As for Liu Hao, relying on the cover of his immortal weapon, he was slowly investigating the conspiracy of the alien race. For him, this was not just a This kind of experience is also a huge improvement. Once you find the exact evidence of the alien race, then everything will be worth it.

On the other side, the snake and scorpion blood twisted her extremely enchanting body, twisting and turning towards the space where Gu Yuan and the peerless emperor stepped into. She was not in a hurry, and she seemed to have absolute confidence. No matter what means Gu Yuan has, they can't escape from their palms in the end, because this is hell, and it is a palace of death specially prepared for them. As early as when they controlled the ancient race, they were doomed to the destruction of this race, and the rest It's just a matter of time.

"This snake spirit..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help shaking his head, that graceful figure might have stolen the body of a human woman, but this evil shadow has a trace of the same source as Cailin's. , all belong to the same snake-type creature. If I knew that a drop of blood essence for Cailin would be enough to solve the current situation, the blood essence of Shicai swallowing python is enough to cause a crushing situation in the face of any snake-type creature. .

"Senior, are you sure you are here?" In the space, Gu Yuan walked in front, looking at this dark space passage, his brows wrinkled, the dark space in front of him was still endless, he couldn't help but say.

"In order to protect the safety of the Holy Maiden, prevent entering the Holy Land from delaying the Holy Maiden's inheritance, and in order to prevent another key to enter the Holy Land from being obtained by foreign evil races, I had to seal it here. It is extremely hidden here, even if it is They didn't even notice."

"It's right in front." The Peerless Heavenly Emperor was disheveled, with white hair draped everywhere, and took the lead to walk above the void. For him, this was the void he created himself, and he was naturally very familiar with it.

"arrive."

"It's here." The two walked some distance, and the Peerless Heavenly Emperor raised his palm and slammed it down. The space barrier in front of him was torn apart by it, and a rather exquisite void emerged, and there was nothing in it. , with only a pale yellow trace of the quaint stone box in the center, if there is no peerless emperor, I am afraid it is extremely difficult for ordinary people to find the real void.

Several layers of seals were set on the stone box, which looked the same as ordinary objects but was extremely thick. The layers of thick dust on it were enough to show that it had existed for decades and no one had been found.

"Is this the only key to enter the Holy Land?" Seeing this, Gu Yuan relaxed slightly. Although he knew that Xun'er had not fallen, he had not heard from him for decades. Even as a father, he felt a burst of sigh, so he Quite worried about Xun'er's situation.

"Wait, don't worry." Gu Yuan's heart lit up when he saw this. As long as he got this key, he could enter the Holy Land. When he thought of his daughter, his father couldn't help but feel a little guilty.

Since the great change of the ancient race, the three keys to enter the Holy Land have lost their effect, because the passage space to enter the Holy Land has been secretly changed by the peerless Heavenly Emperor, so Rao is also unable to enter the three keys of the evil race from outside the territory. This thing in front of you is the key to enter the Holy Land, and it is also the only key.

"Squeak." With a sound, layers of Dou Qi emerged from Peerless Heavenly Emperor's body, and he lifted the layers of seals as if he was familiar with the road, and immediately jumped up and came directly to the stone box.

"Pfft." With a sound, a gray square jade stone lay quietly in the stone box, and the jade stone was filled with an ancient atmosphere.

"This is..." Gu Yuan was trembling and lost his voice. From the gray jade, he could clearly smell a trace of the ancient ancestors' breath, and it was definitely the key.

"But Xiao Yan..." Gu Yuan suddenly hesitated after breathing down.

"That kid has a unique skill, and now he has to make a choice between the two of them. Time is running out, and I can feel that they are approaching here!" He is very familiar with the breath of the snake and scorpion blood. If he has recovered to the peak, it is easy to say, but now his own strength is not one out of ten, and he has no strength to confront him head-on.

"No, Xiao Yan must be rescued first." After a deep voice, Gu Yuan also had a choice. Xiao Yan was hunted down by the **** snake and scorpion, and his life and death were uncertain, while Xun'er should be relatively safe.

"En." When the Peerless Heavenly Emperor heard the words, a rare glint of light flashed in his eyes. Obviously he had expected it for a long time, but when he thought of the terrifying evil power in the late Eight Star Fighting Immortal stage of Snake Scorpion Blood'er, he had a headache.

"Squeak."

"Old guy, you are so anxious, where are you going?" Just as the Peerless Heavenly Emperor took action, the surrounding void suddenly trembled. Protected, countless bites and growls emerged, and the entire void turned out to be slowly swallowed, and scenes of rare blood light flashed out, vaguely the void passage was falling towards an unknown evil palace!

"not good!"

"Never let her drag us into her realm!" Looking at this scene, the surrounding void was slowly dragged by countless blood snakes, and there were faint signs of falling downwards, and the peerless Heavenly Emperor lost his voice.

He had already fought against the blood of snakes and scorpions He knew the latter's methods too well, especially the blood of the snakes and scorpions, it was enough to make the Peerless Heavenly Emperor truly moved!

Eight-star Douxian level powerhouses usually fight in their respective fields. After all, the power that Ordinary Jiekong can withstand is too weak, and they can't help their attack strength at this level.

"Susu." The snake and scorpion Xue'er didn't care. Countless blood snakes roared fiercely. After a while, a real blood prison of thousands of feet appeared.

The realm of the blood of the snake and scorpion, the realm of blood of the snake and scorpion, here, the power of the blood of the snake and scorpion has been greatly increased, almost close to the invincible existence, and the two who have not yet recovered their strength fall into it, and the end may be extremely tragic.

"It seems that this guy's strength is comparable to half a king." Xiao Yan said coldly, and was bound by the blood of the snake and scorpion behind him, but through the distance he was approaching now, Xiao Yan could see that ten The blood snake was quietly entrenched on the hair of the snake and scorpion Xue'er, and the countless blood snakes around seemed to be listening to this.

In an instant, the corners of Xiao Yan's mouth slowly wriggled, and the five holy flames in his body quietly emerged and condensed. Immediately, an invisible threat slowly approached the blood of the snake and scorpion, but his eyes and attention were completely attracted by the two peerless emperors. Just noticed.

A holy flame of that level, even if it can't really kill the blood of the snakes and scorpions, it's probably enough to cause real damage!

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: