Chapter 316: As a gift to Xiao Yan, he will become a 10th-grade Dou Di!

The extremely shocking feeling in Xiao Yan's heart could not be calm for a long time.

At this time, Xiao Yan also completely knew why the immortal emperor in front of him treated him like this.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Thinking about it, I don't know why. At the beginning, my ancestor had a chance to **** the Holy Flame, but Xiao Yun's ancestor gave up and gave this opportunity to the Immortal Emperor, which is why he got the illustrious name of the Immortal Emperor!

According to what the Immortal Emperor said, in the scene at that time, the Immortal Emperor's body was destroyed by the immortal flame, leaving only the body of his soul, and his own ancestor Xiao Yun was a genuine fighting immortal powerhouse. If Xiao Yun wanted to subdue this immortal The flames, you can think of it without any effort!

But Xiao Yun didn't. After helping the Immortal Emperor condense his body, he also gave Immortal Flame a chance to choose.

In the end, Immortal Flame chose the Immortal Emperor, and the ancestor Xiao Yun also left gracefully!

Although Xiao Yan didn't know what happened in the middle, from the level of respect the Immortal Emperor had for his ancestor Xiao Yun and his attitude towards him, he knew that what the Immortal Emperor said was true, and...

Just because of the daring of his ancestor Xiao Yun, even Xiao Yan felt inferior.

"Back then, after your ancestor Xiao Yun left, I relied on swallowing the flame of immortality, and my strength improved by leaps and bounds."

"In one fell swoop, he broke through the level of the Nine Star Dou Emperor and entered the realm of Rank Nine."

"Just when I was going to look for your ancestor Xiao Yun to repay my kindness, I don't know why it suddenly came out that your Xiao family was wanted by the Seven Realms..."

"Then at the same time, the foreign evil clan also attacked aggressively..."

"In the end, I also perished with hatred under the conspiracy of the alien race..."

"However, it seems that some of the strengths in these seven realms may have some relationship with the foreign evil clan. After all, the foreign evil clan and the wanted Xiao clan all came too suddenly..." The Immortal Emperor also thought slowly.

"Well." Xiao Clan also said solemnly, and then carefully memorized these words in his heart.

"However, I still want to thank you Xiao Clan. If it wasn't for your ancestor Xiao Yun, then there would be no immortal emperor in this world." The immortal emperor also said slowly, but there was more in the voice. It is gentle, obviously Xiao Yan is a member of the Xiao family, so this immortal emperor deliberately did it.

The next moment, the face of the Immortal Emperor in front of him also became ugly, apparently remembering something unpleasant.

"Senior..." Xiao Yan also noticed that the Immortal Emperor's expression suddenly became sad, and immediately said.

"It's okay, I just remembered some unpleasant things..." The Immortal Emperor also murmured, obviously because he just remembered something about the evil race outside the territory...

The terrifying level of the evil race outside the realm, the terrifying level is that the powerhouses of their own level are...

"But it's better that you don't know these things now." The Immortal Emperor also said slowly.

"But you are really amazing. You have an incredible flame at a young age. Although the flame on your body is not as powerful as the holy flame, it is still very good. Even me, I have to guard against it."

"And what puzzles me the most is..."

"Before I fell, I also got the news that the Xiao clan has been wanted by the Seven Realms, so it is impossible for any of the Xiao clan to appear..."

"Where did you come from?" The Immortal Emperor also wondered.

Since it was confirmed that the person in front of him was a member of the Xiao family, it was natural to interrogate him clearly.

"To be honest, the kid broke through from the Dou Qi Continent." Xiao Yan also did not hide it, and said to the Immortal Emperor.

The immortal emperor in front of him is also someone who can be trusted, and what to say, this immortal emperor is just a remnant soul.

"Dou Qi Continent?"

"impossible!"

"During the war ten thousand years ago, all the emperor's energy in the lower middle plane had been exhausted, and it was impossible for a fighting emperor to advance." The Immortal Emperor also denied it.

"What my disciple said, can it be fake or not." A deep breath also slowly emanated.

Then, the Golden Dragon King above Xiao Yan's head also appeared as his original figure.

"Golden Dragon King?" The Immortal Emperor also shrank his pupils tightly, looking at the familiar figure in front of him!

The Immortal Emperor would not feel wrong about the breath of the Golden Dragon King. After all, the Golden Dragon King was the strongest in the entire dragon clan back then!

The Immortal Emperor clearly remembers that the Golden Dragon King and the Xiao Clan made great contributions to the battle with the foreign evil clan back then!

I just don't know why this Xiao family is still wanted by the Seven Realms!

As for the Golden Dragon King, it seems that he has disappeared since the war. It is rumored that he fell in the war of the evil race outside the territory.

"Why are you here?" The Immortal Emperor was also extremely shocked.

"The Xiao family naturally has descendants."

"Don't forget that there is an intermediate plane in the human world, the Dou Qi Continent."

"Where did the first Xiao Clan bloodline come from, but no one has been promoted to the Dou Di Continent for ten thousand years in the Dou Qi Continent, so it was slowly forgotten."

"However, this does not mean that the Dou Qi Continent does not have Emperor Qi, but it has Emperor Grade medicinal pills, so..." The Golden Dragon King also laughed slowly.

"I can't think of how many secrets this kid has..." The Immortal Emperor also sighed slowly.

Because the Immortal Emperor knows that the Golden Dragon King in front of him is the most powerful being in the dragon race!

A powerhouse comparable to the king level of a foreign evil race!

Terror is also close to the powerhouse of the God of War...

The Immortal Emperor also sighed secretly.

"HeheIn that case..."

"Time is running out..."

"My tenth-rank Dou Emperor is a gift to the descendants of the Xiao family, and I have already repaid Senior Xiao Yun's kindness." The Immortal Emperor also spoke slowly.

As the voice of the Immortal Emperor just fell, the body in the hall exudes golden light, and an invisible wave spreads slowly above the body.

"It's really a terrifying fluctuation..." Xiao Yan also stared at the tiny rays of light above the golden body. In Xiao Yan's perception, if even a little bit...

Then, relying on his current defense, even if he is terrified, he will be seriously injured!

This Immortal Emperor is truly a terrifying existence!

"This is just some means to protect the ten-rank Dou Emperor." The Immortal Emperor also said slowly.

"Go, Xiao Yan." The Immortal Emperor also spoke slowly, there were some different emotions in his voice, and then his pupils also became deep.

"Junior thanks senior!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he bowed slowly to the Immortal Emperor in front of him, then no longer hesitated, and walked slowly towards the golden body in the hall.

"This……"

"Is that the body of a tenth-rank Dou Di..." Xiao Yan approached the golden body, and also found some strange things on this body.

According to Xiao Yan's estimation, I am afraid that with all of his attacking methods, he will not be able to break this golden Dou Emperor!

Ask for tickets!