Chapter Vol 4 1300: Top 25!

Ten days passed in a flash.

"Today is the day for the top 25 to advance." On this day, Xiao Yan got up early, pushed open the door, and walked towards the place where Yu Ran Ran lived.

"Dong dong dong." A soft knock knocked on the door of the wooden house where the two women lived.

"Squeak." The door was gently pushed open, but Yuwei was not seen, only Yu Ran was seen.

Today's rainy days seem to be very different from those of the past. A well-prepared ru skirt highlights the figure incisively and vividly, and even the body is just, an elegant fragrance wafts to the nostrils, and the carefully prepared makeup looks extremely beautiful.

"Let's go." Yu Ran Ran smiled slightly, then closed the door.

Yu Ran Ran naturally knew that it was impossible for her and Xiao Yan, but girls naturally love beauty. Even if it is impossible to have the future, it is also a good choice to cherish the present.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded, and then the two of them walked towards the space teleportation formation.

"Hey...Isn't this Xiao Yan?" Liu Qing and Du Qifei also got up early this day, in order to go to see the first stage of the competition, and the two girls also disguised themselves and looked like two girls. A man with a dash of femininity!

"Where?" Liu Qing didn't want to come, but she couldn't stand Qi Fei's constant grinding, so she agreed to follow her to the deserted competitive mountain range to see the fighting style of other strong men.

"That woman..." Liu Qing's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, watching Xiao Yan and a woman walking towards the space formation all the way, talking and laughing along the way, and couldn't help showing a trace of jealousy.

"Let's go too!" With a cold snort, the two girls immediately followed, heading towards the barren competitive mountain range.

"Weng buzzing!" In just a few minutes, everyone gathered at the periphery of the barren competitive mountain range, waiting for the start of the competition.

"Liu Qing?"

"Duan Qifei?" Xiao Yan just looked up and glanced at the crowd, and suddenly found a figure that Ergu had only seen a few days ago. Xiao Yan's huge soul power gave Xiao Yan an unforgettable memory, so no matter what Liu Qinger No matter how the girl hides it, she can't escape Xiao Yan's sharp eyes, not to mention the two women's cover-up methods are extremely clumsy, even ordinary people can't deceive.

"What's wrong?" Yu Ran Ran asked slightly.

"It's okay, I met two acquaintances." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Would you like to go over and say hello?" Yu Ran Ran asked.

"No need, the competition is about to start, so let's concentrate on dealing with it. After all, this competition is not that easy." Xiao Yan said.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell. Suddenly, in the center of the barren competitive mountain range, a void slowly wriggled, and then the figure of Forging Tianfeng slowly emerged.

"Today is the competition for the top 25."

"But there is some bad news to tell you." Du Tianfeng just appeared, and his coercive voice immediately permeated the entire arena, accompanied by his tyrannical aura.

"What's the news?" Hearing the words of the strong players participating in the competition, they couldn't help but look at each other, and a trace of unease appeared in their hearts.

"Due to special reasons, in the first stage of the competition, only the top nine can qualify for the Four Continents Ratio." Duan Tianfeng spoke softly, his voice full of unquestionable majesty.

"Damn..."

"It's just that the guess is correct."

"It seems that the only one missing, I am afraid it was occupied by the inside of the forging knife Thunder Valley..."

"Let the knife-forging Thunder Valley, who has always been fair and strict, do this. I'm afraid that guy has made a very outstanding contribution to the entire knife-forging Thunder Valley." The figures present couldn't help but say what you said.

"Stunned..." Du Qifei and Liu Qing, who had just arrived in the arena, couldn't help but look at each other when they heard the words. Obviously, this only place was given directly to Liu Qing.

After all, the main body of the sword-forging Thunder Valley has been tortured by the power of the foreign evil clan, and Liu Qing, as a high-level disciple of the Holy See, has a good identity and strength. In addition to cultivating the light system, he has a lot of influence on the foreign evil clan. Because of tyrannical restraint, so to suppress the evil for the master of the forged knife Thunder Valley, I just changed to such a place.

"It seems that after this first stage of the competition, I have to find Xiao Yan again to see if I can borrow Sheng Yan. After all, only Sheng Yan can completely expel the things on Gu Master's body." Duan Tianfeng couldn't help but said.

"Since everyone has no objection, let's start the top 25 promotion."

"Come on!"

"Drawing lots!" Dutian said, still floating in the competitive mountain range.

"Boom!" As Du Tianfeng's voice just fell, a huge wooden box suddenly appeared.

This time, the wooden box is different from the past. It uses an extremely tyrannical soul power to isolate it. It can only rely on luck to draw lots in the most primitive way, and cannot use other powers.

Forge Dao Lei Gu did this to ensure the fairness of the game. After all, it was this time, and the rest were some strong players.

"Blue No. 2." Naturally, Xiao Yan didn't worry too much, he directly raised the knife and dropped his hand, and immediately got his own competition order.

"I'm Blue No. 1." Yu Ran's jade hand flickered slightly and smiled at Xiao Yan.

The remaining powerhouses are basically guys whose strength exceeds the early stage of the two-star fighting immortal, and even most of them are in the middle stage of the two-star fighting immortal.

"Blue number one versus white number one."

"Two players, please enter." Du Tianfeng's voice sounded, and he immediately exited the competitive mountain range and came to the periphery to take charge of the order of the competition.

"Be careful." Xiao Yan instructed.

"Don't worry, I'm a little bit stronger than you think." After Yu Ran finished speaking, she flew directly into the competitive mountain range, ready to start fighting The two had just poured into the competitive mountain range, Immediately suspended above the mountain range, there was no rush to make a move.

"Hey, she's actually a little beauty, it really surprised me." The one who fought against Yu Ran Ran was the Bingling of the Ice Soul Hall among the eight major forces in Leicheng!

"Stop talking nonsense, or show your real strength, otherwise..." Yu Ran Ran said to Bingling from a height below zero.

The strengths of Yu Ran Ran and Bing Ling are both in the late stage of the Two Star Fighting Immortals. They have the same strength, the only difference is their attributes. The rushing rain is of the wind attribute, while the ice mausoleum is of the ice attribute. It is hard to say which is stronger or weaker.

"Wouldn't it be a pity if such an attractive little beauty was obliterated by me?"

"It's not that you admit defeat as soon as possible and become a second-room girl for me, so that I can destroy flowers." A hint of evil appeared on Bingling's face.

"Shameless child, die!"

"Wind Eagle Bunch!" Being provoked like this, Yu Ran Ran was not at all displeased, but instead of talking nonsense with Bing Ling, she directly launched a tyrannical attack.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The cyan vindictive qi slowly formed around his body, and circles of cyan hurricanes about a hundred feet in size suddenly emerged in the void, and a hawk croak continued to resound over the mountains.

"Go!" The next moment, under Yu Ran's subtle control, the cyan hurricane turned into a 100-meter-sized eagle, whizzing away at the ice mausoleum. The momentum was so strong that it actually stimulated the space with a sound. The sound of breaking wind.

. m.