Chapter 188: Mid-Illusion!

The white wolf in the space was a statue at first, but after Mu Feng's means, the gravel shattered, and it was a lifelike white wolf without a breath.

When the black air mass controlled the white wolf's body, a powerful aura also emanated. The white wolf was majestic at this time, with a layer of black aura surrounding his white hair.

"Why does this white wolf feel like it's alive?" Mu Feng also found something wrong, because Mu Feng found that when Xiao Yan was talking to the black air mass in the air, the black air mass was vaguely moving towards the space. The white wolf is gone!

The strength of this black air mass also did not pose a threat to the three of them, but out of caution, Mu Feng also looked at the white wolf vigilantly.

Seeing that the white wolf in front of him seemed to be moving, Mu Feng immediately smiled and said, "Come on, I have subdued and eliminated demons for so many years. Today is the first time I have encountered a ghost like you. This time, I will let you use it. So that you can see how good I am."

"Let's see if I can force you out of your original shape." Mu Feng flexed his hands, and the blue-colored fighting qi instantly covered his whole body, and then spread out like a wave in an instant.

Mu Feng also knew that the three of them were also a small team at this time, so they did not dare to let Xiao Yan fight alone, so he took the initiative to step forward. Seeing this, Xiao Yan just wanted to say something, but he looked at the white wolf in front of him. What are you thinking about.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

With Xiao Yan's powerful soul perception, it is naturally not difficult to find out that although this white wolf has intelligence, his pupils don't seem to be quite right...

Mu Feng's attack soon came into contact with the black gas covering the white wolf's body, and the air was suddenly filled with a strange sound of "Squeak!", very startling.

On the huge wolf head on the white wolf covered in black qi, a pair of beast pupils slowly exudes a different color.

The black gas and the blue light, madly eroding each other, started a battle in mid-air, and faced each other in an instant.

At this time, the white wolf covered by the black air mass was suddenly full of spirituality. The wolf's mouth was wide open, several feet in size. It opened its mouth and cracked its teeth. It was very fierce.

The two black fangs in the white wolf's mouth formed a sharp contrast with the fur on the outside of the white wolf. They danced staggeredly from left to right, sandwiched by black rays of light, with a ghostly energy soaring to the sky, very powerful.

In mid-air, a thunderous wolf howled, the sound was as if it was about to tear the sky apart, and it opened its huge mouth fiercely and rushed towards Mu Feng.

That situation was like a black cloud pressing down, instantly appearing above Mu Feng's head, not giving him a chance to dodge.

Then a strange scene appeared.

At the moment when the black brilliance appeared, the huge beast pupils of the white wolf were also staring at Yue Ru, Mu Feng and Xiao Yan!

The previous attack of the white wolf seemed to be just for this bait!

Mu Feng and Yueru were also bewildered by this strange black brilliance, and fell into sluggishness.

Actually, it's not to blame the two of them. After all, they are not as cautious as Xiao Yan, but Xiao Yan can always inspire the soul power to protect his soul realm, so there is no white wolf's way.

"Illusion?" A surprised voice sounded inside Xiao Yan's body.

It was the voice of his master, the Golden Dragon King.

"Illusion?" Xiao Yan also muttered to himself, the moment he was stared at by the white wolf beast's pupils, he just felt a faint faint in his mind, and then it disappeared in a flash.

"Well, I didn't expect this ghost to know illusion."

"The so-called illusion is a method of attacking people's spiritual power or soul power, through their own powerful soul power or spiritual power, and some seemingly inadvertent but hidden movements, sounds, movements, drugs or objects to make the other party fall into the spirit. In a trance state, all kinds of hallucinations occur." The Golden Dragon King also said.

"Is there any harm in this?"

"It stands to reason that the power of this ghost is low, so it will not cause any harm, and the level of this illusion is too low. As long as you defeat this ghost, the illusion will naturally be self-defeating." The Golden Dragon King and Xiao Yan also talked.

The two they saw were blocked and fell into a coma. Xiao Yan's eyes were instantly extremely cold, and a violent terrifying flame burst out suddenly.

Since the two of them were unconscious, then they can show their skills against this white wolf by themselves.

The fiery red giant dragon that had been entrenched above his head shook slightly, and suddenly attacked the white wolf at ten times the speed in an instant.

"It shouldn't be, how could you..." The originally sluggish White Wolf also acquired intelligence after the black air mass settled in, and then looked at Xiao Yan and said in surprise, how come this human boy doesn't have his own way.

At that moment, the entire cave trembled slightly, and countless dusts fell from all around.

The hard stone walls in the cave were all shattered by the shock of the fiery red giant dragon, which instantly turned into dust and slowly fell.

The white wolf covered with black gas moved its huge body, and the next moment, the huge wolf head was about to be pressed on top of Xiao Yan's head.

Trying to eat Xiao Yan in one bite!

I saw Xiao Yan's fiery red giant dragon suddenly speeding up and spinning, and the milky white light formed a beam of light that shot directly at the huge black wolf head.

At the same time, in the huge wolf head, two black light and shadows instantly emitted two powerful black brilliance, which confronted the red beam of light.

The black brilliance was very powerful, and in the blink of an eye, the fiery red dragon above Xiao Yan's head was pressed down.

Xiao Yan's face was slightly cold at this time, and he gently stroked the ring on his finger, and then the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire also appeared in Xiao Yan's hand.

Afterwards, Xiao Yan's vindictiveness was also aroused to the extreme, and a monstrous atmosphere erupted. Suddenly, the fiery red dragon above his head reappeared, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand was also exuding incomparably hot temperature, resisting the black brilliance.

Xiao Yan held the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in both hands, then looked at the white wolf in front of him, and said solemnly, "The flame divides the wave!"

I saw Xiao Yan interlaced his hands slightly The fiery red aura around his body suddenly spun violently.

In just a blink of an eye, the light from the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire, like two blue dragons, kept spinning and interlacing, wrapping the huge black wolf head and spinning rapidly.

The blue dragon turned faster and faster, with the wolf's head roaring in horror, spinning in mid-air. At the same time, the fiery red giant dragon above Xiao Yan's head also flashed an incomparably bright red glow, frantically burning the black air mass, slowly destroying its layers of protection and eroding its body.

The black giant wolf head slowly dimmed and became smaller under the rotation of the ancient ruler and awn of the different fire constant, turning into a blue dragon, gradually revealing its original appearance.

The frightened and angry voice in the white wolf's body was particularly harsh at this moment.

The two fangs of the white wolf had already run out of energy at this time, and they were attacked by Xiao Yan's radiant ancient ruler, and they returned to its body in a flash.

Xiao Yan also quietly looked at the white wolf in front of him. The black qi from the white wolf also escaped, obviously it couldn't stand Xiao Yan's strange fire.

Slowly, the black qi that controlled the white wolf also revealed its true colors.

At the same time, in the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest, Mu Le smiled and stared into the distance, muttering bitterly in his mouth: "What about Xiao Yan, what about the new king, as long as you dare to come to this Infernal Corpse Forest? The third floor, we will count together the new hatred and the old hatred!"

Next to Mueller, there are the ghosts of the secluded spring and the ghostly ghosts!

Ask for a ticket~