Chapter 262: Complete body evil!

"It's really brave!"

"When the time comes, don't..." Mu Yingying also bit her lip slightly, obviously annoyed by Xiao Yan's words.

In the sky, the battle is still going on, but people with discerning eyes also know that this battle has entered the final stage.

The immortal sword in the hand of the Nine Soul Stele kept bursting with dazzling rays of light, and in conjunction with the extremely tyrannical purification power of some owners, it attacked the evil spirits, causing the evil spirits to retreat.

On the side, Tianhuo Shengyan, Hu Du and Wu Jiang are assisting the Nine Souls Monument, because whenever the Nine Souls Monument attacks, it is weak and short-term to gather energy for the Immortal Sword. After all, this Immortal Sword is powerful, but it is broken. With the protection of the three of them, the Nine Soul Monument also has a chance to breathe.

As for Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying, they were floating in the sky, outside the battle.

"Why is this evil evil always defending and not attacking..." The Nine Soul Stele also discovered that no matter how he attacked, he couldn't hit the evil spirit's body, as if his attack had been resolved by the evil evil...

"How could this woman have that kind of power?"

"Impossible..." Yin Xie was also violently tumbling in his heart at this time.

Then, with the appearance of Mu Yingying, the heart hidden under the black energy in Yin Xie's body also began to beat even more violently!

As if seeing something!

"Damn, stop for me!" Yin Xie was also shocked at this time!

The heart in the body is not evil, because the body of evil is ghosts, so they can't cultivate the body, and they can't condense the body, but they can use the human body to attach to it and make them stronger. Diligent.

Therefore, the appearance of the woman in white that Xiao Yan had seen before was the body of the evil evil, a human woman's body. Although the strength of the female in white was extremely weak, it was fortunate that this body was quite consistent with the evil, so she was sealed away. At that time, Yin Xie tried to assimilate the white-clothed woman, but the obsession in the white-clothed woman's heart was too persistent, so Yin Xie had no choice.

But later, after the woman in white gave Xiao Yan a support, that obsession was suppressed, but it was unexpected that when Mu Yingying appeared, the obsession in her heart became more and more obsessive!

"Damn it, stop me!" Yin Xie couldn't help but scolded, and then no matter what Yin Xie was, his heart was beating violently.

Then a few people from the Nine Souls Stele saw that the ghost energy on the body of Yin Xie gradually became extremely illusory, and slowly revealed the appearance of a woman...

"It's actually a woman..." Tianhuo Shengyan was also surprised, apparently not expecting that this shocking twin ghost emperor was actually a woman.

The woman was dressed in a white dress, but her cheeks were covered by a black aura. The most striking thing was that on the woman's chest, a mass of white energy was beating violently.

"Ah ah ah!" Yin Xie also made a tragic cry.

"What's the matter..." Xiao Yan also murmured, obviously not knowing the current situation.

"This Mu Yingying's body is really not simple..."

"The appearance of Yin Xie should be related to Mu Yingying. As for the white energy on the Yin Xie's chest, I guess if it is correct, it is the obsession of the woman in white you saw before..."

"It's the heart..." The Golden Dragon King's voice echoed in Xiao Yan's mind.

"There seems to be something between this woman in white and Mu Yingying..." Xiao Yan also muttered.

Mu Yingying on the side, bit her lips slightly, then stared blankly at the white energy on Yin Xie's chest, only to see that the silver jewelry above Mu Yingying's head suddenly radiated extremely dazzling light...

"what is that……"

"How can there be such a warm feeling..." Mu Yingying said softly, with a lot of confusion in her voice.

"Be careful, what the **** is this evil doing..." The Nine Soul Monument also said in a low voice.

"Hahaha!"

"Originally, this evil spirit hasn't assimilated this body, but now is your last chance..."

"Hongye, get ready to do it!" After Youquan finished speaking, he also slowly raised the aura in his body.

"Lord Yinxie..." The ghost ghost and Mueller finally arrived, and then the ghost ghost also saw the screaming sinister in the sky and shouted loudly.

"Mueller, you bring our people and the people of Honggu to clear all the human beings on the ground, and I will help Lord Yinxie!"

"Yeah." Mueller also agreed. Although he didn't know the current situation, the terrifying and evil aura emanating from the evil in the sky was undoubtedly much stronger than Mueller himself, so Mueller also agreed. road.

"Kill me!"

"Those who block adults, kill without mercy!" Mueller also stared at the humans on the ground, and then said hideously.

"Kill!" After Mueller finished speaking, the ghosts surrounded by black and ghostly aura also attacked the humans on the ground frantically!

With the advent of the Infernal Corpse, Muller's strength has also increased to the middle stage of the four-star Dou Emperor, and the strength of the ghost ghost has also increased to the level of the five-star Dou Emperor!

"Damn, so many powerful ghosts!" Mu Feng was the first to notice the ghosts attacking them. He immediately took out his wooden sword and broke the restriction beside Yueyu, and then his expression was solemn. Look at the ghost in front of you.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Because from his perception, the strength of these ghosts is comparable to that of a four-star human fighting emperor, and there are other ghosts that are comparable to the peak of a four-star human fighting emperor!

At the same time, Qiu Huoniao, Luo Guang and others were also facing the attack of ghosts, and immediately had to give up the battle in the sky and concentrate on dealing with the attack in front of them.

"Mu Yingying, are you alright..." Xiao Yan also asked tentatively, but waited for Xiao Yan's silence.

"Damn it..." Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, looking at the Yin corpse not far away, and then a thought came into his mind.

"Four seniors help me..."

"One minute!" Xiao Yan also said.

After he finished speaking, he closed his eyes, almost terrifying forces were constantly converging in Xiao Yan's body.

"Okay!"

"What is this kid doing..." Jiuhun Monument and Wu Jiang were also puzzled, but looking at Xiao Yan's movements, they didn't ask any further questions, and attacked the corpse that was still screaming in front of him!

"Hahaha!"

At this time, the screams of the corpse also gradually weakened. I saw that the laughter of the corpse was even more terrifying at this time, but the white energy in the chest was slowly being swallowed by the corpse.

"It's been so many years..."

"You should be at ease too..."

"Humans don't have a good thing, Jiu, let me slaughter all the unscrupulous people for you..." With the hideous laughter of the corpse, the white energy in the chest also slowly disappeared, and finally became the power of the corpse itself.

"Hahaha!"

"Xie Yin, I don't know where you died..."

"But I don't need you anymore, because I have assimilated her..."

"I, the twin ghost emperors are back!" An extremely roaring voice echoed throughout the Infernal Corpse Forest.

As the evil spirits devoured all the obsessions of the white-clothed woman, her strength was like a natural breakthrough to the eighth-rank Ghost Emperor!

The twin ghost emperors who are comparable to the eight-star fighting emperors of human beings!

Ask for tickets!