Chapter Vol 4 1679: 0 Hard work will eventually lead to inflammation!

"Junior thanked the Spirit of Holy Flame!" Xiao Yan heard the words, unable to calm down for a long time, and said with trembling palms.

Xiao Yan's soul force told himself that the strength of the Holy Flame Spirit in front of him was unfathomable, and he was definitely not able to handle it. If this guy was protecting the Holy Flame, even if Xiao Yan tried his best, the odds of winning would be slim, but fortunately this guy did not in this way.

"Although you have several kinds of holy flames, your mission is also quite heavy." After a while, Xiao Zhuoma said meaningfully.

"Since he is the master of the holy flame, the younger generation will naturally know." Xiao Yan smiled slightly, obviously the fire of immortality was in front of him, and it was difficult to hide his joy.

"Okay, not much nonsense."

"But do you know, what is the Holy Flame of Undying Fire?" Looking at Xiao Yan in such a state, Xiao Zhuoma smiled slightly. As for the little beast, it was quite docile and quietly crawling behind him. Quite ferocious, and the origin is extremely mysterious.

"Immortal fire, known as immortality and immortality, is the seventeenth-ranked flame in the Holy Flame List in the Great Thousand Worlds." Xiao Yan responded slightly, obviously even Xiao Yan's cognition and understanding of immortal fire are only limited to Only this, but even so, it cannot stop the terrifying power of this holy flame.

"The Holy Tan of the Undying Fire is the habitat of the Undying Fire. When the top 20 holy flames in the holy flame list are born, they will turn the space of a hundred miles into dust, so they need a special space to carry their destructive power."

"As the Spirit of Holy Flame, I am a human chosen by the undead fire, and I am responsible for guarding it from generation to generation, because it also gives me the mysterious power of immortality and immortality."

"There are many treasures in the Holy Tan of the Undying. Every time it is opened, it will bring a large number of plunderers. In addition, there is the King of the Undying Sparrow at the core of the Holy Tan of Undying. He entered here by chance and coveted Undying. Fire, so the five-finger mountain formation and towering ancient trees surrounding the holy flame were set up by me to protect the holy flame."

"The fire of immortality is the fire of heaven and earth. After controlling it, it can be immortal and immortal." Xiao Zhuoma explained patiently.

"Immortal... indestructible?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and immediately spoke with a sigh of relief. The words immortality and immortality seemed to contain great magic power, which was far beyond Xiao Yan's understanding.

"Immortal and inextinguishable is the true meaning of undead fire, but I have guarded it for thousands of years, and I haven't fully understood it. I hope you can crack it." Xiao Zhuoma shook his head and said.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded solemnly.

"Come out." As soon as the voice fell, a gleam of brilliance appeared on the palm of Xiao Zhuoma's palm, and suddenly in the dark giant pit below, a gray giant egg with crystal silver and antimony transparent slowly emerged.

"Pfft puff!" As the gray giant egg appeared in front of Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan's body Fen Jue and Sheng Yan's heart were beating violently. The power of the heart palpitations came from the giant egg in front of him.

"What is stored here is the immortal fire." Little Zhuoma looked at the gray dome in front of him with complicated eyes and said.

The gray dome is oval in shape as a whole, with mysterious lines on it like dragon-shaped phoenix tails, which set it off like an ancient creature, but it was this fluctuation that made Xiao Yan's heart tremble.

In this dome, there is immortal fire!

It is the immortal fire that is said to be immortal!

"In this place, there is the fire of immortality." Seeing Xiao Yan's fiery gaze, Xiao Zhuoma spoke again.

"Immortal fire..." Xiao Yan heard the words, the corners of his mouth could not help becoming dry, and immediately above the palm, khaki and cyan holy flame crystals emerged at the same time.

Searching for the holy flame is a major event, and after finding the holy flame, the only way to devour the holy flame is to obtain the holy flame's approval and obtain the holy flame crystal.

These three steps are indispensable, and it is enough to spend hundreds of years for a strong person to find the holy flame, not to mention the qualification of swallowing the holy flame.

And most importantly, how many human beings can endure the inhuman torture that they will experience in the middle of swallowing the holy flame.

It is these many predicaments that have created the supreme status of Sheng Yan.

"You already have three holy flames, I don't need to say more about the others, right?" Seeing Xiao Yan's move, Xiao Zhuoma did not stop him.

"Undying Fire... Damaged?" After a while, Xiao Yan's figure approached the gray dome, but suddenly asked.

"I have no idea."

"I have guarded it for thousands of years, but since the Lord of the Soul returned it to me, I found that it didn't seem to be right, but once I checked, the source of holy flame was not damaged, so I can only use it It is temporarily sealed here, and this is also to protect it." Little Dolma wondered.

"Could it be that the Lord of Li Soul did something to it?"

"For example, this is a fake holy flame?" Xiao Yan frowned.

"impossible."

"Holy flames are wonders of heaven and earth. Except for the top-ranked artifacts in the world and the powerhouses who have stepped into the highest realm, no one can shake them."

"And even the Lord of Li Soul can't forge or even destroy it."

"I think the undead fire should have been frightened or fell into a deep sleep." Xiao Zhuoma's delicate face shook slightly and shook her head.

"Hey, no matter what, I really have a relationship with you." After some inquiries were fruitless, Xiao Yan also gave up the inquiry and said directly to the gray dome in front of him with a smile.

"Go ahead."

"Undying fire is different from other holy flames. Once it is recognized, the holy flame crystal will fall off my forehead. At that time, you will be qualified to swallow."

"As for whether you can succeed or not, it depends on your personal fortune Little Dolma's little finger pointed at the holy flame crystal on her forehead and smiled.

"In terms of fighting spirit, I hope senior can help me take care of one or two, Xiao Yan must be grateful." Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"Well, let's go." As soon as the voice fell, Xiao Zhuoma suddenly flicked his fingers, and Xiao Yan's figure instantly disappeared into the gray dome.

"Little guy, do you think it will be successful?" Looking at the fighting spirits in the sky that are constantly being destroyed and reborn, Little Zhuoma smiled while stroking his face.

"Jump!" For a while, at the bottom of the void, a green figure suddenly stepped on some branches and made a sound.

"Broken." The Heisha Dragon Wolf just wanted to follow Xiao Yan into the gray dome, but was rejected by him and couldn't enter it. He wanted to get closer to the dome to find out, but he was not careful and made a sound.

"Boom boom boom!" Little Zhuoma's gentle eyes became fierce, and a gray chain of fire roared away at him.

"Hey..." The Heishan Longlang shook his head helplessly, and immediately his body turned into a green light and disappeared here.

"A clone... You can run fast, but this power doesn't seem to be the breath of humans and ghosts."

"Monster world powerhouse?" With the disappearance of this guy, Xiao Zhuoma couldn't help but wonder.

At this moment, Xiao Yan just overcame many obstacles and entered the final step of the immortal fire!