Chapter Vol 4 1501: The situation of Tianming Mountain Villa!

With the start of the Demon Suppression Prison competition, several months have passed by this time, and the interior of Tianming Mountain Villa, who is responsible for monitoring this time, is also experiencing quite strange things.

Inside Tianming Villa, there is an elegant house. There are many elegant buildings here, which are quite quiet, and the front is extremely large. It is the residence of some strong people in Tianming Villa.

At this time, in the pavilion above the elegant building, a man slowly sat and stood in it. The tyrannical aura showed that this person's status was not low. The man sat and stood slowly, as if waiting for something.

"Where's the villa master?" After a while, the man asked as he looked at the attendant who was slowly approaching from the depths of the Yalou.

"Tianlao, the owner of the village has not seen anyone these days, so please come back." The young servant's position is low, and his strength is weak, so he naturally dare not argue with Tianlao, but when Tianlao comes, the former I went to ask the owner of the village if he received him, but he didn't see the owner.

"Don't see anyone?"

"What happened to the lord?"

"Ever since the Demon Suppression Prison Competition began, the village owner and several high-ranking powerhouses in the village have been behind closed doors. What the **** is going on?" Tian Lao heard the words, and immediately asked slowly in his heart.

He is solely in charge of this Demon Suppression Prison Competition. As this time began, he vaguely received information that the Hidden Soul Society and the Soul Hall powerhouses had mixed into the Demon Suppression Prison. Therefore, he wanted to find these high-ranking powerhouses in the village to discuss countermeasures. , but they all stayed behind closed doors, either sick or closed, which made Tian Lao quite puzzled.

"Sir, please come back." The attendant Zaidu said.

"En." Tian Lao nodded slowly, and then left towards the Yalou, but Tian Lao's strength was so tyrannical, he seemed to leave, but he secretly followed the little attendant.

"If something goes wrong, there must be a monster. I'm afraid that something happened to the village master." He hid his figure in the void, and then gently followed the little attendant towards the depths.

"How's it going?" After a while, the little attendant walked around in the elegant building and came to a courtyard. Suddenly, a thin-faced man asked.

"Master Zuo, Tian Lao has already left." The little attendant immediately calmed down when he heard the words, and then spoke slowly.

"Okay, let's go down."

"Remember that anyone asked to see the villa master, but none of them were seen." Master Zuo said.

"Yes." The attendant replied, and left here after speaking.

"Samurai?"

"This guy is the first guard of the villa master of Tianmingwang. With such a fierce aura, could it be that something happened to the villa master?" Tian Lao, who was hiding in the dark, couldn't help but murmured.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"Cough cough..."

"Zuo Mu, who wants to see me?" After a short while, there was a coughing sound from the house in the courtyard, followed by an old voice.

"Reporting to the village owner, it was the old man who asked to see him. He was nervous, and he seemed to have something to discuss with the village owner, but he was persuaded by his subordinates." Zuo Mu said slowly.

"God old?"

"Isn't he in charge of this Demon Suppression Prison match?"

"He came to look for me in such a hurry. I'm afraid something happened during the competition. I sent someone to pick him up. I want to see him." The old voice in the house said with a faint breath.

"Can not be done……"

"The owner of your body, if someone else takes the lead, the consequences will be disastrous."

"Tianming Villa can't lose you." Zuo Mu was shocked when he heard the words.

"Don't worry, the powerhouses in Tianming Villa are all excellent, and they won't be mixed in by the powerhouses of the Hidden Soul Society and Soul Palace, don't worry." After a while, a voice came from the house. .

"No." Zuo Mu heard the words, his face slowly sank, and he refused.

"Tian Lao, come out." After a while, a strange voice came from the house.

"Crash." As the voice fell, the figure of Tian Lao suddenly emerged from the void.

"Tian Lao, you trespassed inside Tianming Villa, this is a capital crime." Looking at Tian Lao in front of him, Zuo Mu couldn't help but his eyes slowly jumped.

He Zuomu was instructed by the master of the plane to do his best to protect the King of Pluto, so during the time when King of the Pluto was injured, naturally he would not let anyone approach him, even a powerful man like Tianlao, No, after all, their own strength is not tyrannical, and if they have any dissent, I am afraid that the situation of the king of heaven will be in jeopardy.

"You are injured...and the injury is not light." Tian Lao just appeared, and there was a hint of heaviness on his face. Obviously, the strength of Tianming King can be said to be the top strength of the entire Tianming Villa at this time, so strong All were injured.

"At the beginning of the Demon Suppression Prison, I received information that the Hidden Soul in the Dust Sea will join forces with the powerhouses of the Soul Palace, so I brought a few powerhouses from our villa to try to find out."

"However, when we entered the Sea of ​​Dust a few kilometers below the sea, we were suddenly attacked by the Hidden Soul Society and the Soul Palace. At the depth of one thousand meters of the Sea of ​​Dust, a few of us lost to them and were seriously injured."

"Since then, we have stayed behind closed doors and concentrated on healing." The voice of the King of Pluto emerged from the house.

"No way, the villa master, you are the strength of the Six-Star Fighting Immortals, how could you..." In an instant, Tian Lao's voice was extremely heavy.

"The depths of the sea of ​​​​dust are too strong for our strength, and the hidden soul will join forces with the powerhouse of the soul hall, so this is the reason."

"However, as a price, the top powerhouses of their two forces were also injured by me, and they won't take action for a while, so the guys who entered the Demon Suppression Prison are at best only the perfect strength of the three-star fighting immortals, so there is nothing to be afraid of. "Heaven Pluto opened his mouth. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Since that's the case then I'm relieved."

"Can I do anything?" Tian Lao said solemnly.

"No need for the time being." Heavenly Pluto said.

"If that's the case, then I'll go down." Tian Lao heard the words and nodded slowly.

"Recently, there is something wrong with the sealing power of the poisonous demon puppet. In addition, the ancient Qiankun formation that seals her lacks the formation stone, so pay more attention." After a while, the King of Pluto spoke up.

"En." When Tian Lao heard the words, he nodded slowly, and then slowly stepped back.

"Zhuang Zhu, what Tian Lao did this day..." As Tian Lao left, Zuo Mu frowned and said in doubt.

"As I said, the interior of our Tianming Villa is so strict that even the Soul Palace cannot penetrate here."

"What we need to worry about now is to prevent the Hidden Soul Society and the powerful soul hall from joining forces to release the Poison Temple Demon Empress. After all, because the top powerhouses of their two forces were forced back, the power inside our villa is already very limited. The Demon Empress Shake is out of trouble, I'm afraid this will be a disaster for us as a whole Yinhuntian." In the house, the voice of Pluto was extremely heavy, and every time he said the Demon Empress of Poison Sha, even if she was stronger than him, it was a palpitation. .

After all, although the two are both Six-Star Fighting Immortals, if they really fight against each other, they are definitely not the opponents of the Poisonous Demon Empress.

"I'll go down and be alert." After Zuo Mu finished speaking, he also slowly left here and got busy.

"Damn, the strength and attack methods of this Soul Hall powerhouse are really getting more and more difficult." As the calm here was restored, Tian Wang Ming couldn't help cursing.

It's just that although they went to the sea of ​​dust before and caused many strong people in the villa to be seriously injured, they forcibly killed many strong people from the Hidden Soul Society and the Soul Palace, so the remaining strong people in the Soul Palace may only enter the Demon Suppression. There are dozens of guys in the prison who are less than four-star fighting immortals.

"Pfft."