Chapter Vol 4 1939: The danger of the demon world!

"I don't like this demon world, because it has the aura of the demon emperor that disgusts me, so... let's destroy it." An unusually loud voice, like a demon from hell, shook the ancient battlefield. The countless monsters in the midst, with that level of power, drove the countless thick evil black qi to burst out from the glorious hall. In a few moments, all the ten battlefields in the ancient battlefield were destroyed. The void is completely shrouded in captivity!

At this moment, the sun was obscured, and the invasion of evil aura could not help but temporarily stop the battle in the entire ancient battlefield. emerge.

Once the Demon Temple is completely shattered, I am afraid that the Red King will also see the light of day again. By then, I am afraid...

"This... what kind of power is this?"

"No, the Night King of the Dark Night Demon Prison is broken!"

"The army is back on defense!" In an instant, looking at this extremely evil fluctuation, whether it was the White Bone Demon King or the Tianxiong Tyrant, the expressions of the two changed slightly, and they immediately mobilized the army behind them to face the dark night where the Demon Prison was located. The void surrounded them, and even the deeply hidden strategic powerhouse behind the two was invited out together.

At this time, even if they had a lot of differences, they had to temporarily truce. After all, the Night King was at the Red King level among the evil races outside the territory!

When the Demon Emperor was still there, the Demon Emperor killed and suppressed him by himself, but both of them are strong men who have survived the tribulation of reincarnation, and they are more than one level!

On the other hand, here, whether it is the White Bone Demon King or the Tianxiong Tyrant, although there are a few reincarnation powerhouses behind the two, the strongest person has only survived the double reincarnation calamity. This kind of powerhouse is like the Night King. Compared, the difference is too big.

"Damn it... What the **** is going on here?" At this moment, the Tianxiong tyrant, surrounded by countless monster beast legions behind him, took the lead to the final battlefield, watching the water and fire stand in the sky. The more and more condensed and terrifying figure, the voice became melancholy and slightly.

"My lord, in this situation, I am afraid that only by joining forces with the White Bone Demon King will there be a chance of survival." The bloodscale sage whispered softly. This situation has exceeded the scope of what they can handle, but it is obviously not the case now. Think about the reasons why the Night King Town Demon Prison is submerged.

"This guy's power, I am afraid that under the seal of the Suppressing Demon Prison, not only has there been no regression, but some progress. In my opinion, now his power has reached the triple reincarnation realm or even stronger."

"In addition to the fact that Fire and Water Shuangsha was only in the middle stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal, the countless years of seals actually made the strength of the two skyrocket to the late stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal..."

"Huhu, they are really tricky guys." For a while, behind the two figures, a rugged old man with white hair and a very dignified expression looked at the increasingly bright and thick Night King in the demon hall. And the two Shuangsha around him, said solemnly.

And around him, a slightly weak green demonic energy slowly formed on his body, blocking the spread of evil energy. That kind of aura was appalling.

That is reincarnation!

And just from this breath, this guy is definitely the strongest who has survived the tribulation of reincarnation!

"At the beginning, after the Demon Emperor was suppressed, many elites followed him, among them, the reincarnation powerhouses were the main ones. Because of their serious injuries, they were also in retreat. Now without the summons of the Demon Emperor, they probably won't wake up easily. Therefore, with the power we have now torn apart the demon world, it is not enough to fight against a red king." Suddenly, the old man opened his mouth and said, struggling violently from the devil's palace, even if the Dark Night King who broke out of the seal, even if It was his double reincarnation realm that also smelled a wave of heart palpitations.

The power of the Night King is definitely not comparable to himself!

"Old Scorpion, now..." Looking at such a serious scene, Tianxiong Tyrant asked the old man respectfully, the second-level reincarnation realm Scorpion Old, this is the last background of Tianxiong Tyrant, but other than that, his There are still a few figures around, and their strength has basically just stepped into reincarnation!

The three reincarnations and the five eight-star fighting immortals are even close to consummation!

Such a terrifying lineup is the true heritage of the Tianxiong tyrant!

"They're here." When asked by one of them, Old Scorpion didn't answer, but slowly stared at the other side of the sky, where the void instantly exploded, and one after another strong men with monstrous demon energy came from the sky. .

It was the elite troops of the White Bone Demon King.

"Huhu, old monster scorpion, I haven't seen you for a long time, you are still so old and strong."

"Elder Monkey is also majestic."

"..."

"The five reincarnations are really terrifying." After a while, Old Scorpion gave a slight look, looking at the old man with a pale face like a monkey, and said softly.

"It seems that this time, we can join forces again. Since the first world war, we haven't really joined forces. I really miss it." The old monkey smiled and seemed to have a desperate consciousness.

"Huhu... It seems that they are all here."

"Welcome to my king!" In an instant, seeing the arrival of the top powerhouses around Tianxiong Tyrant and White Bone Demon King, the Water and Fire Demon King sneered at the same time, and immediately the overwhelming demonic energy swept out, so the magnificent demon temple behind him was set off extremely strange. , Vaguely, the void is twisted, as if the temple will be completely broken at any time!

Even if the reincarnation powerhouses in front of them exist, the water and fire are not afraid, because behind them is the Night King!

"Boom!" With a loud voice, countless golden Sanskrit words shone brightly in the Demon Temple, as if they were doing their best to suppress the Night King, but the good times didn't last long. In an instant, the sound of countless cracks cracking and shattering filled the air, and all of a sudden, it was completely shattered here.

"Are you all here?" The Demon Temple was completely shattered, and the figure of the Night King slowly stepped on the sky, standing at a height below zero, looking down at the many powerhouses in front of him like a master. That kind of aura is unmatched!

"Weng Om!" At the same time, a smear of evil black energy that surpassed the heavens and the earth, directly rendered this piece of heaven and earth into a dark and haunted place like hell!

Yin wind roars, and countless evils dance in the sky, like a real purgatory furnace. Those scenes are truly dumbfounding.

"Since they're all here... let's die together." The Night King said with a light smile. On his hair, there was an awe-inspiring force, which set off his long hair extremely bloody, and his slender fingers were even straight. Above the body, a fierce force vented out.

"Joining together, we must not let this devil's attack fall, otherwise our demon world will be indifferent!"

"Heavenly Magic!"

"..."

"Ten thousand yuan demon light!" Tianxiong Tyrant and White Bone Demon King said together, and the two powerhouses directly exerted their internal strength to the limit and roared away at the Night King!

Dozens of demonic auras with completely different powers were killing the Night King. The power contained in them changed the color of the sky and the earth. Countless cracks, big and small, burst open instantly because they could not bear the attack of this power. , this place is empty, completely collapsed.

"It's all about ants." Looking at the reincarnation of all of you, the Night King smiled lazily, a sneer appeared on the corner of his mouth, and then his palm was slowly raised, a touch thick enough to drown the entire world. The **** demonic aura of the ten thousand feet, slowly shot at the crowd!

In an instant, the wind was surging, and countless powers were intertwined into gorgeous fireworks, resounding in this crumbling night sky of the Demon Prison Realm.