Chapter Vol 4 1203: Molten Inferno

This formation is called Molten Purgatory, which Xiao Yan realized by himself. The place surrounded by the formation is a world of red flames and molten lava. It is filled with the purifying power of holy flames.

At this time, on the altar wrapped by the formation, it has turned into a red lava world, but this is only the first step of lava purgatory. According to Xiao Yan's guess, if you want to completely perfect this lava purgatory, I am afraid This flame will turn blue-yellow, and at that time, I am afraid that it is not difficult to trap some ordinary one-star two-star fighting immortals just by this formation.

But obviously, at this time, the 27,000 array patterns are not enough to display the full power of the lava purgatory, but with the help of the semi-finished product at this time, it is enough to deal with the injured guard.

As the master of the formation, Xiao Yan is naturally quite easy to control the molten formation. The enemy is the sinner, and the formation is repelled by the formation. Shuiyue and the others are friends, so the formation is not right. its threatening.

"Little bastard, what the **** is this molten slurry!" The criminal guard just spewed out a mouthful of blood, and his aura was weakened, and he could vaguely feel that his strength had suddenly dropped to the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian, and he had not even stopped. The sign, and then stared at Xiao Yan with gloomy eyes.

"Aren't you looking for something in this molten slurry?" Xiao Yan sneered, his voice echoing in all directions in the formation.

It can be said without hesitation that this formation has been completely stabilized by Xiao Yan's 27,000 core formation patterns. Unless the criminal guard regains his peak strength, he will not be able to escape. Although Xiao Yan's strength is weak , but with the blessing of the formation and holy flame, it is not difficult to obliterate this sinner with evil power.

After all, after all, the power of holy flame is the biggest nemesis of its evil power.

"Ten thousand fires, who will compete with each other!" A majestic voice sounded slowly, and a burst of red lava suddenly gathered around Xiao Yan and flowed slowly around him. In the lava, not only Xiao Yan's battle Immortal power, and even has some other powers.

"This guy's formation is so strong, I'm afraid it's not a finished product." As a human with a high status in the Holy See, Liu Qing naturally saw some hidden things in the red lava around Xiao Yan at a glance.

The red lava actually gave Liu Qing an inexplicable pressure. You must know that Liu Qing has a light element, plus he has a lot of knowledge, and this feeling is only at the core of the Holy See. encountered.

However, the most central place of their Holy See, the thing stored is a holy flame. Even Liu Qing's background and strength have only been touched once, but the fluctuation above the holy flame can't be faked.

It was a rather strange power, and that power was a deadly threat to the criminal guards.

"You shouldn't, you shouldn't, you shouldn't be contaminated with the aura of a foreign evil clan, otherwise, the two-star fighting immortal is still irresistible to me, but it's a pity."

"Since it has become a moth that endangers the world, then it should disappear completely from this moment." Xiao Yan's voice was like a Sanskrit, and it was slowly passed through the lava purgatory. The fiery red lava spread out from around him in a strange wave like a water wave.

"Not good!" And when the weak guard saw Xiao Yan's body red lava spread in a strange wave, a touch of fear from the depths of his soul swept his body.

"This is..." Yu Xiaoye and Shuiyue on the side looked at the sky, they were like flame kings, their gestures were filled with the power of destroying the sky and the earth, and they couldn't help whispering.

"On this guy!"

"There are definitely fluctuations of holy flames!" At this moment, seeing only a trace of khaki flames emerging from the fiery red lava on Xiao Yan's body, Liu Qing's lips showed a seductive smile. .

Liu Qing's status in the Holy See can be said to be extremely high. This time, he left the Holy See to experience and collect holy flames.

After all, when Liu Qing left the Holy See, there was a powerful prophecy in their Holy See that the second World War was coming, and Sheng Yan was the biggest nemesis of the aliens, so the task of collecting Shengyan to fight against the aliens , and handed it over to Liu Qing.

In the first battle of heaven and earth, the thirty-six holy flames made huge sacrifices for the entire world, and even more holy flames did their best. Although they finally won, many holy flames were Falling into reincarnation, waiting for the call of the destined person.

"Boom boom boom." Under the gazes of everyone, the red molten slurry instantly turned into a khaki flame behemoth with a ferocious mouth.

"Ah ah ah!" The crime guard was seriously injured by Liu Qingguang's Dou Qi and weakened. At this time, when Xiao Yan used the power of holy flame, he was instantly drowned in khaki flames.

"Pfft." The khaki flame is Huoxin Tianyan. Although the ranking is not high, it is naturally easy to kill a sin guard who is seriously injured.

"Huhu." After the criminal guard was wiped out, the formation was instantly removed by Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan's figure collapsed in an instant.

"Soul power, spiritual power, and the power of holy flame are used together, and it really consumes a lot of money." Xiao Yan sat on the altar, slowly running Fen Jue to absorb the fighting energy of heaven and earth to replenish himself.

Xiao Yan was promoted too quickly because of the holy flame, and this kind of overloaded battle can make Xiao Yan adapt as soon as ~新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~ 1zщ.còм

After this battle, Xiao Yan vaguely felt that his strength seemed to have reached the peak of the early stage of One Star Dou Xian, and stepping into the middle stage of One Star Dou Xian was also a matter of course.

And once you step into the middle or late stage of the One Star Fighting Immortal, you can use the power of the fighting spirit to successfully break through the One Star Fighting Immortal and step into the Two Star Fighting Immortal!

"what happened……"

"Both of the two sinners have fallen?"

"Not even a trace of soul power?" But the sinner who had just exited the underground passage was shocked, and a bad premonition slowly emerged.

To be able to obliterate the late one-star Dou Xian and the late 2-star Dou Xian two criminal guards at the same time, that guy's strength cannot be underestimated.

"Captain, what's the matter?" In the distance, Yu Yifeng, who was rushing towards Shawu Village, looked at the motionless Yu Yifeng and said.

"According to the situation in the past, this Shawu Village should have been full of cooking smoke, and it was very lively, but it was very quiet at this time, so let's speed up." After Yu Yifeng finished speaking, the speed skyrocketed and followed.

If something happened to Xiao Yan and the others, I'm afraid he won't be able to eat his legacy!

Not for anything else, just because there is his third brother's daughter, Yu Xiaoye, and the supreme Vatican Liu Qing!

Liu Qing's specific identity, Jade Legacy, is unknown, but it can be said that his status can be said to be indescribable for the supreme leader of the Holy See to speak!

. m.