Chapter Vol 4 1649: Fight!

"Finally... it's here!" He noticed several figures suddenly appearing in the void, surrounded by the countless forces around the Tongtian Light Pillar, and a pair of fiery gazes were all projected on it.

"Crash." The void closed again, and the four figures fell to the ground smoothly.

"Is this the Manghuang Guiyuan, where the undead fire came?" After a short while, one of the four men spoke slowly, and his voice was filled with enthusiasm.

"This guy is Feng Qingyang of the Senate, and his strength is the real five-star fighting immortal early stage. With the guidance of the strong men of the Senate, this guy will be a very difficult competitor for us this time." The next moment , Irene said with complicated eyes.

"Everyone is here, then open the seal." After a while, among the countless forces, some arrogant people said.

"Wait a minute, let's weaken some numbers before opening the seal."

"Otherwise, with such a large number of people, the competition for the Undying Fire will also be quite fierce."

"Oh? Isn't this Erin'er from the Earth Spirit Academy... See you today, maybe not as strong as before, just a mere four-star Dou Xian is complete, in the past, Ling Yu and others were sheltered, today, I see how you are Deal with it." After a while, Feng Qingyang's eyes were projected towards Irene, and there was a hint of sarcasm in his voice.

The Senate and the Earth Spirit Academy were constantly arguing. In addition, some disciples in the Elder Council had a lot of admiration for Irene, but they were instantly ignored by this guy. Repeatedly, this resulted in some prejudice of the Elder Council towards the Earth Spirit Academy. , This kind of prejudice was hidden in the past, but now the two courtyard powerhouses are not here, and the conflict is on the verge of breaking out.

"This bastard!" Seeing this, Irene couldn't help clenching her fists. He naturally knew that Feng Qingyang's actions were a blatant provocation, but due to the difference in strength between the two, Irene was also Only silver teeth bite.

"Hehe, whether it's rumored or not, I'm afraid I have to test it out." At this time, Xiao Yanjian, who was behind Irene, took a step forward and smiled at the four figures above the sky. The laughter contained The threatening aura of that kind is unmistakable. First release https://https://

"Oh?"

"The middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals?"

"When did the four-star Dou Xian mid-stage powerhouses also represent the Earth Spirit Academy?" Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, Feng Qingyang was startled at first, and then a faint smile appeared on his face.

"Xiao Yan, you..." Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, Irene immediately said with some doubts.

"Help a friend... I thank you for the previous matter." Xiao Yan turned his head and smiled.

When she was in the Earth Spirit Pagoda before, Irene had secretly helped the Ten Thousand Fire Sect and Xiao Gui and others. At that time, the Ten Thousand Fire Sect was very famous, so many forces were dissatisfied and tried to unite against them. It was because of Irene's action to suppress those voices, Xiao Gui told him this matter, so Xiao Yan at this time had already regarded Irene as a friend. Lin'er's voice led to this Qian Ying becoming one of the most arrogant daughters in Li Hun Territory. She was also a great help to Xiao Yan.

"Hmph, a mere four-star fighting immortal, it seems that I won't teach you a lesson today, you don't know what a real powerhouse is." Feng Qingyang snorted coldly upon seeing this.

"Five Star Fighting Immortals is really strong in the initial stage, but if he wants to teach me a lesson, it's a little unqualified." Xiao Yan looked at Feng Qingyang's sneering face, and a dangerous and cold arc appeared on his face.

"Xiao Yan, a disciple of the underground courtyard!" Xiao Yan smiled slightly and clasped his fists.

"No one can protect you today, so I will give you a good lesson." As soon as the voice fell, a dazzling dark brown battle qi spread out like a tide on Feng Qingyang's body, and then suddenly filled this place. A heavy breath permeated the sky.

"Humph!" Xiao Yan witnessed that the dazzling fiery red flames were like the awakening of a giant dragon in rage, and a terrifying offensive was slowly brewing.

"Xiao Yan..." Seeing Xiao Yan like this, Irene couldn't help but worry, after all, the strength gap between the two was too huge.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Is this guy the one who defeated Ling Yu in the Earth Spirit Academy and became the so-called No. 1 powerhouse in the Earth Academy?" At this time, one of the four, a figure wrapped in black black robes gently opened his mouth.

You'er's strength is also at the early stage of Five-Star Fighting Immortals, and his soul power can be said to be the top among the powerhouses in the field, but even so, You'er smelled a hint of danger from Xiao Yan's body.

"The grievance between them is no longer a little bit, let them compete, so that there will be fewer enemies in the fight for the undead fire, although I don't think he has this strength." The other two court of adjudication and The powerhouse of the court of justice is half-joking.

"Xiao Yan, since you are courting death, then I will fulfill you!"

"Tianyuan Python!" With an exclamation, Feng Qingyang immediately saw an energy python that contained majestic dark brown power, which appeared in an instant.

"Four fingers in the sky." Seeing this, Xiao Yan was not too surprised. He raised his fingers slightly and pointed to Feng Qingyang's location suddenly.

"To make a mystery Go to hell!" Seeing Xiao Yan so contemptuous, Feng Qingyang snorted coldly, and immediately the energy of the heavens and the earth all over his body, the energy pythons poured into it, and the terrifying offensive made countless people present. The strong people held their breath, it seemed that the next moment, Xiao Yan would pay for this Fuxian Lake's contempt.

"Gather!" Xiao Yan said softly, in this space, countless energies gathered towards him.

"What's going on?" Seeing this sudden scene, the countless powerhouses present couldn't help but exclaimed, because at this time, the countless energies on the plain suddenly stopped gathering towards Feng Qingyang, instead He shot at Xiao Yan.

"The suppression above the cultivation technique, the cultivation technique in the entire Xiao Yan's body is actually higher than the cultivation technique of Feng Qingyang." The two of the court of adjudication were surprised.

"Give it to me!" When the gap reached this bizarre scene, Feng Qingyang's face became hideous, and the terrifying power giant python in his hand flew towards Xiao Yan in an instant. That kind of offensive was shocking.

"Fourth finger, Dongtianqiong!" Xiao Yan spoke calmly, and immediately above his finger, a dazzling finger piercing through the heavens and the earth suddenly met Feng Qingyang's attack.

"Xuuuu!" A harsh explosion sounded in mid-air, and after a while, the space returned to calm again, but Xiao Yan was not injured, with a icy arc on the corner of his mouth, staring at the wind whose aura was somewhat unsteady. Clear.

With the strength of the four-star Dou Xian in the middle stage, he unexpectedly gained the upper hand with Feng Qingyang, a genius of the senatorium of the five-star Dou Xian level!

New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest mobile terminal: https:/