Chapter Vol 2 794: subdue

"Do it!" Hearing Xiao Yan's words, the hated old monster immediately knew the seriousness of the matter, and without hesitation, he suddenly shouted at Xiao Yan, and then his figure moved!

"Hahaha!"

"Hate the old monster, it's too late!"

"Although the **** of your life force is strange, the four bondages have now been broken. It seems that today is your death." The Emperor Leopard was indifferent to the actions of hating the old monster!

Even if he hated the old monster very fast, he came to the foot of the emperor leopard in a short time. He was just about to strengthen his restraint, but it was still a step too late.

"Bang bang bang!" He heard a sound like the withering of ice cubes, and then the shackles of life force that had firmly bound the emperor leopard's front feet were instantly shattered and turned into nothingness.

"Damn it!" Seeing this, the hated old monster secretly cursed himself, obviously he was too careless just now, and he didn't realize that the Emperor Leopard was still hiding such a hand.

The strength of the Emperor Leopard is already extremely terrifying. In addition to the fact that the monsters are born with some places that are more terrifying than humans, even if it is the same strength as the eight-star Dou Emperor, hating the old monster does not have the absolute strength to defeat the Emperor Leopard. In the early days of the Eight Star Dou Di, it was not to mention facing the mighty Emperor Leopard.

"Boom boom!" Just when the hated old monster was thinking under the feet of the emperor leopard, the emperor leopard shouted, and then the wide front feet of dozens of meters suddenly lifted up, and he stepped on the hated old monster viciously!

Such a terrifying blow carries sky-shattering power, if you step on the hated old monster, I am afraid that it will be killed in an instant!

"Wow!" The Emperor Leopard's seemingly terrifying attack stepped on the air with one foot, and then stepped on it a little puzzled!

However, his gaze was at his feet, and a strange silver light suddenly appeared, and then the figure of hating the old monster disappeared.

"Let's pass!" Xiao Yan can be regarded as a trustworthy person. He just saw that the hated old monster failed to stop him, and he was still thinking at the feet of the emperor leopard. Immediately, the dazzling silver light flashed all over his body, and it was a space teleportation formation!

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan immediately asked when he saw the hated old monster being teleported to him by his space teleportation formation.

"I'm fine, but this imperial leopard seems a little tricky."

"In the past, the emperor's leopard's limbs were bound, which greatly reduced its danger. Now its limbs have been freed, even if it is me..." The eyes of the hated old monster flickered with a hint of disappointment. Count to this step.

"Don't worry, leave it to me."

"It will be like this for a while..." Xiao Yan smiled when he heard the words.

Anyway, no one knows the truth of taking people's money and eliminating disasters for others, so now facing this situation, Xiao Yan naturally has to show some of his skills.

"Is this feasible?" The hated old monster listened to Xiao Yan's method, and was immediately apprehensive. Although this method is feasible, if it fails, I am afraid that the two of them will become the emperor's leopard's meal today.

Xiao Yan's method is extremely dangerous, but it is not impossible!

"As long as it doesn't reach the Nine Star Dou Di, I can succeed, and even if I can't kill with one hit, it's enough to buy you a minute." Xiao Yan didn't explain too much to the hated old monster. After all, some things are own secret.

"Hahaha!"

"I hate the old monster, how do you fight this emperor now?" The feet in front of the emperor leopard were released, and he laughed wildly. The sound was full of wildness, and even the air was full of danger.

"Don't be too happy too soon."

"Look at the move." After the old hater finished speaking, he instantly disappeared beside Xiao Yan, but some flames appeared strangely on the hands, and these flames came from Xiao Yan!

"What a strange flame!" Emperor Leopard looked at the strange and gorgeous flame on the hated old monster, and immediately exclaimed, as opponents with hated old monster for so many years, the two of them can be said to be quite clear about the details, so see you now When hating the flames on the old monster, Emperor Leopard couldn't help but wonder.

"Free... Fire Hand!" Not long after, Xiao Yan gave Di Yan, who hated the old monster, and suddenly turned into a dazzling flame ring, and attacked the Emperor Leopard viciously. The place where he attacked was actually the Emperor Leopard just now. Free your front feet!

"Humph!" Upon seeing this, the Emperor Leopard snorted coldly, and a dazzling energy of life burst forth, and in a short time, the flame ring was wiped out!

"Hahaha!"

"Die!" The Emperor Leopard immediately laughed out loud when he saw the flame ring just showed a trace of fear on the cheek of the hated old monster.

But before the Emperor Leopard could do anything, a shock that was willing to the depths of his soul suddenly echoed from the Emperor Leopard's mind, and at the same time, an extremely loud voice came out slowly!

"Huang Quantian's anger!" Xiao Yan just finished speaking, a terrifying wave burst out in his pupils, and then without hesitation, the invisible soul attack that was enough to obliterate everything instantly shot!

"Ah ah ah!" The Emperor Leopard was attacked by Xiao Yan's sudden blow, and immediately the snow-white pupils were slightly bleeding, and the voice trembled, as if extremely frightened!

"Break it for me!" At the next moment, Xiao saw that his soul power had an effect, and immediately stepped up the attack of his soul power, trying to subdue the Emperor Leopard with his own power!

"There's a show!" The hated old monster saw Xiao Yan's terrifying soul attack and secretly said something, fortunately he didn't provoke the guy at the beginning, otherwise, I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to deal with such terrifying soul power!

"Hate the old monster, it's your turn!" At the next moment, as the snow-white pupils of the Emperor Leopard fell into a brief stagnation, Xiao Yan said suddenly, obviously Xiao Yan wielded such a terrifying soul attack, although the Emperor Leopard temporarily fell into a coma Among them, but his own situation is also extremely bad!

"I know!" Seeing this, the hated old monster was overjoyed immediately. His views on Xiao Yan were at a higher level. Although he had long known that the pharmacist's soul was powerful, such a sudden attack directly caused the Emperor Leopard to stalemate. He was amazed!

"Leave it to me next!" The next moment, the hated old monster didn't hesitate, the dazzling vitality of life suddenly burst out, and then under Xiao Yan's eyes, he eroded into the body of the emperor leopard!

"Weng Om Om!" Even if Xiao Yan was attacked by such a huge soul force and fell into a sluggishness, the Emperor Leopard was so terribly eroded by the hated old monster, and immediately the huge body sent out a terrifying shock!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Imperial Leopard!"

"Death to me!" Seeing this, the hated old monster was overjoyed immediately, and then he opened a mouth on half of his face, and suddenly absorbed the huge imperial leopard into it!

"Boom boom boom!"

"Success!" Xiao Yan immediately felt relieved when he saw that he hated what the old man was doing to the Emperor Leopard.

Ask for tickets!

Four more today