Chapter Vol 4 2247: Pure heart, burst!

"Boom!"

The power of the Dragon God's claws did not destroy the power of milky white purity, but after a fight, the two became quiet at the same time.

The black hole vortex rages in the evil prison, where the power of the pure heart spreads, every time the terrifying pure power sweeps over the evil creature, the evil creature does not have any recruitment, the entire body is instantly pierced, and the breath of life is completely swallowed up by it!

Even some evil creatures with strength comparable to the reincarnation level have no resistance, they are completely cut in half, and the sounds of pain and mourning come and go.

Some of these weak and evil creatures, directly under this pure power, turned into blood mist bubbles and returned to dust.

"Cunning guy!"

Looking at the blue dragon scales on Xiao Yan's body, a heavy breath emerged, the white Wushuang beautiful eyes in the Ten Fingers Buddha Prison flickered, and a touch of extreme anger slanted out, faintly showing signs of shattering the Ten Fingers Buddha Prison. .

"You and I are both human beings, why bother to help the tyrants?"

Xiao Yan shook his head, the power of dominance in his body emerged, and there was a solemn aura of the annihilation of all things lingering on his fist, he raised his head and said to Bai Wushuang.

This guy is a great enemy, without the blessing of the ancient ruler, and there is no plan to win.

"Humanity?"

"You told me about humans?"

Listening to Xiao Yan's understated voice, Bai Wushuang's originally slightly angry face suddenly became extremely vicious, with a look of contempt on his face, as if he heard a big joke, and looked at Xiao Yan with a grim face.

Xiao Yan quietly stood in the middle of the evil prison. It seems that judging from the appearance of this guy, I am afraid there is something else hidden?

"I was born on a barren continent under the human world. My family has declined. I have been bullied since I was born, and even my sister was humiliated and died in order to protect me."

"Since that time, I have sworn that I must let these beasts pay their debts with blood, and then by chance, I was helped by the evil gods of the evil race from outside the realm, which allowed me to cultivate a pure heart, so that I could take revenge."

"Originally, I never cared about the distinction between good and evil. I believed that everything in the world has its own set number, but where is the way of heaven?"

"Some people are born to stand on the highest point, but why are we born to be bullied because of it?"

"Those people, they deserve to die for their sins!"

"You keep talking to me about human beings?"

"When I was tormented and bullied, how could humans ever help me?"

"The Evil God has helped me, and I have sworn by my soul that I will be loyal to the death."

Bai Wushuang became more and more excited. On the chest above the delicate body, a pure heart without any impurities was beating violently. Every beat would make the holy flame in Xiao Yan's body extremely uneasy.

The pure heart is enough to suppress and seal the power of Saint Flame. Although the pure heart of Bai Wushuang is not enough to completely suppress the things on Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan does not dare to try it. After all, this kind of thing cannot be opened. Half a joke!

"End it completely."

"Today's battle is only life and death."

As he spoke, Bai Wushuang's pure white hands slowly lifted, dragging the pure heart like a heart, and the endless purification halo spread like a tide of energy.

"Something's wrong, the breath in this guy's body..."

Although Xiao Yan said that his eyelids were shaking violently, his keen soul power could smell a terrifying power that even his soul trembled from under the now hideous white and frostless robe.

"Bai Wushuang, calm down!"

"That so-called evil **** is just taking advantage of you!"

"Look at your body for yourself, it's already rotten!"

"Once you release your pure heart, you will be destroyed!"

"In the final analysis, you are just a chess piece of the evil clan outside the realm!"

However, Xiao Yan did not make any resistance, his pupils shrank slightly, his soul power converged into a sound, and he spoke to Roar.

"Sisi!"

When Bai Wushuang used her pure heart, the traces of dark lines under her body crawled out like black worms, densely filling her icy clean and jade skin, revealing an extremely weak morbid state throughout her body.

"How... how is it possible?"

At this moment, Bai Wushuang was slightly shaken by Xiao Yan's voice containing the power of his soul, and he returned to a lot of normal. There was a strong pain on his face, and he felt the dark bugs on his body, and he was shocked and pale for a while.

"In your body, countless evil patterns have already been planted. Once you use up the pure heart, you will also completely fall into this world."

"The so-called evil gods are just using you to create a pure heart for them!"

"And according to my guess, the destruction of your family should be the result of the evil clan outside the realm."

"Think about it!"

Xiao Yan stared at the black bugs, and a creepy aura emerged, but he still explained to Bai Wushuang.

"Put-puff-puff!"

As Xiao Yan's voice fell, Wushuang Bai clearly discovered that the pure heart that appeared in his chest had already reached the point where the arrow had no choice but to strike!

And those dark reptiles on the body stared at him extremely greedily, and once the pure heart left the body, they devoured their body without hesitation.

Listening to Xiao Yan's words, Bai Wushuang's mind couldn't help but think of what happened at the beginning. After Shun breathed, he couldn't help feeling that the family affairs were probably deliberately done by the evil gods. The seeds of hatred took root and sprouted. Fortunately, after cultivating a pure heart, they completely turned into the central chess piece in the hands of the evil god!

Otherwise, why would you be targeted by the evil god?

He was also taught the method by the evil god?

It all seems too coincidental?

"Don't move, I will use the power of holy flame to completely expel the evil lines in your body. There is still a chance to do so."

After a while, Xiao Yan opened his mouth in a deep voice, and a glass-colored flame appeared on his body, flying directly towards the Ten Fingers Buddha Prison.

"Why... why are you helping me?"

"I have a pure heart, and I can suppress your holy flame seal, so aren't you afraid that I will fight back when I die?"

Bai Wushuang looked at Xiao Yan in a daze, he was already a dying person, but this guy treated him like this.

It seems that I saw something long-lost from this guy.

Brave, responsible, and fearless!

"I'm afraid."

"But it's because of fear that I need to do it."

"I can't stop your situation from happening But this vast world will be guarded by me in the future."

"Boom!"

As he spoke, the dragon **** claws were displayed, and the ten-fingered Buddha pillar was torn apart by the cracks. At the same time, the glazed holy flame turned into a shadow of an elk and rode on Xiao Yan, facing Bai Wushuang. Go, the gentle power made the corners of Bai Wushuang's eyes feel the slightest.

"Perhaps... this is the great world I want to see."

Feeling Xiao Yan's serious look so close at hand, Bai Wushuang's handsome face suddenly showed a bright smile.

"Wong buzzing!"

The pure heart rose up, and in the blink of an eye, Xiao Yan's body was repelled by thousands of meters, and the energy in the entire evil prison also swelled violently, and countless evil forces rushed to gather around the pure heart. Once the pure heart disappears, Bai Wushuang's body and soul will be completely swallowed by these evil creatures!

"I've done so many wrong things, this time I'll make up for it a little bit."

Bai Wushuang smiled, slender jade hands stretched out and gently squeezed the pure heart, and a pure aura that purifies all things emerged.

In an instant, the power of the evil creatures that had already been dormant beside Wushuang Bai was escaping as fast as they could!

It's a pity that it's too late, and all that awaits them is destruction!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: