Chapter 238: The way to crack!

"What way?" Xiao Yan said in disbelief after hearing this.

Before coming into contact with the three-colored light emitted by the door of the seal, in addition to what Long Yi said, Xiao Yan also knew the horror level of the door of the seal.

Xiao Yan also tried the space shuttle handprint, but it didn't work at all. After all, this space shuttle handprint also requires Xiao Yan to go to the place to travel. As for this kind of sealed space, there is no way to do it.

"Xiao Yan, I have to ask you a question." Mu Feng said solemnly.

"You ask." Xiao Yan also responded.

"I do have a way to open the door of this seal..."

"It's just that behind the door of this seal is a terrifying ghost sealed..." Mu Feng also said solemnly.

"Don't worry, what I need is indeed in it, and if I lose it, I will definitely leave, and if something is precious, it must be enjoyed with life. I understand this truth." Xiao Yan also walked over, single and resting on Mu Feng's shoulders calmly the way.

"Well, Xiao Yan, you are a rare friend." Mu Feng also smiled.

"Okay, let's go." Xiao Yan also patted Mu Feng on the shoulder.

"Be careful when you go in. Although I don't know what's behind this sealed door, the power of the ghosts in it can be imagined."

"Okay, get ready, I'll take you in!" Mu Feng also said.

"The universe is yin and yang, gossip is boundless, and the broken is destroyed!" Mu Feng gestured with a wonderful handprint in his hand, and then muttered in his mouth.

Following Mu Feng's actions, the space where they were at this time also faintly produced some strange movements.

In the originally quiet space, some rather peculiar powers emerged from Mu Feng.

The dark blue light in this dark passage is also quite strange.

At the moment of Mu Feng's use, there was a slight vibration in the originally peaceful Sealed Gate. Obviously, Mufeng's power was similar to the power on the Sealed Gate.

"This kid's gossip skills have actually reached the level of perfection..."

"It's really good..." The Golden Dragon King's admiring voice also sounded in Xiao Yan's mind.

"What is the treasure behind this sealed door..."

"How can it make me feel quite familiar, it shouldn't be..." The Golden Dragon King also wondered.

"Go!" When Mu Feng displayed his handprint, sweat dripped from his forehead. Obviously, this kind of display was extremely exhausting.

"Remnant!"

Mu Feng uttered a word, and then a black azure light from the handprint also emanated from the handprint, and fell directly on the black giant door. The strange thing is that it was not absorbed by the door of the seal, but was attached to the seal. on the door.

"break!"

Another low voice sounded, and then a larger force also emerged, facing the door of the seal.

"Destroy!"

Then came another...

"Return!"

With the last sound of Mu Feng, the aura in his body also soared to the limit!

Blue, black, white, yellow.

Four auras continued to surround the door of the seal, and then the next moment, Mu Feng's tightly closed eyes suddenly opened!

"Go!" Mu Feng spit out a little, and suddenly a black-blue Dou Qi that gathered Mu Feng's Dou Qi was also directed towards the four-colored light on the door of the seal!

“Shabu Shabu!”

The huge black cyan just came into contact with the four-color light, and the four-color light also quieted down, and then surrounded each other, slowly surrounding.

"Tai Chi gossip!"

"Gather!"

Although Mu Feng had very little vindictiveness in his body, he did not stop at this time, and his handprints were changing.

"Susu!"

The four-color rays of light on the door of the seal also slowly merged, and then a pair of black and white Tai Chi gossip also appeared on the door of the seal.

Black and white, standing quietly in the center of the Sealed Gate.

"This……"

"It's a good way..." At the moment when the Tai Chi gossip appeared, Xiao Yan also felt that there was a small gap above the originally indestructible door of the seal.

Although the gap was extremely small, it was still captured by Xiao Yan.

"Xiao Yan, let's go!" Mu Feng said with great difficulty. Obviously, maintaining the Tai Chi gossip requires quite a lot of fighting qi, and at this time, there is not much fighting qi left in Mu Feng's body.

"Um."

Xiao Yan nodded, and then without hesitation, it turned into an extremely small flame of light, ignoring the Tai Chi gossip on the door of the seal.

Just after the flame light entered the Tai Chi gossip, Mu Feng also sat down and gasped.

"Don't worry, I left something on Xiao Yan's body, so I can know his safety, so I don't have to worry about it."

"Let's wait for him here." After speaking, Mu Feng closed his eyes and recovered his fighting spirit.

"Xiao Yan, I will pray to the goddess of the moon for you, I hope you are safe." Yue Ru also bit her lips slightly.

"Mueller, don't be presumptuous!"

"It's not your turn to talk here!" I thought the ghost was also roaring. Obviously, this Muller's strength is mediocre, and he wants to order them, which is really a fool's dream.

"Humph!"

"There are only five days left until the point looting competition. Tomorrow is the time when the cloudy moon will come, so we must move ahead and remove the excess resistance before the cloudy moon arrives, so that we can concentrate on resurrection at that time. Lord Twin Ghost Emperor!" Muller also said slowly.

"Humph!"

"It's not your turn to talk about these things!" The ghosts were also unconvinced.

"You! Mueller is also angry.

"But I expected you guys to be like this, see what this is?" Mueller also laughed suddenly and took out an object from the ring in his hand.

"Ghost Emperor's Order?"

"How could it be outside..." The figure among the ghosts was also terrified. Obviously, this blood-colored token is quite good.

"Seeing the ghost emperor is like seeing the ghost emperor, you still won't kneel?" Mueller also said arrogantly.

"Participate in the Ghost Emperor!" All the ghosts can only kneel helplessly, because this Ghost Emperor has powerful power, so they are also...

"According to the order of the Ghost Emperor, I will start planning ahead today for the recovery of the Ghost Emperor tomorrow!"

"Do you understand?" Mueller said solemnly.

"Yes!" The ghosts also shouted loudly.

"Kill, let these humans who participated in the point grabbing competition know that our ghost world is not so easily defeated."

"Wait until the Ghost Emperor breaks through the seal, and none of the people here will be able to escape!"

"Wow haha..." Mueller's voice was also very strange.

"It looks like it should be successful..."

"How dare you swallow half of the twin ghost emperors, this secluded spring is really..." Hongye also said slightly, looking at the secluded spring in front of him, who was neither a ghost nor a ghost.

The ghost of the quiet spring devoured half of the twin ghost emperors, and then the black light in the abdomen slowly spread to the limbs of the ghost of the quiet spring, and the ghost of the quiet spring exuded an extremely terrifying power.

"Strange, how come the number of people participating in the competition has gradually decreased, do they all enter the third floor..." Inside the pavilion, Wu Jiang was also puzzled.

"Let's go, Yinyue is also coming, I'll take you to see the things sealed in this Yin Corpse Forest." Xiaoyue finished speaking, and also walked towards the ghost town.

Ask for a ticket! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: