Chapter 38: Awaken the last power of the 7-color Yuyanhua!

"I'm optimistic." The Golden Dragon King said slowly, obviously facing Xiao Yan.

An ancient aura gradually radiated from Xiao Yan's body. Although there was no huge fighting spirit, the aura was fascinating, as if a strong man who had experienced many years had awakened, his eyes and actions were full of the flavor of the years.

"Colorful Yuyan Flower, I never imagined that I would see you in my lifetime. In that case, I have the confidence to cultivate Qingyuan into a true generation of angel wings!"

"The angel family has been silent for too long, and it's time to show their true strength."

"You shouldn't have appeared in this world, but since you have appeared, you should really exert your power, and you shouldn't be buried in this abyss of the underground world."

"Let me take yours out, find an angel who is truly suitable for your approval, and let you shine!" The Golden Dragon King's golden pupils stared at the flower in front of him, and at the moment when the Golden Dragon King spoke, The pink flowers seemed to have changed a little bit.

"Since you know what I mean, you still need your cooperation. Although the evil power of this chain is weak, I am worried about other things, and there are things that I can't solve by myself in the state of my soul." The Golden Dragon King stared at Live that because of his own words, there is a slight change in the flower road.

The Seven-colored Yuyanhua is worthy of being the most magical treasure in the world. When the Golden Dragon King spoke, a pure white light radiated from the whole body. Obviously, this is the seven-colored Yuyanhua's plan to use her last strength and the evil seven chains to make it. The last fight!

"Bang bang bang..." The Golden Dragon King was overjoyed when he saw the colorful and glowing flowers. It was quiet for so many years, and it was time for the final struggle.

Immediately, the Golden Dragon King chanted a mysterious incantation, and a huge vortex appeared around Xiao Yan's body!

Another power of the Golden Dragon King!

Devour!

The colorful Healing Flowers and the seven jet-black chains exuding an evil aura were fighting to the death. The jet-black light and the pure white light were at a stalemate.

One minute……

two minutes...

The battle continues, and the pure white light is gradually suppressed by the jet-black light!

"Go!" Xiao Yan's body was controlled by the Golden Dragon King. After the Golden Dragon King completed the spell, the vortex in front of him became bigger and bigger, exuding a huge suction force!

Facing the jet-black light, he attacked!

"Puff puff" The huge vortex was drawn away by the powerful suction against the jet-black light.

The jet-black light had just swallowed up the pure white light, because as long as the pure white light was swallowed up, their seven chains could be reborn!

But who would have expected a whirlpool to appear suddenly, and the power emanating from this whirlpool is the nemesis of evil forces!

The jet-black light was like seeing a ghost and hurriedly ran away!

The seven chains that had originally firmly locked the seven leaves of the Seven-colored Yuyan Flower were also slightly loosened at this moment!

The huge golden vortex made them all feel terrified! Even fear! Because they all know that if they are absorbed in, it will be doomed!

"Golden Dragon King?"

"How can it be!"

The figure transformed by the seven chains was swallowed one after another into the vortex of the Golden Dragon King before he had time to tell any more.

"Bang bang bang!"

The seven dark chains resembled the sound of glass breaking, and they were absorbed into the vortex and disappeared without a trace.

"Hey, it seems that my worries are too much." The Golden Dragon King looked at the seven figures who disappeared and said.

The reason why the Golden Dragon King wanted to awaken the last trace of the colorful Yuyanhua was because he was afraid that there would be other powers besides these seven figures. Just in case, the other was to devour these demons to gradually recover. own strength!

The extraterritorial evil clan also has the division of strength, which can be basically summarized into five levels: heaven, earth, respect, emperor, and king.

In the past, when the Golden Dragon King was at its peak, it was naturally possible to deal with the aliens of the emperor level, but now it is in the state of the soul, and its strength is not as good as before. Only the two levels of heaven and earth are slightly better. ...

But fortunately, the seven figures in front of them were at the previous level, so there was the scene of the crushing just now.

"Phew!" The Golden Dragon King restored control of his body to Xiao Yan's hands.

"What a huge power!" Xiao Yan felt the power in that vortex and couldn't help but say.

"Master, but these powers are evil powers, will you directly absorb them like this..." Xiao Yan was also worried.

"Don't worry, I will refine and absorb their power. Although this method is somewhat inferior, otherwise, I don't know that my strength will return to normal that day." The Golden Dragon King also sighed.

"By the way, when the matter here is finished, I will retreat to absorb these powers."

"Next, let's take a look at the colorful Yuyan flower."

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also nodded and walked towards the colorful Yuyanhua.

Seven dark chains that exuded evil aura shattered.

The colorful Yuyanhua, which was originally weak under the chains, actually grew a lot at the moment when the chains were broken, and the weak figure seemed to regain some brilliance.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan was also puzzled never heard of such a situation.

"Normal, in this case, the seven chains not only limit the growth of the Seven Colors Healing Flower, but also continuously absorb the power of the Seven Colors Healing Flower. When the power of the Seven Colors Healing Flower is almost absorbed, it will be the **** thing. When the alien race succeeds. If we don't show up, within three years, something will definitely happen, and then there will be seven more powerful aliens from the extraterritorial level in this world." The Golden Dragon King is also heavy. said.

"Put it away first, it's too weak now, keep nourishing it with your pure lotus demon fire, the colorful Yuyan flower is not only a strange thing, but also likes flames, especially the most pure one like Xiao Yi. Different fire, its recovery will be even greater." The Golden Dragon King also smiled at Xiao Yan as he watched Xiao Yan's efforts and Qi Cai Yu Yan Hua failed.

"That's the only way." Xiao Yan also helplessly did as the Golden Dragon King said.

On his finger, the ring bestowed by the ancient emperor Tuoshe glowed slowly, and the colorful Yuyan flower in front of him was like a delicious meal. He let Xiao Yan absorb it into the ring and feed it without any extra thought.

Inside the ring, Xiao Yan also deliberately opened up an independent space for the colorful Yuyanhua, and the pure power of the source of the different fire kept nourishing it.

The colorful Yuyan flower also slowly grew spiritually. The first flower bud slowly grew into a second one...

"It's time to leave here." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

After taking a short rest, regained some strength, and then returned along the same path!

"Hehehe, little girls, look at your delicate skin and tender meat, say! Where is Xiao Yan!"

"If you don't say anything, don't worry about our savage hands." A bald head smiled wryly at Yueru.

Yueru was actually caught by this bald head!

​​