Chapter 612: beat!

"Hehe, Junior Brother, you said this yourself, but don't blame Senior Brother for bullying the younger." Wang Chen said hotly.

Since this Xiao Yan took the initiative to admit it, he can teach him a good lesson!

Otherwise, Wang Chen didn't have any good excuse to teach Xiao Yan a lesson. He never thought that Xiao would be so stupid!

"Just here!"

"This is a competition arena. The energy of our battle will not spread out. It can withstand the attacks of the seven-star Dou Di strong." Wang Chen smiled and then pointed to a large field behind Xiao Yan.

"Okay." Instead, Xiao Yan was very calm, and there was no change.

"I don't know what it will look like when Wang Chen gets beaten up." Mu Feng whispered a little jokingly, out of trust in Xiao Yan, Mu Feng felt that Xiao Yan would definitely win.

Xiao Yan and Wang Chen entered the large competition field. Xiao Yan found that although this large competition field was only tens of meters in width, there was an invisible layer of suppressing force on the periphery. The existence of oppressive force can prevent the overflow of energy.

"Compete and learn from each other, click until the end." Wang Chen said in a gentle manner.

"So much nonsense?"

"Let's start?" Xiao Yan said with some disdain.

Since the people in this hall have made it clear that they can't get along with the people in their own hall, then Xiao Yan has no need to get used to it.

Today, even if the eldest brother from the Earth Palace comes over, he must step on it!

"Start!" Wang Chen said, and then the two started at the same time!

Wang Chen moved, and sure enough, a trace of white vindictiveness flickered, as if a dazzling white light swept away at Xiao Yan!

Xiao Yan didn't panic, he stood on the spot, like a lamb waiting to be slaughtered!

"Is this kid crazy?"

"This Wang Chen's strength is in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, and he is also a power-type powerhouse. I am afraid that the average mid-stage Six-Star Dou Emperor powerhouse will not be able to take such a blow. Is this Xiao Yan scared and stupid? "Seeing this, the surrounding disciples all exited.

"Haha, this kid's strength seems to be a bit scary..." The people in the Heavenly Palace seemed to have discovered Xiao Yan's confidence hidden behind his smile, and immediately said to the motionless Xiao Yan.

"To make a fool of yourself!"

"It's a pity that the fists and feet have no eyes!" Wang Chen was also stunned by Xiao Yan's motionless situation, but then he still clenched his fists, and then attacked Xiao Yan with a terrifying force!

Isn't this Xiao Yan rumored in the outside world?

Didn't he kill the twin ghost emperors?

If you can't even take this blow from yourself, then at best, it's just a false name before.

"Senior Brother Five's attack, but even I have a bit of difficulty. I hope this Xiao Yan is lucky." The little witch hesitated for a while, then spoke up!

"Boom boom boom!" Wang Chen's speed was extremely fast, and in the blink of an eye, his fist directly attacked Xiao Yan's body!

"what?"

"So hard?" This was Wang Chen's first reaction when he hit and laughed!

Too hard!

Even if it is the vindictiveness that is mainly based on his own cultivation strength, I am afraid that he will not be able to beat it head-on!

"Hehe, this immortal body is really terrifying, and even the attacks of the mid-stage Six-Star Dou Emperor seem to be tickling."

"If you are using the power of holy flame, I am afraid that the defense strength will be stronger!" Xiao Yan said slowly in his heart.

"What is this?" As the afterglow dissipated, Wang Chen only found that Xiao Yan at this time was filled with an extremely majestic golden power!

That power is as indestructible as the eternal existence!

"This is... the body of a Dou Di?" The little witch beside her was a little surprised.

As the daughter of the Lord of the Earth Palace, she is no stranger to the body of Dou Di. However, because this body of Dou Di has been handed down from ancient times, there are very few practitioners of the body of Dou Di in modern times. After all, cultivating Dou Qi is extremely important. Difficulty, where is there time to cultivate the body of Dou Di!

"Hehe, I didn't expect this kid to actually get one of the treasures of their human palace. He's really a lucky kid... I think when I went in, I tried so hard to find that immortal body, but in the end I didn't get anything. ." The figure in the Temple of Heaven said slowly.

"Forget it, let's go, it's time to plan that action. After all, something is wrong with the Xuanling royal family and Solomon recently." After speaking, he slowly disappeared.

"Is it the body of a fighting emperor?"

"What age is this, there are still people using this kind of thing." Wang Chen said with great disdain, but he did not take it lightly, because he knew that Xiao Yan's body of a fighting emperor was far more tyrannical than himself. Anyone I've met before!

"what……"

"Isn't this the body of Dou Di..."

"Isn't it a long time ago that no one has cultivated the Dou Emperor's body? After all, although there are many benefits to cultivating the Dou-Emperor's body, the Dou-Emperor's body is a bottomless pit that cannot be filled, and it costs too much money and time!"

"However, Xiao Yan's body of Dou Di is a bit terrifying. He actually blocked Wang Chen's blow." The onlookers said hurriedly.

"It's not rude to come and go."

"Since Senior Brother Wang Chen's attack is at this level, then it's up to me!" Xiao Yan finished speaking, his whole body moved, a huge power of different fire rushed into his heart instantly, and then slowly gathered on his fist!

At that time, Xiao Yan's whole body will be greatly increased by the increase of his body, and with the power of this strange fire, I am afraid that at this time, he will not be afraid to face the powerhouse of the Six Star Dou Emperor Perfection level!

"Speak nonsense!"

"Although let the horses come over!" Wang Chen said coldly, but still be careful to resist!

Because Wang Chen didn't know why, just after hitting Xiao Yan's Dou Emperor, there was such a force that was directly transmitted into his body along Xiao Yan's body!

That power was too violent and hot, making Wang Chen unable to help but under pressure!

"Immortal Palm!" A cold snort, slowly poured out of Xiao Yan's mouth, and then Xiao Yan's figure strode forward, as fast as a ghost!

When he just came to Wang Chen, Wang Chen felt an extremely terrifying killing intent from Xiao Yan's smile in front of him!

"Getting ahead for a woman... It's a pity that you don't have the strength yet!" The voice just finished and launched!

The overwhelming flames burst wildly everywhere, as if the entire body of Wang Chen was frozen and unable to move, and then the dazzling sparks directly covered the entire competition arena!

"The power of this flame seems a bit terrifying..."

"Interesting." Just as the mysterious man was about to leave, he caught the terrifying flame Xiao Yan used at the moment Xiao Yan made his move.

"What a terrifying power of fire!"

"It seems that this Xiao Yan really lives up to his reputation." Some disciples immediately praised Xiao Yan when they saw that Xiao Yan was so powerful.

"hateful!"

"Senior Brother Five, get up and hit him!" The little witch said resentfully.

"Sisi!" The terrifying flame ripples murmured and faded away, leaving only Xiao Yan and Wang Chen in the competition arena!

The posture of the two at this time is very strange!

I saw Xiao Yan's face full of smiles, and one palm gently pressed against Wang Chen's lower abdomen, while that Wang Chen, who just raised his right hand to hit Xiao Yan's back, his eyes were dull and motionless.

"You lost." Xiao Yan said lightly and then slowly pulled out his hands.

Just as Xiao Yan pulled out his hand, Wang Chen, who was still standing in front of him, collapsed suddenly and fell into a coma!

"How is that possible!" At the next moment, the little witch who was still outside the competition venue shrank tightly, an incredible look covering her pretty face!

In addition to the little witch's face becoming ugly, the other disciples who were watching also brightened their eyes, and some cloth asked incredulously.

"Am I not mistaken?"

"Just such a trick?"

"Is the strength of the fifth senior brother of the earth hall in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di killed in an instant?"...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: