Chapter 260: The main body of the sword!

"Sacred Tiger of Heavenly Fire, Hu Du, help me kill the Ghost Emperor, and the others will support me on the ground!"

"To prevent ghosts from attacking!"

With the fall of Wujiang's voice, everyone on the ground also woke up...

At this time, they were all grasshoppers on the same boat, and there was no time to think about it. Tianhuo Shenghu and Hu Du Wujiang suddenly lifted off into the air and moved towards the battle circle, while the others gathered slowly. Watching every move in the sky and on the ground vigilantly.

Two five-star fighting emperors and one six-star fighting emperor joined the battle.

"Hahaha!"

"The Nine Soul Monument, your strength is getting more and more tyrannical!"

"But I just don't know how long you can hold on to this level of battle!"

"This is the Yin Corpse Forest!" The sinister smile was also extraordinarily strange.

It's just that Yin Xie didn't notice the position of his heart in his body, and the tightly protected heart beat violently.

"Cough, cough, cough!" Xiaoyue also coughed, and then slowly looked at Yin Xie.

The battle just now seemed to be evenly matched, but it was actually the Nine Soul Monument that lost. If Xiaoyue hadn't helped the Nine Soul Monument resist a lot of attacks in the end, then the Nine Soul Monument itself might have just fallen directly!

"I didn't expect the power of this evil spirit to be so terrifying..." The Nine Soul Monument also snorted coldly.

Then she looked at Xiaoyue gratefully.

"Cough cough cough..."

"I'm fine..."

"But this evil evil has become a big trouble..." Xiaoyue coughed violently, obviously the vindictive energy in her body was also consumed 90% of the time.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Leave the rest to me, you can rest for a while." After the Nine Soul Monument finished speaking, an extremely pure power also entered Xiaoyue's body.

"Yeah." Xiaoyue also returned to the ground, but no one paid attention, what Xiao Yan on the ground seemed to be doing.

The Nine Soul Monument commanded the immortal sword in its hands with all its strength, and then without giving the evil spirits a chance to breathe, it moved it to the sky above the evil evil spirits. body is fixed in it.

In the enclosed space, the fiery red and white rays of light are constantly exchanged, constantly weakening the black aura on the evil body.

"Damn the power of purification..." Yin Xie also said angrily, obviously quite afraid of this **** with the power of purification.

Immediately, Yin Xie also discovered that there were three more people in the battle, and said, "Is this your righteous people..."

"More bullies less..." Although Yin Xie said so, but he didn't mean the slightest bit of fear.

"Stop talking nonsense!"

"Go!" Wu Jiang also said.

In the sky at this time, Hu Du, Wujiang, and the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger are all surrounded by water!

When the three saw the Nine Souls Monument, they launched the attack first, and when the three saw it, they quickly dodged, staring at the powerful attack of the Nine Souls Monument.

At the moment when the mysterious space covered the evil spirits, only the roar of the evil evil spirits was heard, and then the blood-colored brilliance flowed all over the body, forming a strange body shield.

There is a very thick ghostly aura attached to this body shield, and as soon as it encounters the red and white light of the fairy sword in the hand of the Nine Souls Stele, there will be countless dense explosions.

In the confined space, the powerful ghost power slammed wildly, trying to break through the restriction.

In mid-air, the Nine Souls Monument saw that Yin Xie mobilized most of its power to break through the power of purification, and it also smiled, and then there were countless mysterious spells on the sword in its hand, and they were imprinted on the body of Yin Xie. The power of ghosts gas In an instant, an incomparably powerful destructive force was generated, and the vibrations of Yin Xie's whole body were disturbed.

The hideous face in the jet-black power of the ghost also exuded an extremely mournful howl, and the aura above the evil body instantly dimmed a lot.

It seems that the incomparably mysterious runes of the Nine Soul Monument, combined with the power of the fairy sword, also have a very powerful restraint on Yin Xie himself.

After all, the ghost emperor is also a ghost in the ghost world, with a ghostly and eerie aura.

However, the evil spirits are also powerful. After a period of dimness, the brilliance of the whole body actually became stronger again, fighting against the immortal swords and mysterious runes of the Nine Souls Monument.

Hu Du and Wu Jiang glanced at the Nine Souls Monument and seemed to sense the mutation on the Nine Souls Monument, but neither of them said anything. The two jumped up at the same time and launched an attack on the evil spirits.

In midair, Hu Du and Wu Jiang were on the left and right, and two extremely terrifying beams of flame energy quickly disappeared towards the evil spirits.

As the speed increased, the two of them whistled softly at the same time, and the two figures turned into a dragon and a dragon, one left and one right, in a staggered rotation, with two powerful flames between them, and they suddenly attacked.

From a distance, as the speed of the spinning double dragon accelerated, two beams of light condensed into a beam of light in a blink of an eye, with a destructive and extremely hot aura, violently hitting the evil body protection blood hood. superior.

The powerful flame power and the dazzling beam of light broke through the purification space under the mysterious fairy sword in one fell swoop, and violently hit the evil spirits.

There was a wave of light and shadow, accompanied by an earth-shattering explosion, and a substantive black gas filled the surroundings in an instant.

The strong light was dazzling, and in the two cold shouts, there was a roar of anger, which shot out in several directions.

On the ground, under the powerful destructive force, a bottomless pit appeared, billowing smoke and dust fluttered, and the gray dust was like a layer of water mist, floating in the air.

On the ground, Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan were all doing their best to use Dou Qi to protect their bodies, and they were deeply shocked by the scene in front of them.

It's just that I couldn't help being deeply shocked by the big pit above the ground, and even more shocked by the scene above the sky!

The power of the evil spirits to protect the body and ghosts is extremely terrifying. Even the terrifying blow of the Nine Souls Monument and the Immortal Sword was only a tie. Unexpectedly, Hu Du and Wu Jiang broke through the yin so easily. The evil spirit of protecting the body...

I saw that Hu Du and Wu Jiang joined forces to strike with all their might, sandwiching the might of Xeon, and finally broke through Yinxie's powerful body-protecting ghost, revealing its body.

In the sky a few meters away, the black aura of Yin Xie was rolling over and over, and at the moment when it was ejected, a black thing appeared in the heart and disappeared out of thin air. However, Xiao Yan only glanced at it, and it was gone. It was covered up by the closed black light.

Hu Du and Wu Jiang's faces were slightly pale, and they gently retreated to the side of the Nine Souls Monument. Obviously, the two of them had also exerted all their abilities to break through the evil spirits.

And the Nine Souls Monument on the side stopped calmly, staring at the terrifying evil spirit.

The Jiuhun Monument's eyes turned cold, and the fiery red Dou Qi all over the body instantly covered it, and the next moment it appeared in front of Yin Xie's eyes.

Taking advantage of the fact that Yin Xie was not paying attention, without giving him any time to breathe, he slapped Yin Xie with both hands heavily!

Yin Xie mixed with an extremely angry voice: "It's actually the fighting skills of the **** Burning Incense Pavilion!" Yin Xie obviously recognized the attacks of Hu Du and Wu Jiang, and said ruthlessly.

"Damn, you hateful humans, how dare you hurt my body..."

"You..." Before he could finish speaking, he met the attack of the Nine Souls Monument.

I saw a black **** mist on the palms of Yinxie, and that terrifying aura, even a few meters away from Wujiang, could clearly feel that, on top of that, there was an extremely powerful and contained aura. The breath of extremely strong erosive power.

Ask for tickets!