Chapter Vol 4 1710: The Scales of Dominance, the Mirage Spirit Curtain!

"No way..." Hearing the mourner speak, Xiao Yan's heart was filled with shock.

It's not that Xiao Yan is afraid of her. Now, Xiao Yan has four holy flames on his body, fighting spirit, dragon **** transformation, and the clan mark at the bottom of the box. He still has the power to fight this guy, but the top priority is not whether he can defeat her. , Because the Lord of Soul Li is not here now, if he had exposed his full strength in advance and alerted the many powerhouses in the Western Temple, that kind of scene would undoubtedly be something Xiao Yan did not want to see.

However, the West Temple is also strange, because it is divided into two floors, and the outermost layer is heavily guarded. Xiao Yan and the two finally got in here, and they finally felt that they were lurking. Strange, I am afraid that this is the characteristic of the West Temple. The strong people live inside, and these guys are the best guards to guard the three core areas.

"Crash!" Before the two could do anything, on the mourner's body, a dark green liquid slowly overflowed with lethal toxins. Immediately, his jade hand was raised, and the dark green liquid was directly facing Xiao. The two of them blasted away.

"You two, it's been a month since you were wronged."

"Originally, a human has finally come in here. I want to play with you, but that guy has an order, so I can only obey." After doing all this, the mourner smiled at him.

"It's too strong." Xiao Yan just felt that the battle qi in his body was rapidly draining, and even a faint dizziness hit him. Obviously, this guy can be called a mourner for a reason. of.

After the breath, the dark green liquid directly turned into a crystal cage, completely shrouding Xiao Yan and the two of them, making them unable to move.

"What should I do now... If I'm trapped here, then this time I'll be in vain." After some struggles, Xiao Yan said in frustration that he still did not shake the dark green cage at all.

"Little guy, don't waste your energy. This dark green cage is a poison barrier. It can drain your strength and continuously absorb your vindictive energy and vitality."

"But I won't be so cruel. It will only limit your vindictiveness. After a month, you will be able to recover your freedom." The mourner looked at Xiao Yan's shaking and said, obviously she was not malicious. It wasn't that the Lord of Li Soul had given an order. I'm afraid this mourner will have a good conversation with Xiao Yan and the two. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"I sue... a month?"

"Then don't hurry up." Xiao Yan heard the words and vaguely realized that the Master of Li Soul was probably only a month away from success. Acacia, broken enteritis is impossible to capture.

After all, Xiao Yan knew that the Ten Halls Yan Luo said was extremely terrifying, but among the ten people, the reincarnation level powerhouse was probably also...

"You Er, is there a way?" The struggle was fruitless, Xiao Yan simply did not waste his fighting qi, and asked through the voice transmission of his soul.

"I can crack this poison barrier, but we still can't resist this guy's power."

"The power of the mourners, to a certain extent, is even stronger than that of the Lord of Souls." You Er worried.

"You can crack it, and leave the rest to me." Xiao Yan heard the words and said with great joy, as long as he can crack the poison barrier, the rest will be easy to solve.

"Okay." You Er was relieved, and then a touch of invisible soul power quietly filled the air.

"Little guy, you smell so good, you seem to have a lot of things I like."

"By the way, my name is Bai Ruoqian." The mourner continued.

After Bai Ruoqian finished speaking, she walked towards Xiao Yan with light footsteps. Xiao Yan had several familiar auras on her body, so she naturally wanted to detect it further.

"Soul Skill, Brahma Sound!" At a certain moment, the black robe above You Er's body disappeared instantly, and the illusory soul body was revealed, and immediately a strange black energy filled the surface of the soul body.

"Weng Om!" After a while, on the illusory soul body, countless extremely mysterious black qi actually outlined into extremely obscure black words. The words are as profound as ancient writing, and they contain mysterious power from ancient times. .

"Boom!" As soon as these black ancient texts slowly formed, a deafening roar burst out in this poison-barrier land, with a mighty and chilling sound.

"咻咻!" The dazzling black ancient text fell directly from You Er, and immediately went to the poison barrier cage that imprisoned the two. The black ancient text just touched the poison barrier cage, and the poison barrier cage seemed to be deflated. Like a balloon, it melts quickly.

"Oh... such a strong soul power, I'm afraid you can't master this kind of power. It should be borrowed from the power of some strong people." Looking at the weak You Er actually cracked his poison barrier cage, mourning the grief Bai Ruoqian said in surprise.

"This level of power is probably the dean of the Soul Academy, that is, this girl's teacher." Xiao Yan muttered.

"Swallowing Flame Technique!" As soon as the voice fell, Xiao Yan's strength suddenly soared, reaching the peak of the initial stage of Six-Star Dou Xian in an instant. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Fighting Soul!"

"The Third Transformation of the Dragon God!" With a cold snort, an illusory figure of a fighting spirit appeared on the surface of Xiao Yan's body, and even on a certain arm, strange dragon scales appeared for a while.

"Good boy, it's hidden so deeply..."

"But that lord is kind to me, so I won't let you go easily." The mourner Bai Ruo smiled slightly.

"Fire!"

"Immortal Flame Domain!" Xiao Yan was still worried when he noticed the extremely terrifying power of Bai Ruoqian in front of him The surface of his body was enveloped in the Undying Flame Domain, and only then did he feel relieved.

"Poison Barrier, Myriad Poison Devouring Heart Gu!" Seeing Xiao Yan so fully armed, Bai Ruoqian's eyes shrank suddenly, and immediately a surging dark green aura emerged from his body like a sea of ​​water. After a while, it turned into Waves of dark green mist roared away at Xiao Yan.

"No, it's too strong, Xiao Yan, let's retire."

"If this goes on, we will all die here." You'er was unable to do anything because he had just performed an extremely tyrannical soul attack, but looking at the roaring degree of the menacing dark green mist in front of him, he couldn't help but said.

"Hoohoo."

"Come on, just try that thing!" Xiao Yan heard the words, but did not retreat at all, the mysterious dragon scale on his arm exuded a majestic aura, and then Xiao Yan's palm gently touched the inside of the dragon scale, inside, There seems to be something terrifying, slowly emerging.

"Little guy, fall." Seeing Xiao Yan using many means, Bai Ruoqian spoke contemptuously like a **** of death.

Her natural talent, her status as a mourner, to display such a tyrannical attack, Xiao Yan's mere six-star fighting immortal fell here, can be regarded as a great honor.

Seeing the dark green mist full of death aura getting closer and closer, Xiao Yan knew that once it got the slightest bit of contamination, the two of them would instantly turn into a pool of blood.

"The pattern of the tyrant, the Mirage Spirit Curtain!" But just when Bai Ruoxi felt that Xiao Yan was going to die, a loud roar, like the sound of thunder, filled the entire poison barrier. At the same time, a sky curtain appeared out of thin air. Appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

The real canopy, like a pillar of optimism, easily resists the dark green poison barrier mist!

At this moment, everything was silent, and even the air became frozen.