Chapter Vol 4 2051: Dragon God Transformation 4th Transformation, Half-Dragon Transformation!

"Ancient... Longyuan blood crystal?" Xun'er looked at Xiao Yan with picturesque brows, and looked at Xiao Yan with a little surprise. With her tyrannical strength and perception, naturally from the gray cloud on the rocky area of ​​the stromato cloud in the valley, Smelled a very oppressive breath.

To be able to make Xun'er, who is as tyrannical as the eight-star fighting fairy in the middle stage, produce such terrifying fluctuations, the things in this gray light group are absolutely extraordinary!

"This is a good thing. I'm worried that I don't have the opportunity to cultivate in the fourth dragon **** transformation in my body. I didn't expect that this time, God would really help me." Xiao Yan nodded with a smile, his eyes became hot, and he couldn't help it. Gearing up, his body moved instantly and stepped into the rocky area of ​​​​the stratus cloud.

"This thing, to put it bluntly, is a spar containing the blood of the dragon family. The dragon family is the top-level existence in the world. Their bones, blood essence and blood are ingenious for human beings, but because of their lofty status Therefore, after the fall of each dragon clan, the strong ones in the clan will take action to take it back into the clan, and with their arrogance, it is impossible for the blood and essence of the dragon clan to be left in the Great Thousand World and be trampled by other creatures."

"However, this crystal is extremely mysterious. Its material is extremely strong. In addition, it grows in the volcanic lava for thousands of years and is poured by countless molten flames. It is formed in thousands of years and cultivated in 10,000 years. I have to guess. , I am afraid that these crystal blocks were attracted by some dying dragon powerhouses when they gathered spiritual wisdom, and rashly devoured the power and blood of the dragon powerhouses, causing some rare mutations to build such rare treasures."

"This kind of crystal block can retain and store dragon blood for a long time, which is a treasure for some strong people who practice dragon martial arts or rely on dragon blood." Xiao Yan could not contain his enthusiasm, and he continued to talk. speak up.

With a sound, flames rose from Xiao Yan's body, gently dissipating the gray mist covering the ancient dragon source crystal, and suddenly a few purple crystals resembling the shape of a dragon emerged.

"One, two, three... three dollars?"

"Moreover, the material is close to perfect, and there is the blood power of the orthodox dragon race inside, tsk tsk." With a glance, Xiao Yan couldn't help but click his tongue secretly, his luck was too good, right?

There are obviously a lot of tyrannical restrictions around the crystal, but Xiao Yanxiu has the Dragon God Transformation, these restrictions are naturally not worth mentioning to Xiao Yan.

"Xun'er, there are still two days before the auction starts. Wait for me one day. I will successfully cultivate the fourth transformation of the dragon **** here, and we will leave here." Xiao Yan was quite excited, and after he finished speaking, he gently divided the rule. A piece of Dragon Origin Crystal slowly began the cultivation of the fourth transformation of the Dragon God Transformation.

"Hmph... What an idiot, I look much better than these two broken crystals..." Seeing Xiao Yan like this, Xun'er was both relieved and angry, the little tiger teeth buzzing like a witch who eats people Generally evil and charming, but the remaining two ancient dragon source crystals were carefully put away by Xun'er and temporarily kept for Xiao Yan, waiting for Xiao Yan to successfully cultivate and hand them over to him.

The Shangyuan Dragon Origin Crystal is shaped like a miniature dragon, about the size of a few palms, but the extremely obvious blood color on the crystal contains some kind of unrivaled terrifying power.

That is the blood power of the exclusive dragon family! Moreover, if there is no dragon breath to attract, if you open the crystal block rashly, I am afraid that it will be cleaned up by backlash, and there will be no corpses.

After doing all this, Xun'er was slightly vigilant around the valley, waiting for Xiao Yan's success, but Xun'er was a few dozen meters away from Xiao Yan and found a high platform to sit down, her flawless feet swaying slightly. , quite beautiful.

"The first transformation of the Dragon God tempered the body, the second transformation into the dragon's might, the third transformation into the dragon arm, and the scales of the underlord, I don't know what this fourth transformation will be?" Long Yuanjing was held in Xiao Yan's hand. Suddenly, warm currents slowly flowed over Longyuanjing, apparently attracted by the dragon aura in Xiao Yan's body.

Through the existence of the Dragon Blood Emperor, Xiao Yan already knew that the fifth transformation of the Dragon God Transformation was the Dragon God Claw, but he had some expectations for the fourth transformation.

Under the claws of the Dragon God, all things are annihilated, but the Dragon God Transformation can only be cultivated one by one, so there is no need to worry.

"Dragon God Transformation Fourth Transformation!"

"The body is tempered with the blood of the dragon family, combined with the first three transformations of the dragon god."

"Make your body as tyrannical as a dragon clan, and after the fourth transformation, the body has unpredictable terrifying power!" With the existence of this ancient dragon source spar, Xiao Yan's soul power penetrated into the body, and slowly probed. The cultivation route of the fourth transformation of the Dragon God Transformation, the ancient Sanskrit sounds filled Xiao Yan's mind.

"There is no specific explanation... It's strange."

"Forget it, it's more important to do business."

"Break it for me!" In an instant, Xiao Yan couldn't help being overjoyed, and the dazzling amber holy flames rushed out, slowly burning Longyuanjing.

However, the firmness of the ancient dragon source spar even exceeded Xiao Yan's estimation. Even if it was quenched and burned with the source of holy flame, it took a full six hours to loosen it. The power of burning, I am afraid it will take a few days, if it is an ordinary flame, it seems to take more than a few months.

"It's started." After six hours, Xiao Yan's breath returned to its peak, and his eyes were very solemn, and he slowly stared at Long Yuanjing.

Long Yuanjing was scorched and opened, and suddenly turned into a fiery red energy dragon, quietly crawling in front of Xiao Yan, even so, Xiao Yan felt heart palpitations.

The more tyrannical the force, the greater the price that needs to be paid.

"Boom!" With a sound, the dazzling suction force emerged from Xiao Yan's body. Immediately, he inhaled the energy dragon containing the essence of dragon blood into his body and began to temper it.

"Weng buzzing!" The energy dragon just arrived on Xiao Yan's skin, and before it entered the body, a miserable roar suddenly emerged!

Although the fourth transformation of the Dragon God transformation now requires dragon blood tempering, it is completely different from the tempering of the first transformation!

If it is said that the tempering of the first transformation is only on the body and skin, it is difficult that the tempering of the fourth transformation is derived from the soul and penetrates into the bone marrow and limbs. The pain can not help but numb people. Those who are not firm, I am afraid it is easy to go crazy and get lost.

"Brother Xiao Yan..." Seeing Xiao Yan's body fiery red and a fiery red energy dragon jumping up and down his body, Xun'er couldn't help clenching her slender hand tightly, her tone solemn.

"No need..." Seemingly aware that Xun'er was about to make a move, Xiao Yan suddenly forced a smile and said with a smile, his body was tense, his hair stood up, and a drop of sweat kept dripping down.

"Hey!" After a few minutes, the rare roar and torture slowly disappeared, and Xiao Yan's body swept out of the supreme dragon domineering, and his body, which was also a human body from the beginning, unexpectedly met for a while. Become a human being, a ghost or a ghost?

That kind of appearance is extremely appalling, and the body is actually half human and half dragon.

​​

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: