Chapter 346: The shock from the Golden Dragon King!

"damn it!"

"Master!" Xiao Yan also shouted loudly.

There was no way out of this, how did Xiao Yan know that Yu Xuan suddenly became furious!

Even if Yu Xuan in the normal state has the strength of the eight-star Dou Di Perfection level, Xiao Yan is not able to fight. If Yu Xuan is in this state of rage, then Xiao Yan's survivability is small and pitiful, let alone pitiful. confronted head-on.

"This Yuxuan is the patriarch of the Tianmuyu clan, and he actually treats Xiao Yanzi like this..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Could it be..." The Golden Dragon King also seemed to be thinking about something, and then said slowly, the next moment he also walked towards Xiao Yan's place.

"Humph!" Yu Xuan, who was beside him, also found that he had missed the shot, then turned his head again and roared away at Xiao Yan.

However, his anger has also decreased a lot.

After all, he clearly hit this person just now, why did he appear in front of him so well...

This human being filled with flame aura does not seem to be simple. Although Yu Xuan can feel that Xiao Yan is only a mid-stage four-star Dou Emperor, the flame aura all over his body makes Yu Xuan feel extremely uneasy.

What's more serious is that Yu Xuan seems to have felt a frightening fluctuation from this passage, but he has never noticed it.

"Senior, wait a minute!" Xiao Yan frowned as he watched Yu Xuanzai attacking him, and then waved.

Obviously, Xiao Yan at this time also knew that no matter what he did, he would not be the opponent of Yu Xuan, who was at the perfect level of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor.

"Boy, where did this flame aura come from in your body?" Yu Xuan also knew that he had just disregarded his image, and that the patriarch of his dignified Tianmuyu clan actually attacked this boy angrily, and now he feels a little regretful when he thinks about it.

"Hehe, let me do it." The Golden Dragon King watched the play, and seemed to notice that Yu Xuan had stopped attacking, and then slowly appeared.

It's strange to say, just now the Golden Dragon King existed in the passage with the power of soul, and Yu Xuan didn't find out, the strength of the Golden Dragon King, even the current soul body, is so terrifying!

"Who is it!" Yu Xuan also shouted angrily, because from the deep voice just now, Yu Xuan felt a tremor from the depths of his soul!

This kind of tremor can only appear on a strong person who is much stronger than himself!

He Yuxuan himself is the patriarch of the Tianmuyu clan, an eight-star Dou Emperor Perfection level powerhouse, if he is stronger than this...

As soon as the Golden Dragon King's voice fell, he appeared.

Golden light filled his body, and then a pair of dragon eyes slowly stared at Yu Xuan with a smile on his face.

"Haha, how cool is it to bully my disciple?" The Golden Dragon King just dropped his voice, and he attacked Yu Xuan without saying a word!

The human-like Golden Dragon King just appeared, but without saying a word, he launched an attack on Yu Xuan.

He raised his slightly pale palm and attacked it viciously.

The next moment, the golden dragon king's palm swelled up instantly, turning into dragon claws, golden scales covered the entire palm, and the terrifying power above the dragon claws also permeated, and then he roared away at Yu Xuan!

"My master is trying to confront Yu Xuan head-on!" Xiao Yan also said in his heart.

Legend has it that the Golden Dragon King is the strongest person closest to the Dragon God, so even in the current state of the soul body, his strength is not as strong as before, and it is easy to deal with Yu Xuan, not to mention that the Golden Dragon King is a strong man with power to the limit. .

If it is with the power of the flesh, I am afraid that this continent is also unmatched.

"Cough, cough..." Yu Xuan's expression became ugly when he faced the terrifying blow from the Golden Dragon King!

Because of the brief collision just now, Yu Xuan also knew that he had used almost all of his fighting qi power to defend, so he still had the disadvantage.

After a brief collision, the fighting spirit in Yu Xuan's body also became disordered. The reason was because of the seemingly random strike from the Golden Dragon King.

Xiao Yan watched the battle from the sidelines, but Xiao Yan also found that since the arm of his master turned into dragon claws, the aura of his whole body has become as stable as Mount Tai.

Then the next moment, the Golden Dragon King's dragon claws and Yu Xuan's fighting spirit attacked together viciously. Even this enclosed space became extremely unstable, which was obviously caused by the Golden Dragon King's power.

"Haha, you have no right to know who I am." After the short fight against Yu Xuan, the Golden Dragon King pulled his hand away, and then slowly uttered a sentence.

Hearing this, Yu Xuan was not at all unhappy. After all, this is a world where the strong are respected. The strength of the mysterious power in front of him is too terrifying, and Yu Xuan can only restrain his displeasure.

But Yu Xuan also noticed the arrogant tone of the mysterious powerhouse's words.

"Aren't you from the Xuanling royal family?" Yu Xuan also understood at this time, and he seemed to be wrongly blaming this human boy with milky white flames all over his body.

Although he also has the aura of flames on his body, he is obviously not on the same level as the group of people who destroyed their family before.

"Senior, I just summoned your remnant soul to challenge you, but you chased me like crazy and attacked me. If I hadn't had some life-saving means, I wouldn't have survived the terrifying attack just now... ..." Xiao Yan also walked up slowly, and then calmed down to Yu Xuandao, who seemed to know the truth.

"When you summoned me just now, I felt that there was an extremely huge flame power in you..."

"This power seems to have the same effect as the Xuanling royal family that destroyed our family thousands of years ago, so I also attacked you out of revenge..." Yu Xuan was also short-lived. Slowly after thinking about it.

Although this is just a trace of the remnant of the soul, it is still wise.

Therefore, after a brief fight with the Golden Dragon King, he knew that Xiao Yan was not the culprit, and immediately let go of his role as a strong man.

After all, there is no way, this mysterious old man in front of him, just looking at his breath, is like an abyss. The tyranny of the attack just now is probably at least a powerhouse at the peak of Dou Di...

So Yu Xuan was also polite to him.

"This..." At first, Xiao Yan didn't know why Yu Xuan launched an extremely terrifying attack on him as soon as he came out, but now that he heard Yu Xuan's words, he was immediately full of black lines...

"You said that the culprit who destroyed your clan thousands of years ago also possessed the power of flame?" The reason why the Golden Dragon King on the side just launched an attack on Yuxuan was to shock Yuxuan. After all, only the strong would Respectful.

Seeing that his goal was achieved, he didn't speak, but the next moment, listening to Yu Xuan's words, he suddenly thought of something.

"The power of fire..."

"Could it be Sheng Yan!" Xiao Yan heard the words, his eyes also became hot, and then stared at Yu Xuan blankly.

Ask for tickets!