Chapter Vol 2 697: The real Fire Heart Tianyan!

"Ah, ah!" With the power of many holy flames in the holy flame space whizzing away at Xinyan, at that time, Xinyan's painful feeling spread throughout the body, and Xinyan could feel the holy flame aura in his body. slowly lost.

It feels like that, it seems that the power of the holy flame in my body is being swallowed up by the holy flame space!

"Go ahead, this Xinyan has great ambitions, and its strength is also higher than that of the Nine-Star Dou Emperor. The strength of the fusion of the two of us is at most one Rank Nine-Star Dou Emperor. If it is delayed, I am afraid..."

"And we only have one minute!" Xiao Yi was already attached to Xiao Yan's body, and immediately spoke up.

Xiao Yan didn't know where this kind of possession came from, but the only thing Xiao Yan knew was that this kind of possession was unique to Xiao Yi and himself, and even other powerhouses never possessed it!

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"one two three four!"

"Four feet at once!" Xiao Yan's voice suddenly emerged, and then the dazzling and splendid power of flames burst out of the body in an instant, converging on the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

As the Yihuo Henggu Chi absorbed such a terrifying flame power, it immediately made a burst of "Weng hum!" An extremely pleasant roar, as if it had spiritual wisdom!

"Bastard!" Xinyan couldn't help scolding, but she still felt quite a headache in the face of the terrifying fire body that Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi merged.

I still underestimated Xiao Yan’s strength. I didn’t expect that Xiao Yan had only swallowed the holy flame for a few days. He was so familiar with the use of the holy flame space and holy flame. There is a trace of fear in my heart!

"Go!" Xiao Yan's sharp-eyed hands held the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and flames seemed to surrender to the monarch.

Xeon's breath is undoubtedly much stronger than before!

"Is this the strength of a nine-star Dou Di level powerhouse..." Xiao Yan couldn't help his eyelids twitching.

Xiaoyi is possessed, and her aura has soared to the level of a nine-star fighting emperor at this moment. Even if this strength is only for one minute, it is a genuine nine-star fighting emperor!

"Plop!" With a sound, the Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler didn't block it in the slightest, and sank directly into Xinyan's body.

"Cough, cough..." Just as the terrifying Yihuo Heng ancient ruler sank into Xinyan's chest, Xinyan coughed violently, but there was no hesitation, but a surprise!

At that time, Xiao Yan felt a little strange.

"This guy, have you given up your resistance..." Xiao Yan stared at Xinyan, who had been hit by his Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler, and opened his mouth slightly.

"Shabu Shabu!" The Yihuo Heng ancient ruler just submerged into Xinyan's body, and suddenly Xinyan's body burst with a sound, and a dazzling black liquid slowly flowed out.

As this dazzling liquid flowed out, Xiao Yan suddenly felt a tingling sensation on his scalp!

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Yan, today, you will die!" Xinyan roared, and then the black liquid picture became squirming, and then in the next scene, the terrifying energy group that had just swallowed countless dead beasts suddenly appeared in his hands!

The next moment, the smile solidified in an instant, the palm suddenly exerted force, squeezed directly, and the terrifying force was immediately burst open!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying heat wave spread wave after wave, Xiao Yan couldn't help but be startled when he saw this, he hurriedly pulled back the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, and looked at Xinyan with a dignified expression.

At this time, Xinyan seems to have fallen into a frenzy!

The power of those dead beasts that had just been swallowed has been slowly digested by Xinyan. If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's attack, this terrifying energy would not have overflowed!

"Immortal body!" Xiao Yan suddenly called out, and above the body, a golden immortal body appeared!

But this time, after the appearance of the immortal body, it was not the same as before, but with an immortal aura, it directly resisted the attack of Xinyan!

"Humph!"

"I will use the Holy Flame Spirit to burn the flames and destroy Xiao Yan!" The next moment, Xinyan's mouth burst into laughter, extremely crazy!

"Boom boom boom!" The energy group condensed by countless dead beasts in the Luoling Mountain swallowed by Xinyan suddenly erupted, and waves of death waves were born in an instant!

When Xiao Yan saw this, the splendid emperor flames and the khaki-yellow holy flames were burning rapidly, and then the golden immortal body all over his body collided rapidly, constantly resisting the dead beast energy group.

It's just that Xinyan's figure was slowly disappearing. With the explosion of the dead beast energy group, he actually tried to kill Xiao Yan with the power of self-destruction!

"It's such a terrifying power... If it wasn't for Xiao Yi, I'm afraid it would be really tricky."

"However..." Xiao Yan smiled, and the strength of the Nine Star Dou Emperor suddenly appeared!

"Break it for me!" His hands were suddenly raised, Emperor Yan in his right hand, Holy Flame in his left hand, and the golden yellow giant's hands exuded terrifying power, roaring towards the dead beast energy group!

"Boom boom boom!" In just a few breaths, the group of dead beasts condensed by countless dead beasts will be destroyed by Xiao Yan.

After all, Xiao Yan is now possessed by the fire elf Xiao Yi, and the strength of the Nine Star Dou Di is enough to walk sideways across the entire Luoling Mountain!

"Go to hell!" Xiao Yan had just destroyed the dead beast energy group, and suddenly only asked Xinyan's last cry, and then a cloud of khaki flames rushed towards him.

"A small part of the source of holy flame..." Xiao Yan felt the power of the source of holy flame from this khaki flame, and this heart rock actually stole the source of holy flame!

The reason why holy flame can be called holy flame is because it has the origin of holy flame. .

"We can only fight!" Xiao Yan gave a wry smile, and countless fighting qi frantically poured out of his body.

"Huh..." However, just as Xiao Yan was preparing for the first battle, Xiao Yan felt that the beast of flames slowly awakened in the sea of ​​vindictive energy in his body, just like the awakening of a wild beast. The indescribable strong breath permeates out!

The next moment, the flaming beast pursed its mouth towards the Saint Yanjing suspended in the sea of ​​fighting qi, and then the holy flame crystal sent out a burst of dissatisfaction, but it was better than the pressure of the fierce flaming beast, and could only float out of the sea of ​​fighting qi!

Immediately appeared in front of Xiao Yan!

"This is..." Xiao Yan's expression was solemn, as if he had thought of something from the Saint Flame Crystal in front of him.

"Weng Om!" Sheng Yanjing stood directly in front of Xiao Yan, and then the original slap-sized Sheng Yanjing suddenly swelled hundreds of feet!

Xiao Yan was taken aback by this sudden scene, but he quickly recovered.

"This Saint Yanjing seems to want to take back his source power?" Xiao Yan said in his heart.

"Shabu Shabu!" Xinyan burned herself to kill Xiao Yan, and naturally he had his backhand. After all, as long as Xiao Yan or Sheng Yan was devoured, rebirth would be extremely easy.

It's just that Xinyan underestimated the power of Saint Flame Crystal.

Sheng Yanjing's voice flickered directly, then opened his **** mouth, and instantly devoured the power of his own source to burn the heart rock and enter!

With such devouring, Sheng Yanjing became satisfied with the size of a palm at the beginning, and slowly returned to Xiao Yan's palm.

As for Xiao Yan, he was stunned the whole time.

However, Xiao Yan felt that Xinyan should have completely fallen, and there seemed to be some changes in the Fire Heart Tianyan in his body!

Ask for tickets!