Chapter Vol 4 1186: enemy

"Be careful." Seeing this, the woman directly bumped into his chest, and then he questioned himself fiercely. He couldn't help but raise his voice a few decibels.

"You you you!" Yu Xiaoye just didn't notice Xiao Yan because of the passers-by who were staring at her restlessly. Although she was at fault first, she was still a little unhappy after being disciplined by Xiao Yan. stand up.

What kind of character is she, Yu Xiaoye, she is the dignified young lady of the Yu family, how could she be so reprimanded by a strange man.

"Please let me go." The next moment, Xiao Yan spoke directly regardless of what happened to the woman.

However, Xiao Yan was still a little surprised, because this Jade Leaflet's strength actually reached the late stage of One Star Fighting Immortal, and Xiao Yan could vaguely feel a strong fluctuation from her body.

"Wait for me!" Yu Xiaoye blushed when Xiao Yan said so, and it took a long time before she could say a word.

After a while, Xiao Yan directly bypassed Yu Xiaoye and headed towards the City Lord's Mansion.

"Yep?"

"This guy is actually going to the City Lord's Mansion... It's fun." Yu Xiaoye seemed to have found some way to figure out Xiao Yan, smiled slowly, and instantly drowned in the crowd of people, also heading towards the City Lord's Mansion.

"This guy, why are you following me?" And Xiao Yan's huge soul power naturally easily noticed that this jade leaflet was following him, and couldn't help saying.

"This woman's aura doesn't look like someone from Ghost King City." The Soul Eater said for a while.

"Oh?"

"Not from the Ghost King City?"

"Looking at my age, I should be about the same age, but my strength has actually reached the late stage of One Star Fighting Immortal. Could it be..." After being said by the Master of Soul Eater, Xiao Yan nodded secretly, as if he knew something.

In just a few minutes, Xiao Yan came to the main gate of the City Lord's Mansion.

Above the main entrance, three splendid characters of "City Lord's Mansion" slowly stand above the plaque, and there are also groups of patrolling soldiers coming in and out at the door.

"Sir Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan's figure was naturally known to the city lord's mansion, so Xiao Yan just appeared at the main entrance, and suddenly a soldier greeted him with a smile.

"Butler Mu, is the city lord here?" Xiao Yan laughed when he saw that it was Butler Mu.

This Butler Mu has a high status in the City Lord's Mansion, second only to Bai He and Li Qin, and is also in charge of the City Lord's Mansion.

"Hehe, the city lord is in the study at the moment."

"I've been waiting for you for a long time." Butler Mu said with a slow smile.

"That's the trouble for Butler Mu to lead the way." Xiao Yan also laughed when he heard this.

"It's a great honor." Butler Mu heard this, and just opened his legs to walk, but was shocked by a coquettish anger.

"Butler Mu, this guy is trying to molest me, take him down for me!" A figure jumped out from behind, and then said angrily to Butler Mu.

гӮЎж–°гғӨ~в‘§~1~дёӯж–ҮзҪ‘ПүПүПү.ПҮ~в’Ҹ~1zСү.cГІРј

"This..." The next moment, butler Mu, who was originally smiling, looked extremely ugly.

Because the woman who spoke up was a powerful person, and this Xiao Yan had reached the level of a third-grade imperial pharmacist at a young age. If there was no background behind it, no one would believe it. This made it difficult for Butler Mu to deal with it.

"What, Steward Mu, is what I said useless?" Seeing Steward Mu staying in place for a while, not knowing what to do, Yu Xiaoye opened her mouth, and there was a hint of impatience in her voice.

"Forget it, Butler Mu, I'll go in by myself." Xiao Yan glanced at Yu Xiaoye, shook his head slowly, and said to Butler Mu. After speaking, he stepped into the City Lord's Mansion and walked towards the study.

"Hehe, I'll send it to your lord." After a short thought, Butler Mu finally decided to stand on Xiao Yan's side, for nothing else, the title of the third-rank emperor-rank pharmacist might scare everything.

"Ah ah ah!"

"I'm so **** that a little housekeeper doesn't listen to me!"

"Looking back, I must let Uncle Feng Feng resign you!" Yu Xiaoye hit a wall everywhere today and couldn't help roaring.

"Butler Mu, who was that arrogant and domineering woman just now?" She just left Yu Xiaoye and asked with a smile.

"That Nizi is from the Yu family, and she is also one of the team responsible for escorting you to Dongzhou this time."

"According to the city lord, they are responsible for sending you to Dongzhou safely, and you only need to solve some soul power issues for them on the way." Butler Mu said with a smile.

"The Yu family..." Xiao Yan muttered when he heard the words.

"The Yu family is also considered a famous person in the entire Dongzhou. You can rest assured about their trust and strength." Butler Mu explained.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded lightly.

"Sir, the city lord is in front. I have something to do, so I will retire first." After a while, Butler Mu brought Xiao Yan to the study, and then left slowly.

"Huhu." When Butler Mu left, Xiao Yan immediately walked towards Shufangzhai.

"

dong dong dong! "The crisp knock on the door sounded slowly.

"Come in." A dull voice sounded slowly.

"Lord City Lord is really in great interest." Xiao Yan heard the words, pushed open the door and entered, and immediately in front of him, Death Feng was holding an ancient yellow sheepskin scroll carefully.

"Xiao Yan, are you out?" After seeing that the person who came was Xiao Yan, he was overjoyed, and even the scroll on his palm was temporarily put down.

"I adjusted my body's aura a few days ago, and I accidentally closed myself too far. I hope the city master..." Xiao laughed. He just wanted to explain, but was interrupted by Death Wind.

"It's okay."

"Since you're out of the customs, I'll take you to meet them."

"They are in a hurry. If there is no accident, they will set off in the afternoon." After the death wind said, he directly took Xiao Yan Chaoyu's residence and left.

"Second Uncle!" Yu Xiaoye hit the wall everywhere today, and after returning, she couldn't help but spit bitterness towards her second ~ Xiaoye, what's wrong? "

"So unhappy, who bullied you?" Yu Yifeng was sitting on the pavilion in the courtyard, smiling.

"I just went out and met a boy who didn't know how high the sky is. Although I bumped into him, he ignored me indiscriminately, I..." Yu Xiaoye was speechless.

"Hehe, this is not the Yu family. The third brother asked me to take you out, but also to poke at your arrogant and unreasonable aura. Someone did it for me. I have to thank him well." Yu Yifeng picked up the teacup and drank it. He laughed.

"Second uncle!"

"That guy is arrogant, and he doesn't even know why he still has a good relationship with the housekeeper..." Yu Xiaoye was about to talk a lot, but was interrupted by Yu Legacy.

"I remember Shu Feng said that the alchemist who was in charge of connecting with the alchemist this time was the butler of the screen, shouldn't that guy be..." Yu Yifeng suddenly remembered something and exclaimed.

"Hehe, Lord Xiao Yan, here we are, they are right in front." The next moment, Dead Wind took Xiao Yan and slowly appeared in the gate of the courtyard.

"How can it beвҖҰвҖҰ"

"How could a guy like him be a third-grade imperial pharmacist?" At this moment, Yu Xiaoye's expression became extremely strange when he saw Xiao Yan!

Because he never imagined that he would randomly encounter a nasty guy who would be a high-level alchemist who was about to travel with them!

. Wonderful Bookstore