Chapter Vol 4 1249: invitation

"Father, let's just forget about it?" Ye Sheng and his group slowly left Yuzong's mansion. On the way, Ye Sheng thought more and more angrily.

"This matter is not that simple, I'm afraid we need to think about it in the long run." Ye Ku shook his head, obviously just a few times, the soul power that Xiao Yan radiated invisible, compared to Ye Ku's previous encounter with any strong person who cultivated soul power , must be strong!

However, the power of the soul is hard to guard against, even if it is as powerful as a three-star fighting immortal like him, he is extremely vigilant against the powerhouse who cultivates the soul. After all, once the soul is injured, it is extremely serious.

So without enough confidence, Ye Ku didn't dare to make a rash move. After all, he represented the entire Kuyezhai. If he fell, the entire Kuyezhai would also collapse.

"But..." Ye Sheng was still unwilling.

"No hurry, wait until the repair of the space teleportation formation is completed, and then go to Dongzhou, you have the time and means to clean them up..."

"Let them dance for a while."

"Furthermore, when they enter the space teleportation formation to repair, it will be the real decisive battle." Ye Ku shook his head and said.

Just when Yu Tianyue and Xiao Yan appeared, Ye Ku realized that Yu Tianyue's aura seemed to be stronger than before!

He Ye Ku and Yu Tianyue are both the strongest in Yecheng, the late Samsung Dou Xian!

If it's stronger than this, I'm afraid...

"I hope my guess is wrong, otherwise the old guy Yu Tianyue breaks through, and our Kuye Zhai will be the first to be attacked."

"When I go back today, I have to contact the people of that force. After all, their repair materials have arrived, so I'm afraid it's not too early." After Ye Ku finished speaking, he slowly returned to his mansion.

"Thank you for what happened just now, senior." Seeing Yu Tianyue helping him out of the siege, Xiao Yan felt grateful. After all, Ye Ku was a genuine three-star fighting immortal. If there is no such tyrannical Yu Tianyue The support, I am afraid, is too strong for the current Xiao Yan.

"Hehe, it doesn't matter, our Yuzong and their Kuyezhai are dead enemies, so it's a good thing to be so happy." Yu Tianyue laughed.

"I think your little friend's soul power is quite high, and the matter of refining the pharmacist just now is really serious, but I don't know your little friend's soul power..." Yu Tianyue seemed to have noticed something and spoke slowly.

There is no doubt that this guy Xiao Yan can severely injure Ye Sheng with one blow with his soul power, and even damage the source, so his soul power is probably not low.

"To be honest, Sect Master Yu, I am indeed a pharmacist, but the chief pharmacist is still the job. I am free and easy by nature, and I don't like to be restrained." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"The golden scales aren't something in the pool, so it's not hard to force others." Yu Tianyue didn't mean to force it, but Xiao Yan refused, but felt a little pity.

"I don't know why Sect Master Yu asked me about my soul power?" Xiao Yan naturally wouldn't be fooled by this guy, a chief pharmacist.

"Ask about the soul power of the little friend because we need a strong man who is proficient in soul power to repair the space teleportation formation..." At this moment, Yu Tianyue took the lead and walked towards the mansion, and when he turned around, Xiao Yan clearly When he noticed that Yu Tianyue was talking about the strong man who was proficient in soul power, he frowned.

"Need someone who is proficient in soul power?" Xiao Yan followed and returned to the hall.

"There are no outsiders here, so I'm not hiding anything from my little friend."

"The space teleportation formation was set up by the powerhouses in the Yin Soul Heaven, but it is filled with an extremely tyrannical power of space. This power can only be exerted by the powerhouses above the five-star Dou Xian."

"In other words, is this space teleportation formation created by a five-star fighting immortal?" Xiao Yan sucked in a breath of cold air.

The Lord of Soul Eater also said that in the ghost realm, a space teleportation formation is extremely expensive, and the most important one was set up by a five-star fighting emperor.

And the five-star fighting immortal powerhouse, this is probably the existence of phoenix feather water chestnut in any force. Although casting space teleportation formation is a fat, but this kind of thankless thing, they rarely do it , So many reasons why the space teleportation array is extremely rare.

"Not bad." Yu Tianyue nodded towards Xiao Yan.

"The formation is damaged now, but we have already prepared the source of the damage and the repair materials, but there is still a little thing missing, which is also the most important thing..." After Yu Tianyue finished speaking, he suddenly looked at Xiao Yan carefully, as if there was something wrong. Intend to be general.

"What else do you need?" Xiao Yan was a little puzzled. These guys are all three-star fighting immortals. Even if he tried his best, he might not be able to deal with the three-star fighting immortals. He didn't know what medicine this guy sold in the gourd.

"Soul power." Yu Tianyue didn't hide it, and smiled directly.

"what?"

"Soul power?" When Xiao Yan heard the words, his heart was shocked and he noticed something.

The casting of space formations can only be made by those who have the strength to reach the five-star Dou Xian. Although as a fighting formation, I am afraid that the gap can be shortened, but according to Xiao Yan's guess, I am afraid that only my own fighting formation master has reached 40,000 core inscriptions. Only then can the space teleportation be cast.

The most dangerous thing about the space teleportation formation is an element called the power of space.

The core of the space teleportation formation is the power of space, and the most dangerous one is the power of space.

After successfully casting the space teleportation formation, the power of space is stabilized, and there will be no danger in a short time, but as time goes by, the restraint of the power of space weakens, and many restless factors will suddenly appear, so it becomes the most dangerous.

At this time, once the power of space is unstable, the space teleportation array cannot be used, otherwise it will be teleported to an unknown place, it can be said to be the end of the world We need a strong person who is proficient in soul power. They enter the formation together to help us resist the erosion of the power of space, so as to help us complete the repair. "After a while, Yu Tianyue said, watching Xiao Yan fall into contemplation.

"The power of this space is something that the five-star fighting immortals are afraid of. I am a two-star fighting immortal boy, so..." Xiao Yan showed a refusal on the surface, ready to refuse, but his heart was full of laughter.

"Don't worry, little friend, it won't let you work in vain. If you have any needs, even if you ask, as long as it is owned by our Yuzong, it is no problem." Yu Tianyue is naturally distressed for the most important proficient soul powerhouse, And there is one in front of him, naturally he is trying his best to win.

After all, alchemists are very rare, not to mention that the ratio of Dongzhou is imminent at this time, and he can no longer hesitate.

The promise of Xiao Yan's benefits naturally also means to win over. Although Xiao Yanzhi is not here, it is quite good to have good intentions. Moreover, what Xiao Yan gets from their Rain Sect is related to the profits brought to them by the space teleportation formation. than, of course, is trivial.

"Haha, that junior is welcome..." Xiao Yan heard that the old guy finally said these words, and immediately laughed slowly.

And sensing Xiao Yan's malicious smile, Yu Tianyue suddenly felt that this time, he might bleed a lot!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Recently, it is still guaranteed for three shifts. The recommended monthly ticket is ten thousand rewards and more updates. Otherwise, the body will not be able to bear the five shifts, and the quality will also drop a lot.