Chapter Vol 2 737: Practice moving the sky ruler, move the sky!

"Humph."

"What a scroll of moving the sky ruler, but it hides such a mystery. If it hadn't been for Christmas, I'm afraid no one would be able to crack the secret of moving the sky ruler."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The pavilion owner of Burning Incense Pavilion should have the power of Sheng Yanzi Fire, but Sheng Yanzi Fire and Sheng Yan are two things after all."

"The holy flame is too precious. If I didn't get it by chance, I'm afraid I would have missed out on this fighting skill." Xiao Yan said slowly in his heart.

Just after Xiao Yan finished speaking, his eyes suddenly lit up. Xiao Yan didn't even have to think about it, he knew that he had arrived, and he had arrived at the independent space in the scroll of the Heaven-shifting Ruler.

The holy rank fighting skill is called the holy rank. The big reason is because the holy rank fighting skill has an independent space. Once the practitioner senses the cultivation method of the fighting skill, they will be led to the independent space. First, it protects the cultivators from being disturbed in their practice, and secondly, it also protects the holy-rank fighting skills. After all, if you are observed by others while you are cultivating, some people with extraordinary talents will easily learn it.

"It's so hot." Just as Xiao Yan opened his eyes, the dazzling sunlight scattered in an instant, and there was an extremely hot breath that followed. Although Xiao Yan had holy flames and strange fires on his body, the heat still made him feel hot. Xiao Yan was slightly surprised.

"Desert?" Just after getting used to the hot and dazzling light here, and after his eyes regained his vision, Xiao Yan immediately glanced around, and then the vast desert that stretched as far as the eye could see, like golden sand, looked extremely dazzling under the sunlight.

"It's really a big hand." Xiao Yan laughed.

According to Xiao Yan's perception, this huge desert is at least bigger than Xuan Santian's lonely desert of death. Such a huge handwriting is enough to show the strength of the creator of this fighting skill.

"According to the memory I just perceived, this method of cultivation should be here." Xiao Yan laughed, and then the dazzling holy flame suddenly condensed in his hand, and struck directly at a certain piece of sky in the desert.

Following Xiao Yan's blow like this, a golden phantom slowly appeared in the sky.

"After waiting for so many years, I finally welcomed someone with a predestined relationship." An old voice sounded from the old man's mouth.

"Junior Xiao Yan, I have seen Senior Shifting Heaven Ruler." Xiao Yan bowed slowly, facing the phantom in the sky.

This phantom is not a real entity, but just a phantom that records the cultivation method of the Heaven-shifting Ruler.

"Not bad, polite boy."

"The thirty-fifth of the Holy Flame List, Fire Heart Tianyan."

"Emperor-ranked pharmacist."

"Six Star Dou Di's complete strength." Xu Ying turned his head and commented on Xiao Yan.

This phantom has a face full of stubble, but the magnificent breath between the eyebrows is frightening, like heaven and earth!

"Senior, this junior is here for the cultivation method..." Xiao Yan naturally did not hide his strength at all. After all, the strength of the old man in front of him had at least reached the level of Dou Xian, so Xiao Yan asked directly. business.

"Hey, no hurry."

"Do you know why I need holy flame to practice this fighting skill?" Moving the Sky Ruler Void Shadow smiled at Xiao Yan.

"I don't know, but this fighting skill requires holy flame to be activated. This is really powerful. If it wasn't for this younger generation getting a holy flame by chance, I'm afraid they would be powerless. After all, holy flame fire can't start." Xiao Yan said.

"What you said is not bad. This fighting skill is the proud work of this immortal. If it is learned by some cats and dogs, wouldn't it be embarrassing?" Pride.

"Hehe, the ruler behind you is a good ruler."

"It is born from the condensation of flames. If the light wheel is ranked, I am afraid it can be ranked in the top ten of the fairy weapons. Even if it is not complete now, it is enough for you to practice the moving sky ruler." Moving the sky ruler phantom said. .

"It's not complete?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard the words, what kind of secret this ancient ruler of Eternal Fire holds.

"The secret of this ruler will naturally be known to you in the future. It's too early to tell you now." Tian Tianchi phantom smiled slowly.

"Okay, this phantom exists for a limited time. Next, I will teach you the specific cultivation method of moving the sky ruler. After you master it, I will use the last power of this phantom to demonstrate it to you. I hope that after you learn it, don't humiliate the prestige of this fighting skill," said the illusory shadow.

"Okay." Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, just sat down with his legs crossed and closed his eyes.

"Close your eyes and calm down, and accept what I pass on to you. These are some of my experiences in cultivating the Heaven-shifting Ruler." The phantom of the Heaven-shaking Ruler said solemnly.

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he immediately followed suit.

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, in Xiao Yan's mind, a huge amount of information kept pouring in. This information not only has the cultivation method of moving the sky ruler, but also has the experience of the practice of moving the sky ruler. For Xiao Yan, this was a huge fortune.

"Okay, that's all the way to cultivate the Heavenly Ruler, plus some of my experience, you can feel it yourself." After that, the shadow of the Heavenly Ruler stood quietly beside Xiao Yan, To protect Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan absorbed such a huge amount of information for a while. Immediately, soul power and spiritual power were simultaneously extracted, and he kept extracting this information. Then he carefully realized it in his heart. , In the face of Xiao Yan's eagerness to learn, Yi Tianchi Xuying is also willing to give pointers.

One day, ten days, twenty-seven days passed in an instant, and in a blink of an eye, it was three days before the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion closed.

Apart from the Dou Ji Pavilion, all the disciples had already been waiting here. The seven people who entered the deepest part of the Dou Ji Pavilion, except for Xiao Yan, the other six were all the treasures of the palace who had successfully cultivated their own temples.

"I think that Xiao Yan's kid is probably trapped inside. If Xiao Yan hasn't come out in a month, I'm afraid he will fall inside." Among the crowd, there were many people watching the fun, and they said immediately.

"Second senior brother, you said, Xiao Yan, will he succeed in the cultivation of the treasure of the palace that no one has successfully cultivated since its establishment..." Although Lingxuan successfully cultivated the treasure of the palace in her own palace, but She didn't feel complacent. After all, Ling Xuan knew that the fighting skills of this man's palace had not been successfully cultivated for thousands of years, and it was far more powerful than the fighting skills of their underground palace.

"I don't know, I think it's very possible."

"After all, this kid was chosen by Elder Zhu as a closed disciple." Senior brother Zhu Yuan shook his head slowly, although they did not have any deep hatred for Xiao Yan, but intuition told him that this Xiao Yan was by no means an ordinary person!

"Xiao Yan, you can't have anything to do, you promised to make medicinal pills for me." Qinxin on the side prayed for Xiao Yan As for Mu Yingying and a few people on the side, although There is no treasure of the Hall of Cultivation, but they all have a lot of fighting skills.

"Lao Mu, this Xiao Yan, should something happen?"

"If it doesn't come out within a month, I'm afraid we will take action afterwards, and the price will be a bit high." Xiong Yuan, who was in charge of opening and closing the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion, said to Mu Xuzi.

"Isn't it just a little price, I'll give it back to you." Mu Xuzi said in a huff when he heard the words.

"Laomu, I'm not telling you, if this Xiao Yan has learned the fighting skills of your Human Palace, let alone that bit of fighting skills, even if it is the medicinal pills of your Human Palace for the past ten years, I will pack it for you." Xiong Yuan saw that Mu Xuzi had a plan, and immediately made a bet.

Although the two knew each other, they could not avoid some battles.

"Okay." Mu Xuzi didn't even think about it, he simply agreed. For some reason, Mu Xuzi always had an inexplicable sense of expectation for Xiao Yan!

This guy entered the highest place in the Tongtian River and broke the record of the ninth-level cultivation cave, so it is not surprising that he is breaking a record now.

"Okay, it's a deal!" Seeing that Mu Xuzi agreed, Xiong Yuan immediately clapped his hands and said, I don't know why, Xiong Yuan seems to have met Mu Xuzi, a guy who is sure to lose every gamble, when he loses.

I don't know what's going on these days. I have a cold, fever and ear infection. The situation is a bit bad, but I have taken medicine and injections and it is slowly getting better. It's just that the plot of the past few days has been written a little bit badly. I hope everyone is sorry. Next week It's a big outbreak after recovery hehe ^_^