Chapter Vol 4 1700: Join forces!

"What's the situation?" Xiao Yan couldn't help roaring just now when he was pulled into the dark path at the bottom of the desert by the shadow of the black robe, but fortunately, Xiao Yan found that the man in black robe did not have any malicious intent, and there was even a trace of it. Familiar with the breath, and immediately did not struggle.

The two had just entered the area below the desert, and the aura of the man in black robe was immediately concealed by him, and before Xiao Yan could speak, the next scene happened.

"Shhhh." The black robe Qianying stretched out the jade hand hidden under the black robe and said to Xiao Yan's strokes.

"..." The two of them were quiet at first, and they only spoke when the storm above the desert slowly disappeared.

"It was the patrolling soldiers in Li Soul Territory just now. If they found out, I'm afraid that the two of us would be in different places at this time." After a while, Hei Pao Qianying's tense heartstrings loosened a little, and he swayed out. With a lazy look, he came to Xiao Yan and sat down on a rock.

"You..." Xiao Yan was surprised when he saw this scene.

"Xiao Yan, we meet again." After a while, the black robe Qianying took off the black robe. Showing a very ordinary appearance, he said.

"It really is You Er." Looking at the illusory soul body in front of him, Xiao Yan said with a smile, confirming his guess at a glance.

"By the way, why are you here?"

"Why did you enter here at this time?" The two first glanced at each other, and then spoke at the same time, with an unbelievable look in their voices.

"I'm here to find the Lord of the Soul, and I want to confirm something." You Er did not shy away, and said directly, regarding Xiao Yan, You Er has subconsciously listed Xiao Yan as an existence that is not an enemy. On the contrary, it is a friend-like existence, and it is easy to talk to each other.

"I said before that I will come here sooner or later, although it's just to look for Acacia and Broken Enteritis." Xiao Yan smiled casually when he heard the words, but there was an imperceptible sadness in his voice.

"Although I don't know why you are looking for Acacia Broken Enteritis, but Acacia Broken Enteritis does have the effect of the flesh and bones of the living dead, I wish you good luck." You Er said slightly.

"If that's the case, we might as well work together and get what we need from each other." Hearing this, Xiao Yan laughed. Xiao Yan knew that although You'er was not strong, as one of the few people in the Soul Academy, he was very concerned about The resentment of Lord Li Soul and the location of the shrine are very familiar to him. For this guy, You Er, Xiao Yan is still at ease, so there is naturally no problem with these words.

"cooperate?"

"Wait, you have successfully swallowed the undead fire?" Hearing Xiao Yan's words, You Er didn't have time to think, but found that Xiao Yan's power was no longer what it used to be, and suddenly asked in doubt.

This kind of skyrocketing power, unless it devours the undead fire, it is impossible to believe that Potian Youer can only devour the holy flame to increase his power, which has nothing to do with what they are studying.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, raised his palm, and a gray flame emerged.

Gray flame, undead fire.

"Sure enough, it is Immortal Fire." Seeing this scene, You Er felt a hint of envy in her heart. Originally, according to her teacher's wishes, Immortal Fire and Acacia Broken Enteritis would both be hers, but helpless Xiao Yan's appearance destroyed her. plan.

However, You Er was not displeased with this, but rather happy, because the kind of pain that the ghosts need to endure to devour the holy flames made him fearful, and it was the torture that his teacher saw that was like a cripple. It was only because of remorse that he kept a hand when the research was successful, so that now You Er still has the means to threaten the Lord of Li Soul, but Xiao Yan doesn't know it.

"Okay."

"I came this time with a mission. This time, either the Lord of the Souls will fall, or I will die." Seeing Xiao Yan's enthusiasm, You Er agreed without hesitation.

"Since we made an appointment like this, what should we do now?" Xiao Yan felt relieved after hearing You Er's promise.

"Now we are in a wild and ghostly desert, and according to my teacher's information, the three-way powerhouse has been fighting for a long time now, even in the critical moment of Li Soul Domain, the Lord of Li Soul still does not show up. At that time, he was probably hiding in retreat in one of the four major temples, we must find his location before we can move on to the next step." You Er said.

"My soul power has not sensed his specific location now, but according to my sense, all the temples are filled with the breath of the master of the soul, I am afraid that before he starts to retreat, he expects that there will be today. , so left some distractions..."

"We only have one chance." Xiao Yan analyzed, and after speaking, his dazzling eyes couldn't help but stare at the quiet shadow under the black robe.

"A quarter chance?" You Er heard the words, but smiled slowly, as if not in a hurry.

"The shrine of Lord Li Soul is divided into four major shrines. Among them, the north shrine is the most powerful in combat, and the west shrine is the weakest." You Er ignored him and continued.

"What does this have to do with the Master of Soul Li?" Xiao Yan was a little confused and couldn't help but wonder.

"In the past, the Lord of Li Soul basically existed in the North Temple, and the North Temple was the strongest among the four temples, and there was also the existence of Li Soul Guard..."

"So, where do you think Lord Li Soul will choose to retreat?" After You Er finished speaking, a fiery breath permeated from under the black robe.

"The Master of Li Soul is cautious by nature, and will never put such an important matter in danger..."

"He will definitely choose the safest place, so I think the Lord of Li Soul should choose to retreat in the West Temple." Xiao Yan raised his head and said, for some reason Every time he looked up, he looked at the west side of the temple. When Xiao Yan was in the shrine, a trace of flame fluctuations permeated out of Xiao Yan's body, which was obviously the power of Sheng Yan.

"Oh..." Hearing Xiao Yan say this, You Er's voice was full of surprise.

"How is it?" Xiao Yan asked.

"According to my information, if there is no mistake, the Lord Li Soul should indeed be in the West Temple, but I can't say for sure about this kind of thing, you'd better think about it clearly, once this time fails or the information is wrong, Acacia will die. There is no chance." After a while, You Er directly told Xiao Yan the priorities of the matter.

"It's okay, let's go, I believe the Lord of Li Soul also knows."

"The most dangerous place is the safest place." Xiao Yan heard that, if he smiled, he didn't have too many worries.

"Let's go." As soon as the voice fell, the two of them formed a team. After disguising, they left the path under the sheath and walked towards the West Temple. After all, this path was only opened at zero hour and could not exist for a long time.

The West Temple, this is the weakest place among the four temples, but it is also full of danger, because the strength of the hidden powers in the four temples is basically in the ranks of the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals, even among the four temples. The weakest in the West Temple, the power of the temple master is also full of eight stars.

This time, on the journey to the temple of the Lord of Souls, it was unknown whether the two Xiao Yan were waiting for them, whether it was lovesickness or an unprecedented disaster.