Chapter Vol 4 1284: Alchemy!

"This guy." Tan Chen watched Xiao Yan take the Najie and the prescription, and was not busy refining the fire, so he couldn't help but look forward to Xiao Yan more and more.

It stands to reason that Xiao Yan's soul power in the middle stage of Taixu can at most be able to refine a fourth-grade earth-level elixir of immortal rank. Tan Chen had some expectations for Xiao Yan.

A day is fleeting.

During this day, Xiao Yan didn't move, just sat on the spot, not knowing what he was doing, and Hua Fei and Tan Chen were also inseparable. After all, refining medicinal pills is not a trivial matter, and there is no room for sloppy, let alone an immortal rank. If there is any mistake in the refining pharmacist and the immortal pharmacist, it will be a huge loss to their refining pharmacist world.

"It's been a long time since I started refining medicinal pills. In one day, I adjusted the breath in my body to the peak, and I became more and more familiar with flames."

"Let's start." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he immediately wiggled lightly in the ring, and the three most important materials for refining the Immortal Spirit Pill appeared.

The first type is a dry spirit source branch about the size of an arm.

Withered Spirit Origin Branch, this is a branch and leaf of wood attribute, but it has some effects that few people know about, seal.

The second material is green and snow-white, like a piece of ice, the ice heart chalcedony, this thing has a very strong neutralizing effect.

As for the last one, swallowing spirit stones.

This is a kind of khaki-colored stone that looks exactly like other stones on the outside, but the tyrannical soul power lets Xiao Yan know that among the three materials, the only one that is most difficult to refine is the spirit-swallowing stone. of.

The Spirit Swallowing Stone must be refined, so that the sealing power of the Dry Spirit Origin Branch can seal it, plus the neutralization of Bing Xin Chalcedony and some other medicinal materials to form a fairy pill.

"Make a fire!" Xiao Yan's pupils narrowed slightly, and the dazzling soul power directly split into four strands, controlling the three medicinal materials and the medicine refining cauldron respectively.

"Boom!" As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, the three fiery red cauldrons in front of him suddenly became restless. The inside of the tripod was already filled with extremely rich flames beating around.

"This guy's fire attribute is intense, but he is much more arrogant than you." Just by looking at it, Tan Chen also discovered the unusualness of Xiao Yan's flames.

But Tan Chen obviously didn't know. What Xiao Yan used at this time was only the flame formed by his own Fire Attribute Dou Core through Burning Jue, and he did not use Holy Flame, otherwise it would be another look.

As for the reason why Xiao Yan's general fire attribute is stronger than others, the fundamental reason is that he has been tempered by Sheng Yan.

"What's so great about Huoqiang, I don't believe this guy can succeed!"

"Successful refining is a true genius!" Hua Fei defended.

"How about we make a bet?" Tan Chen said with a smile.

"Okay, Master, what do you want to bet on?" Hua Fei heard the words, but he didn't laugh. After all, his master claimed that he would lose every time he bet.

"I bet Xiao Yan can successfully refine the elixir and take over the elixir tribulation." Tan Chen said with a smile.

"Then I bet he can't." Hua Fei said with a smile. After all, Hua Fei is also an Immortal Rank Alchemist. He knows how difficult it is to refine Immortal Rank Fourth-Rank Heaven Rank medicinal pills. Although Xiao Yan has a good talent, he is still poor. a little.

"If I win, give me the silver mountain map from your home."

"If I lose, I'll give you a fifth-grade immortal-rank medicinal pill." Tan Chen said with a smile.

"No problem!" Hua Fei readily agreed upon hearing this.

It is said that there are quite a few of you in the Silver Mountain Map, but their family has never been able to find them, and the Silver Mountain Map is too insignificant compared to the Immortal Rank 5th Grade medicinal herbs.

After all, in the entire Eastern Continent, there are almost only a few strong people who can refine the Immortal Rank 5th Grade medicinal pills.

"This master and apprentice..." Xiao Yan didn't act rashly, he has been controlling the soul power, evenly distributing the flames in the cauldron, and the soul power is also exploring and thinking about how to refine the three medicinal materials as quickly as possible.

"Boom!" The fiery red flames have been flying around in the medicine cauldron, and even the temperature is getting higher and higher.

Xiao Yan didn't act rashly, because he didn't refine the medicine for too long, and he seemed unfamiliar, for fear of wasting the medicinal materials and time, so he kept looking for the feeling.

"It's almost there." After a short while, Xiao Yan finally recovered his medicine refining state, and snorted lightly, and immediately the swallowing spirit stone like a stone was thrown directly into the medicine refining cauldron.

"Crash!" At this time, the temperature in the medicine refining cauldron was extremely terrifying. In addition to the control of Xiao Yan's soul power, the swallowing spirit stone just poured in, and the overwhelming flames immediately surrounded it, releasing bursts of high temperature, trying to Refining the Spirit Swallowing Stone.

However, the Spirit Swallowing Stone was the main ingredient of the Immortal Spirit Pill. No matter how tyrannical the flames were at this time, Xiao Yan remained motionless, standing quietly in the medicine cauldron, letting the flames burn.

Xiao Yan is not in a hurry, because under the constant burning of the flame, the surface of the Spirit Swallowing Stone is slowly overflowing with traces of cracks. Obviously, with the passage of time, it will eventually be refined by himself.

"Next is Bingxin Chalcedony." Xiao Yan separated out a soul force, controlled the flame in the cauldron to refine it against the Spirit Swallowing Stone, and then separated out the soul force and swept the ice into the medicine refining cauldron. .

At the same time, separating the soul power to refine the medicinal materials, although the burden on the soul power and the self is not small, it is the most time-saving, but Xiao Yan's method is rarely followed by pharmacists. After all, if there is a mistake, only Start all over again.

"Weng Om!" The temperature of the flame inside the medicine refining cauldron was extremely high But with the addition of Bingxin Chalcedony, the temperature of the entire medicine refining cauldron suddenly dropped.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan did not panic, the dazzling soul power continued to emerge, and then poured into the medicine refining cauldron.

Immediately afterward, the Withered Spirit Origin Branch and some medicinal materials that neutralize the medicinal power were all under Xiao Yan's control, and were continuously thrown into the cauldron. With the high temperature of the flame, they were slowly refined.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This guy is really bold and careful." Seeing Xiao Yan concentrating on refining medicinal pills, Hua Fei couldn't help but say.

Even with Huafei's current strength, he would not dare to rush to refine so many medicinal materials at the same time. After all, if there is any mistake, then this pile of medicinal materials will be wasted, and we can only start all over again.

And Xiao Yan dared to do this, no doubt only shows that this guy has great confidence in the medicinal pills he has refined!

"Take a good look at it."

"Xiao Yan, this guy is not only tyrannical in his soul power, but also in the use of his soul power."

"At least when I was at his level, I didn't dare to refine so many soul powers at the same time."

"This is the gap between you and him." Tan Chen said in a didactic tone.

"Master, I have been taught." Hua Fei heard this, and did not say much this time. Obviously, in the face of the suppression of strength, Hua Fei was also looking forward to Xiao Yan more and more!

: . :