Chapter 258: 1 trigger!

In the sky at this time, an extremely hot and pure force is slowly brewing, and another extremely evil and strange force is constantly soaring and growing.

On the ground, Mu Yingying, Qiu Huoniao, Luo Guang, and the others also continuously sent their power to the Nine Soul Monument!

"This is the ongoing battle between the powerhouses!" Xiao Yan also sighed with emotion, and then while delivering Dou Qi, he kept swallowing the medicinal pills, so the Dou Qi didn't consume much.

"It's a little strange, hasn't the evil yin of Hongshan Hanchi already broken through the seal, there are two ghost spirits, and I haven't seen these three people yet..."

"It's really strange..." Xiao Yan said, but he had to keep a hand in his heart. After all, it is the thinking of ordinary people. The two parts of the twin ghost emperors have just broken through the seal and must be merged into one. The strength of the evil is also the peak in the true sense, and it can be called a twin ghost emperor!

"Could it be that the evil's head was caught in the door..." Xiao Yan said, but he didn't really think that since the twin ghost emperors could be sealed by many Xuantian powerhouses, it was definitely not the case. Fool…

So there is only one possible outcome...

"It seems that something happened to the evil yin in Hanchi..." Xiao Yan also muttered.

"Yueru, Mu Feng, give you medicinal pills, remember to keep some strength, I always feel that something is wrong..." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, some medicinal pills also appeared in front of the two of them out of thin air.

The two were not polite and put it away directly. After all, there is no way to restore grudges here, and there are many people with mixed eyes. This kind of high-level recovery medicine cannot avoid jealousy from others.

In the sky, two extremely obvious forces were also split apart.

The body of the Nine Soul Monument hangs in the air, and the whole body emits a monstrous light, and the fairy sword in the hand shoots several meters of light.

The whole person stood still in the air, only to see his hands clenched tightly, his eyes serious, and a powerful aura erupted from his whole body.

All around, red brilliance burst, and a dazzling brilliance enveloped the Nine Soul Monument in the middle.

One is to prevent the invasion of ghosts, and the other is to accumulate the power of this fairy sword.

The Jiuhun Monument has strange handprints on the chest with both hands, and the whole person is like a god, and the whole body bursts with dazzling brilliance.

As the light of the immortal sword in the hand of the Nine Soul Stele became stronger and stronger, it was about to fill the entire body of the immortal sword faintly, and a wave of destructive fluctuations slowly spread out.

"It's still a little bit..." The Nine Souls Monument muttered, and then he didn't pay attention to the evil spirits. He concentrated on the sword in his hand to gather Dou Qi. In addition, many people on the ground gathered Dou Qi. The power is also increasing rapidly.

"Boom boom boom!"

On the other side, the terrifying suction force of the evil evil, the constant stream of ghost qi continuously converged on the evil evil body from all directions. With the injection of the ghost gas, the evil evil body also swelled up, obviously because of this extremely huge caused by ghosts.

Minutes passed by.

As the huge ghost qi gathered together, a cloud of extremely thick black qi gas could not help but surround the Yinxie body with a bang, and the Yinxie Ghost Emperor slowly opened his eyes.

Yin Xie also snorted coldly: "Nine Soul Monument, it seems that I am the one who lost this time..."

"Hahaha!"

After saying that, he burst into laughter!

A more terrifying force also swept in.

"damn it…"

"Half-step eighth-rank ghost emperor..." Wu Jiang also said secretly, obviously the original evil spirit, although the strength is the peak of seventh-rank ghost emperor, but there is no small distance from this half-step eighth-rank...

"Eighth-Rank Ghost Emperor..." The red-clothed Changyu also said solemnly, obviously the strength of this evil spirit has surpassed his cognition and control...

"Half-step eighth-rank..." Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly. It was obviously the first time he encountered such a powerful enemy, and he immediately clenched his fists, watching the changes in the sky vigilantly.

It's just that at this time, the flow of Dou Qi in Xiao Yan's body has obviously slowed down, as if it was suppressed by the evil that is comparable to that of a human eight-star Dou Emperor!

Not only Xiao Yan, Yue Ru is also biting her lips, obviously more uncomfortable than Xiao Yan, and Mu Feng and the others are also suppressed by this terrifying evil power...

"The strength of this evil evil has also been sealed for such a long time, so this breakthrough is so easy..."

"But now he hasn't really broken through the half-step eighth-rank. Although the concentration of ghost energy in the body is already comparable to that of the half-step eighth-rank Ghost Emperor, but at best he can count as a half-step into the eighth-rank Ghost Emperor. It's just a ghost emperor..." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly, obviously even if he was as strong as a human eight-star fighting emperor, his master, the Golden Dragon King, did not take it seriously.

"It's so true..."

"But this half-step eighth-rank ghost emperor can now dominate this place..." Xiao Yan also frowned slightly, obviously secretly closing the lotus of annihilation tightly, as long as there is a slight disturbance...

"The strength of this ghost emperor..." Tianhuo Shenghu also shrank his pupils tightly, because even though he was far away from the evil spirits in the sky, he could clearly feel the extremely powerful ghost energy in the evil spirits!

"Mu Yingying!"

"I'm going to **** the space here, you can go out quickly..." Tianhuo Shenghu also said a little weakly.

"What about you?" Mu Yingying also said softly.

"This is my home..."

"I can't stand to see it destroyed like this..." Tianhuo Shenghu also said, and then he looked at the ghosts and some trees that were constantly flying from all over the corpse forest. Some eyes are red.

"But then you will die..." Mu Yingying was also slightly at a loss.

"Don't you humans have a saying like this?"

"A man and a man are inherently dead, or heavier than Mount Tai, or lighter than a feather..." After speaking, Tianhuo Shenghu was not looking at Mu Yingying, but his breath had already soared to the limit, and then his eyes were fixed on the sky. The two powers that are just around the corner.

Mu Yingying's eyes moved slightly, she obviously wanted to call back the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, but she couldn't say anything.

The Nine Soul Monument let out a loud cry, only to hear him say, "Evil Sword!"

Immediately, the surrounding airflow surged, and the entire area was dozens of feet, and the space was filled with a powerful and pure power.

I saw the Jiuhun Monument holding a red fairy sword and standing in the sky, a light burst above his head instantly, and a flashing red and white sword of the void was held high above his head.

In the blink of an eye, the broken light disappeared instantly, and the sword of the void instantly burst into a dazzling light, and it turned into a giant sword of about several hundred feet.

Countless spells flickered on the sword, which were extremely clear, and were continuously scattered from top to bottom along with the red and white light.

It's just that everyone on the ground can feel that this fairy sword contains an extremely powerful force of destruction and purification...

Since Yin Xie broke through the half-step eighth-rank Ghost Emperor, he has been staring at the Nine Soul Monument, as if he must win.

Everyone knows that this brings together the battle of the strongest in the corpse forest...

Immediately!

Ask for a ticket! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: