Chapter Vol 4 2063: The 18th Broken Soldier, Infinite Shield! ...

The latest website: "The next auction is the last item of this auction, and it is also the real highlight." As Yaoyun opened his mouth, the hot fluctuations of the strong people present on the forbidden scroll began to calm down. Quietly waiting for the appearance of the last item.

But even though this is the base camp of the Medicine Clan, there are still some unscrupulous bidders who are eyeing the first four auction items. After the auction is over, after the bidders leave the auction, I am afraid that there will be some action. After all, it is worth taking a big risk for the sake of the baby.

"There are all the powerful lords in the room. It is inconvenient for me to say more about the details of the finale. Please read it." At this moment, dozens of black shadows appeared on the auction stage, and a surging power of space emerged from them. , and directly imprisoned and sealed the entire auction table, making the hearts of many strong people present become strange. What kind of treasure is this kind of battle?

At the same time, the floor of the auction table suddenly collapsed, and a giant object with white chills emerged slowly under the mist.

"What a terrifying power of ice!" The full picture of the finale has not yet been revealed. The white cold air alone makes the strong people on the scene break out in a cold sweat, so the temperature of the level is obviously no less than some The aura released by the ice attribute power of the Eight Star Fighting Immortal!

What is it that is protected by this power?

On the collapsed ground of the auction table, streaks of white cold air formed ice cones. The ice cones were extremely sharp and contained endless power, and their aura was even stronger than the forbidden scroll just now!

Looking down the ice pick, a silver light shrouded it. It was a strange object in the shape of a "U". The whole body revealed an indestructible stubbornness. The faint lines, those lines form one after another, form a beautiful scenery and are depicted on the objects.

"Shield?"

"what is this?"

"Can this be considered the finale?" After a while, some weak guys roared directly. In their eyes, this silver shield is as featureless as broken copper and iron. How can this kind of thing be the finale?

Could it be that the pharmacists made a mistake?

His eyes were squirming very fast, watching the space system powerhouses in the field continue to imprison and block the auction table, watching Yaoyun, Yao Xuanyi and others with calm expressions, there was no trace of error at all.

what on earth is it?

"Gulu...Is this a shield?" For a while, Xiao Yan also had such an illusion.

Although this shield is extraordinary, it is at most like an ordinary fairy weapon, and it is far less precious than the forbidden scroll. I don't know why the Yaozu acted?

"Wait... Something's wrong, this shield is not that simple." After a while, it seemed that he noticed something. The lines on the silver shield actually started to creep slowly. For a time, the entire auction hall was filled with awe-inspiring aura. In the hearts of everyone, it is like a hundred thousand mountains forming a copper wall and iron wall, which is indestructible.

"Wait...that's what?"

"God pattern?"

"How is that possible?" After a while, Xiao Yan saw a very familiar aura from the silver shield.

That is the power of Divine Rune.

Regarding the Divine Rune, Xiao Yan actually didn't know what it was, but the only thing that was certain was that the Divine Rune was similar to the holy rune on the ancient ruler. That kind of power was not a divine mansion or a divine weapon!

"Could it be that this is an artifact?"

"But there are still many secrets as strong as the ancient ruler, and the ancient ruler is also broken. I am afraid that it must be repaired in the future to restore its glory." Xiao Yan kept rolling in his mind.

"Everyone, please open your eyes."

"What stands in front of you is the eighteenth-ranked artifact in the Human World in the Great Thousand Worlds."

"Infinite Shield." After a while, Yaoyun held his breath and told the details, his voice echoed for a long time, full of suffocating fluctuations.

"what?"

"God... artifact?"

"Or the Infinite Shield, which is ranked eighteenth?" For a while, the audience was dead silent. They didn't believe their ears, let alone their eyes.

In the great thousand worlds, the recognized artifacts are extremely powerful, such as the twelve evil soldiers of the ghost world, the overlord of the demon world, and so on.

In the human world, there are a total of twenty-four artifacts. What's more, every artifact in the human world is in the hands of the reincarnation powerhouse. It can be said that the artifact belongs to the reincarnation powerhouse in the human world. Exclusivity is also one of the most powerful forces in the human world.

Once a certain artifact is bleak, I am afraid that its previous owner has also fallen, and then the artifact will find its owner again.

The power of the artifact cannot be described in words.

If the power of the holy flame can be learned from the heaven and the earth, then the power of the divine weapon is above the heaven and the earth.

The twenty-four artifacts of the human world are in the hands of the twenty-four reincarnation powerhouses in the human world, so the human world is the most tyrannical racial realm in the world.

Even if you take a step back and say, taking the Demon Emperor Triple Reincarnation Realm as an example, if he retrieves the Sky Splitting Demon Spear, I am afraid that he will be able to compete with the powerhouses of the Fifth Reincarnation Realm!

This is the power of the artifact!

Of course, the premise is that the other party does not have an artifact, and the party with the artifact needs to spend more time to perceive the power of the artifact before it can truly wield the power of the artifact.

And Xiao Yan's teacher, the Lord of Soul Eater, is also blessed by the three evil soldiers of the ghost world. With his current strength, he undoubtedly looks down on too many strong people.

"The Infinite Shield is known as the strongest shield. Even the strong reincarnations have never been able to break through it."

"But I have to remind you in advance that what is in front of you is indeed the Infinite Shield, the eighteenth divine artifact of the Human World, but after we got it, it seems to be missing something, it is not complete, and it costs us countless medicinals. Even the strong cannot be repaired.”

"Of course that doesn't depress its value."

"Everyone can start." Yaoyun said.

"I'm out..." Even with Yaoyun's warning, many of the powerhouses present had no scruples, as if they were insane.

The word Divine Artifact already represents the pinnacle of the Great Thousand World. Divine Artifact is much more tyrannical than Immortal Artifact, and even forbidden scrolls cannot be compared with it, even if this Divine Artifact is not complete.

"Come on girl, we don't have anything to do here anymore."

"I didn't expect to encounter a broken artifact here. It seems that this auction is not in vain." Xiao Yan ignored how the strong men fought, and directly led Xun'er along the path towards the auction. They went to the front desk, in order to complete the auction transaction, but also to collect the things that the two auctioned, but they didn't know they were being targeted.

As for who the broken artifact will end up with, it's obviously not their concern. Next is the real highlight, the medicine clan's grand ceremony!