Chapter 317: Refine the immortal body!

"What a tyrannical Dou Di..." Xiao Yan also stared at the golden body in front of him, and then muttered.

With his excellent perception, Xiao Yan can also discover how powerful energy is contained in this small golden body. I am afraid that even if it is the body of the Emperor Yan that he condensed on the Dou Qi Continent, it is compared with the body of immortality. Also less than one in ten thousand.

Xiao Yan also said with a smile, the next moment, the palm containing the milky white flame also slowly walked towards the immortal body.

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan's palm just came into contact with the Immortal Body, and an extremely terrifying repulsive force forcefully isolated Xiao Yan...

"This immortal body seems to be quite resisting me..." Xiao Yan also frowned, and then whispered.

"Hehe, my immortal body ranks second to the top tenth rank, if there is no special means..."

"This tenth-rank Dou Emperor's body is nothing but bland." The Immortal Emperor also said slowly to Xiao Yan.

"Exercise your soul power, enter this immortal body, and condense the soul rune on its forehead, and you can also gain its control and use rights." The Immortal Emperor also said to Xiao Yan.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan closed his eyes when he heard the words, preparing to mobilize the huge soul power.

"Hey, your immortal body is not weak. I remember that you used this immortal body to fight against foreign evil races..." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

On the other side, the remnant soul of the Immortal Emperor seemed to be whispering something to his master, the Golden Dragon King, but Xiao Yan didn't listen. After all, Xiao Yan knew what the two said without even thinking about it. It might be some secret. sexual things.

Therefore, Xiao Yan is also immersed in the immortal body in front of him.

The body of a Dou Di, a method that only a strong Dou Di can display!

With the body of a fighting emperor, a huge energy giant will form around his body and slowly dominate himself, thereby improving his attack and even defense ability!

Xiao Yan was also gearing up, and then a huge soul force emerged instantly, rushing away towards the golden complexion.

"嘁嘁嘁!" Xiao Yan's soul power just came into contact with the golden body, a golden light on the surface of the golden body resisted Xiao Yan's invasion, and an indescribable terrifying pressure also emanated from the golden body. !

"Shabu Shabu!"

"What a terrifying coercion..." Xiao Yan's left knee was also instantly suppressed by the huge coercion above the golden body, and he knelt down.

"But... that's not enough!" The next moment, the clan lines on Xiao Yan's forehead also lit up, and then the breath burst out!

Xiao Yan raised his left knee bit by bit as he gritted his teeth, and then Xiao Yan instantly increased his soul power. The next moment, the terrifying soul power also broke through the golden light around the golden body, and then suddenly broke through the golden light. The rays of light flowed smoothly into the golden body.

The golden and transparent body seemed to recognize Xiao Yan at the moment when Xiao Yan's soul power poured in, and the terrifying coercion disappeared instantly without a trace.

"Give it to me!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, then looked at the golden body in front of him, his soul power was on his forehead.

Then the next moment, within the golden transparent body, on its illusory forehead, a mysterious soul rune slowly formed under the control of Xiao Yan's soul power.

"Huhuhu..." A rune was formed on the forehead of the golden transparent body he saw. Xiao Yan also hurriedly withdrew his soul power, sat down and gasped for breath. Simply condensing the soul runes on the golden body consumed almost all of Xiao Yan's soul power!

Xiao Yan didn't even doubt that even if it was one step at night, his fate would be quite miserable, but fortunately it didn't happen in the end.

"Since the runes have been condensed, this immortal body will also be yours in the future."

"I hope that it will show a more dazzling brilliance on the outside." The soft voice of the Immortal Emperor slowly rang in Xiao Yan's ears.

Xiao Yan heard the words, nodded slowly to the Immortal Emperor, and then his eyes were also fixed on the golden transparent body in front of him!

Since he just condensed the runes on this body, Xiao Yan can also feel that he seems to have a close connection with this immortal body!

After a short rest, Xiao Yan also knew that this time was waiting for no one, so he simply absorbed the immortal body in front of him.

Because Xiao Yan also knows that with his current self, if he wants to absorb this immortal body, the time required for terror is extremely long.

"Sisi!" Xiao Yan no longer hesitated, then the corner of his mouth opened, and the huge suction force immediately sucked the immortal body into his body.

When the body of immortality entered Xiao Yan's body, an extremely ancient aura that seemed to contain immortality also slowly emanated.

At the same time, Xiao Yan's entire body also emitted a humming sound of bones. Obviously, the tyranny of this immortal body is far beyond Xiao Yan's estimation!

"damn it……"

"If it goes on like this, the body will explode..." Xiao Yan also found that he was careless, and just tried to solve the matter of this immortal body.

"This is..." Just when Xiao Yan was devastated, the Xiao clan pattern that appeared on Xiao Yan's forehead also exuded an extremely huge force, and then the immortal body that was still struggling before felt Xiao Yan After the power of Yan, it slowly fell silent like a deflated balloon.

Although Xiao Yan was puzzled, he didn't have time to think about it.

He closed his eyes and sat down on the ground. Then, around Xiao Yan, a golden light mixed with immortality also slowly emerged, and an illusory and solid body also slowly appeared around Xiao Yan!

ten feet...

Twenty feet...

"When the golden energy giant attached to this kid's body reaches a hundred feet, it will be the time for this kid to succeed." The Immortal Emperor also spoke slowly.

"Yeah." The Golden Dragon King heard that, and was quite satisfied with Xiao Yan, and then said something to the Immortal Emperor, and then the space returned to calm.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boom boom boom!"

"This is..." The only people waiting outside the hall at this time were Mu Xuzi and Zhu Lao.

"Someone has gained immortality..." Elder Zhu also concluded.

When Zhu Lao was young, he entered the place where the Immortal Emperor fell so he is very familiar with this fluctuation...

"It's really some scary little guys..."

"I just didn't know that little guy had such good luck..." Elder Zhu also laughed slowly.

"Old Zhu, then this matter will definitely be known to the Xuanling royal family. After all, we, Dou Dihe, built it together with them back then..." Mu Xuzi said with great concern.

"If you know it, you will know it."

"It's true that I can't do it without fighting immortals in the Burning Incense Pavilion." After Lao Zhu finished speaking, a sense of pride also permeated the hall.

"Could it be that the cabinet leaders and the others..." Mu Xuzi also laughed.

He is very clear about the heavyweight of Dou Xian!

If their Fenxiang Pavilion also has a fighting immortal powerhouse, then other things are not to be feared. After all, the fighting immortal powerhouse's shocking vision is...

"Report!" Outside the expensive house of the Xuanling royal family, an attendant said in a panic.

"Tell me." King Xuanling who was inside also spoke slowly. Following King Xuanling's opening, the group of women surrounding him also closed their mouths, because they all knew that the king beside him had a bad temper. Varies.

"The immortal body in the Burning Incense Pavilion..."

"It seems that his disciple got it..." The people outside the room also whispered.

"Bang bang bang!" The entourage outside the door just finished speaking, and an extremely terrifying aura came from the door.

Ask for tickets!