Chapter Vol 4 1920: Break the blockade!

The latest website: "Boom!" The dark aura continued to emerge, and sometimes between the rocks on the cliffs of the Xieyue Cliff, they condensed into extremely ferocious monsters that ran rampant, but after a while, they would also be attacked by the Xieyue. The green demon aura of domineering power in the cliff was washed away and extinguished. The two came one after another, and it seemed that there was some kind of wonderful restrictive relationship.

And this kind of strange restriction shows a trace of mystery and evil, it seems that this place is really the Suppression Prison.

"Black Devil Dragon Wolf..." At this time, Xiao Yan borrowed a trace of dark power from the dark underworld, and suddenly his entire body was like a bat, swimming silently on the cliff of the evil moon, trying to find the Ten Thousand Demon King Waiting for the breath of others, the corner of his mouth underestimated.

However, Xiao Yan was surprised to find that the breath and movement traces of the Ten Thousand Demon Kings were wiped cleanly, and the size of the Evil Moon Cliff was far beyond his imagination.

"who!"

"Get out of this king!" After Shunxi, just as Xiao Yan had just crossed a prismatic rock block, a furious voice came from not far behind him.

"The demon king in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals?" Xiao Yan heard the words, the power of darkness on his body was completely shattered by this roar, and immediately his body stood up slightly, and his eyes looked at the big guy in front of him, his head covered with black lines for a while.

The demon king in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, the Snow Lord of Tianying, is dressed in snow-white armor. Whether it is hair or eyebrows, it is full of extreme snow-white, which makes people involuntarily palpitate.

This guy is good at flying, suitable for high-altitude combat, and the power of the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian has given him a very strong depression. Obviously, this guy's combat power is probably extremely terrifying.

"Forget it, there's no point in wasting time here, I'm just here to find someone." Xiao Yan shook his head lightly, and the flames all over his body immediately vented out, paving the way under his feet, increasing his speed to a higher level. With the increase in the explosive technique, Xiao Yan was about to leave, but this guy couldn't stop him.

"Where to run!" Tianying Snow Lord didn't want to kill Xiao Yan at first, he had noticed Xiao Yan's breath since Xiao Yan entered here, but he has always been curious, a little guy in the middle stage of Seven Star Fighting Immortals. How can you have such terrifying courage to enter here.

If it is said that he is the savior of Wan Yaowang and others, then Tianying Snow Lord will naturally not believe it. After all, this guy's strength is too low, and he can ignore it in his own eyes.

Now that he had just exposed Xiao Yan, he ran away, which strengthened the speculation in Tianying Snow Lord's heart.

This guy has a ghost in his heart!

Otherwise, how can you run away when you see yourself?

"Crash!" In the dark rock space, there were ravines and ravines, but behind Tianying Snow Lord, a rather icy moon-white feather slowly rose and emerged behind his arms. With pieces of snow-white feathers, they blasted away at the location where Xiao Yan escaped!

"Boom!" The snow-white feathers touched the surrounding rocks, and a deafening sound spread out with violent energy ripples. For a while, countless dust and terrifying energy fluctuations caused the entire void to tremble slightly.

"This lunatic!" Xiao Yan just ran for a while, and found that the road in front of him was completely blocked by rocks, so the Snow Lord Tianying, who was chasing after him, became more and more terrifying, and the attack power was quite strange.

"Fighting Soul!"

"Holy Flame!"

"Soul power!" Xiao Yan shouted softly. Immediately, the shadow of the fighting soul appeared, and even the invisible soul slowly paved the way, ready to meet this guy's attack.

But Xiao Yan knew in his heart that his top priority was definitely not to obliterate the demon king, but to get out as soon as possible, to find the leader of the Guards, to find the black evil dragon and wolf, so as to solve the pattern of the demon world!

Even if Xiao Yan has the Devil's Cube in a full state, he has no confidence in winning. After all, these two guys are the elites of the Demon Emperor's subordinates. They accompany him from birth to death, and their fighting power can be described as suffocating.

"Boom!"

"What are you running for?"

"Who the **** are you!" In an instant, the body of Tianying Snow Lord appeared behind Xiao Yan like a ghost. At this time, Xiao Yan was blocked by a rock. This kind of strange rock contained a monstrous evil aura, even if it was a With the power of holy flame, it also takes a lot of time.

"Who am I, don't you know?" Xiao Yan smiled with interest, the extremely dazzling flame in his body slowly contained a terrifying killer move.

Since I didn't waste time, I could only escape quickly, and with the news of the spirit of the demon book, the atmosphere here is extremely strange, it seems that the two guys in the Demon Suppression Prison may break out at any time!

"Boom!" A circle of amber flames erupted from Xiao Yan's body like a turbulent wave, and immediately slapped the surrounding evil rocks, forming a flame creature, surrounding Xiao Yan, staring at the sky vigilantly. Eagle Snow Lord.

"Interesting guy..." Tianying Snow Master sneered, and the temperature in this area suddenly dropped, and snow-white prismatic snowflakes slowly drifted away.

"This guy's power is so terrifying." Seeing these bland snowflakes made Xiao Yan's heart spin involuntarily, and he knew the terrifying power contained in them.

"Soul power!"

"Boom!" Without any hesitation, the dazzling soul power roared with the flame creature in front of him, blasting away at the Tianying Snow Lord, causing fluctuations along the way, and a trace of cracks appeared.

"Crash!" Several completely different forces touched together, and the terrifying power that erupted turned this place into dust, and suddenly a bronze gate covered with countless green monster patterns appeared not far from the two of them.

"This is... the entrance to Demon Suppression Prison?" Before the aftermath of the battle had completely calmed down, Xiao Yan stared at this giant gate and smelled a hint of evil from it.

"Boy, where are you running!" Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, Tianying Snow Master murmured, and countless snowflakes attacked Xiao Yan with cold killing intent.

"I don't have time to play with you!"

"Try this!" Xiao Yan's face was pale, a pale yellow fire lotus condensed out of his hand, and immediately threw it at the latter.

"Pfft... What is this?" When the pale yellow fire lotus appeared, the snowflakes around Snow Master Tianying burst out with an aura of extreme fear, trembling.

"Boom!" Although the fire lotus condensed from the immortal flame is not as powerful as the Buddha's Wrath Samsara, it is better than the immortal flame's blessing, immortal and immortal, enough to buy Xiao Yan some time.

"Damn... Can't open it?" With the help of the time bought by Huo Lian, Xiao Yan flashed and came to the door of Demon Suppression Prison. After some inquiries, he said helplessly.

"Cut... this monster pattern was set up by the reincarnation powerhouse, how can you open it?"

"Go here!" In the blink of an eye the spirit of the demon book in the shape of a guinea pig strung out from Xiao Yi's sleeves and walked towards a crack in the rock on the edge of the giant bronze gate.

There, there was a faint demonic aura, as well as a scarlet **** aura, and it was obvious that someone had entered it before them.

"This is... the breath of the Ten Thousand Demon King, you can't go wrong!"

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan grabbed the faint demonic aura in front of him with one hand, and after careful identification, his whole body turned into a wisp of black smoke, streaking into the Demon Suppression Prison.

"No way... This kid has entered the Demon Suppression Prison. Isn't that a dead end?" The outside world resolved all Xiao Yan's attacks, and Snow Master Tianying could only shake his head. Obviously, he underestimated Xiao Yan's strength. However, when Xiao Yan entered the Demon Suppression Prison, he naturally would not pursue him deeply.

Because he didn't want to die!

There are two white king-level powerhouses in the water and fire evil cage town, and they do not have the complete strength of the eight-star fighting immortals. If they enter it, they will only die in vain.