Chapter 690: The new spirit of the Fallen Mountain

"Damn!"

"Don't come here!" The three-tailed demon fox hurriedly startled!

I don't know why, the closer the dazzling Luoling Mountain's power at the heart of the spirit of Luoling Mountain is, the greater the pressure on him.

This Spirit of Luoling Mountain is clearly trying to kill the three-tailed demon fox by taking advantage of the fact that he is the Spirit of Luoling Mountain!

Even if he had already become half-human and half-beast because he devoured humans, he was a little surprised when faced with the entire dazzling power of falling spirits.

This dazzling power is different from the ordinary power of life and death. This power is the power of Luoling Mountain, which is still extremely difficult for the three-tailed demon fox.

"Natural destruction."

"Born here, it's time to return here." The spirit of Luoling Mountain said slowly, and the figure disappeared directly, turning into the purest force, flashing a dazzling light!

The spirit of Luoling Mountain does not have any form at all, and the appearance of the woman just now is just a form of the spirit of Luoling Mountain.

"You actually want to die with me, the spirit of Luoling Mountain, you are too imaginative!" This time, the three-tailed demon fox suddenly laughed.

As soon as the voice fell, the blood-colored beads hidden under the fur behind the three-tailed demon fox immediately exuded an irresistible force.

Although the strength of the spirit of Luoling Mountain is terrifying, at this time, the strength of the three-tailed demon fox is also becoming extremely terrifying when it continues to devour countless dead beasts!

"Master!" Seeing this, Ye Cat hurriedly spoke, because at this time the spirit of Luoling Mountain had turned into a dazzling light, with the power of destruction, directly hitting the body of the three-tailed demon fox!

The three-tailed demon fox ignored the night cat, and only suddenly lifted his blood-colored bead, which was also a huge force against it!

"Boom boom boom!" Terrifying ripples of destruction spread everywhere, stopping the dead beasts that were constantly being swallowed by the blood-colored beads of the three-tailed demon fox, but their eyes turned red, and then they stared at the self-destruction in the sky.

"I am afraid that the spirit of Luoling Mountain has discovered the abnormality of the three-tailed demon fox, so he can only use his last strength to self-destruct and try to kill it. Otherwise, once the three-tailed demon fox is absorbing the dead beast, the Luoling Mountain will exist in name only, I am afraid Its status is also in jeopardy." The countless compound eyes of the Heavenly Eyed Giant Beast are not decorative, but in just a short moment, it is the intention of the spirit of Luoling Mountain!

"There seems to be something in the body that is just about to move..." Xiao Yan on the side was still silent in the shock of the battle between the three-tailed demon fox and the Spirit of the Fallen Mountain, and then he shook his head secretly, as if feeling something strange in his body.

At this moment, the heart rock in Xiao Yan's body was about to move in the Dou Qi Sea, and it would erupt at any time.

"Xiao Yan, this time, I can't blame me." After Xinyan finished speaking, she closed her eyes instantly.

It's just that even Xiao Yan didn't notice that in an inconspicuous place in the ring, a rather familiar figure appeared quietly.

"Oh?"

"I haven't seen you for a long time, this kid's strength..."

"The late Six Star Dou Di?"

"Holy Flame?"

"This holy flame has some meaning...but if you want to move my people, it's still a little worse." As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly became quiet.

It's just that if someone with a heart is here, they will definitely discover the majesty of this power, which is probably not something that a strong Dou Di can possess.

"What's wrong with you?" Mu Yingying frowned, staring at Xiao Yan.

I don't know why, but a terrifying power erupted from Xiao Yan just now. Although that power was only short-lived, it was captured by Mu Yingying. I'm afraid none of the hall masters of Fenxiang Pavilion have possessed it.

"It's alright." Xiao Yan said softly, and immediately turned his attention to the battle in the sky!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying explosion has come to an end, but the three-tailed demon fox looks extremely embarrassed at this time!

"Spirit of Luoling Mountain, this time, I still won!"

"Hahaha!" An unruly voice echoed throughout the entire Boundless Mountain.

"Where's the spirit of Luoling Mountain?" As the sky-shattering explosion fell, the spirit of Luoling Mountain disappeared!

At this time, the appearance of the three-tailed demon fox was extremely embarrassed, and the whole body was covered in blood. The blood beads all over the body had lost their luster and dimmed, and even the three rickety tails had fallen off one and turned into two!

"Spirit of Luoling Mountain, although you are strong, but you forgot that I am a three-tailed demon fox, three-tailed and three-tailed, and you can die with me!" The three-tailed demon fox said with a smile.

As for the spirit of Luoling Mountain, it disappeared without a trace. I don't know if it died together with the three-tailed demon fox, or it fell into a deep sleep after using its power.

"Damn it, this guy." Seeing this, the giant beast snorted coldly.

"Five Elements Beast, help me!" The Heavenly Eyed Giant Beast said solemnly with a gloomy face.

"Hehe, the Heavenly Eyed Beast, look at the good things you two have done, now..." The Five Elements Beast snorted and said slightly dissatisfied.

"It's too late, we must take action, the spirit of Luoling Mountain has disappeared, if the three-tailed demon fox is recovering its power, I'm afraid it will be our turn."

"Do it!" Although the five-element beast was angry, it also knew the seriousness of the matter, and directly burst out, trying to hit the two-tailed demon fox directly with its sturdy body!

"Hehe, even the two of you are afraid?" The two-tailed demon fox who lost one tail said with a hint of disdain.

Although he had just used a lot of power to defend against the self-destruction of the Spirit of Luoling Mountain, and even lost his life, the two-tailed demon fox didn't care at all!

Because at this time, I was talking about the real Lord of Luoling Mountain!

"Come on!" The two-tailed demon fox suddenly said something strange, and then the blood beads flickered exuding thick blood, and a gloomy force came out!

"Huhuhu!" As soon as the two-tailed demon fox's voice fell, countless dead beasts in all directions rushed towards the **** bead on the palm of his hand!

Every time a dead beast poured in, the blood-colored beads exuded a more formidable aura!

"Five-element body collision!" The five-element beast shouted up to the sky, and suddenly five-color energy emerged from its body!

The five-color energy suddenly gathered on its turtle shell, and then without hesitation, it only left to slam into it!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying impact just fell, and the two-tailed demon fox immediately used the blood-colored beads on the palm of his hand, easily blocking the seemingly powerful strike of the Five Elements Beast.

"Be careful!" The attack was fruitless, and the Five Elements Beast immediately became a little puzzled, but before he had time to think about it, the Heavenly Eyed Giant Beast shouted directly.

"Boom boom boom!" The voice of the Tianmu beast sounded, and then the body of the two-tailed demon fox suddenly moved, and the blood-red beads in his hand attacked the five elements beast directly!

"Arrogant!" The Five Elements Beast nodded knowingly, and then there was an extremely violent look in his eyes, and he directly confronted the blood-colored bead!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Five-element beast, step back!"

"This thing can't be provoked!" The Heavenly Eyed Giant Beast said fiercely.

But as the overlord of the Five Elements, how could there not be a trace of arrogance?

Ask for tickets!