Chapter Vol 2 746: What Xiao Yi needs, life and death fire!

The fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion has been closed, and the news of Xiao Yan's cultivation of the treasure of the Hall of Success is known to everyone in just one afternoon.

Although many people did not believe that Xiao Yan had succeeded, another major news came out later. In addition, Xiao Yan, relying on the treasures of the Hall of People's Hall, had a small victory over the Second Senior Brother of the Hall of Earth, and became the most famous among the Burning Incense Pavilions today. The strong, the many disciples of the Fenxiang Pavilion were relieved, because until this time, it was not their turn to believe this matter, after all, facts speak louder than words.

At this time, it was already night, and the silent night was quite cold.

"Dong dong dong!" Outside the wooden house where Zhu Jin lived, an orderly knock on the door sounded slowly.

"Come in." After a while, a powerful voice suddenly came from the crack of the door.

"Old Zhu, you haven't slept so late?" It was Mu Xuzi.

In fact, Mu Xuzi had come here once since noon, in order to tell Lao Zhu about this good boy, but it happened that Lao Zhu was not there, so he didn't succeed, and now he had to come at night.

"Hey, aren't you too?" Zhu Jin naturally judged from the voice just now that the person who came was Mu Xuzi, and immediately laughed.

"How's it going?" Seeing Mu Xuzi sitting down, Zhu Jin opened his mouth slightly, and his voice was full of urgent expectations.

"Old Zhu, that kid succeeded."

"He not only broke the bad news that no one in our Human Hall had successfully cultivated, but also defeated Zhu Yuan with his terrifying fighting skills, and became the strongest person in our Fenxiang Pavilion today." Mu Xuzi said slowly. , there was a hint of relief in his voice.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This kid..." When Zhu Jin heard the words, he immediately laughed, then instead of sitting, he stood up.

"It seems that God blesses our Burning Incense Pavilion. In this sect competition, we will definitely return to glory. We have been lonely for burning incense for too many years. It is time to return to the top with a victory." Zhu Jin said with alarm.

Because they all know that the many super sects in Xuantian Santian, when it was just established, were headed by their Burning Incense Pavilion, but with the withering of the Burning Incense Pavilion over the years, they were gradually replaced by other sects.

"Old Zhu, what should I do next?" Mu Xuzi suppressed his happiness and asked Old Zhu.

"There is not much time until the ruins are opened. In the past few months, I am afraid that the powerhouses of the major super sects will take action and jointly explore the specific coordinates and information of the ruins."

"As for Xiao Yan, let's go to the ruins with peace of mind. We have our own way when it's hot." Zhu Lao laughed.

"But there is an attraction between Sheng Yan and Sheng Yan. If Xiao Yan is not there, I am afraid it will increase our difficulties." Mu Xuzi said worriedly.

"Xiao Yan has now successfully cultivated the treasure of the Hall of People. The pavilion master once said that anyone who succeeds in cultivation must be trained as a successor."

"Moreover, I am also Xiao Yan's master. That place is too dangerous, and I will never let him go." Zhu Jin's voice contained a hint of firmness.

"Alas..." Mu Xuzi heard the words, and naturally knew the breath contained in what Zhu Jin said, but Mu Xuzi knew that if there was no holy flame on Xiao Yan's body during this trip, I'm afraid it would be difficult to save Yan Chi!

"Come back, stare at Xiao Yan a little more these few days, this guy has to be careful, after all, he is a troublemaker." Zhu Jin smiled.

"En." Mu Xuzi left immediately after hearing this. He also knew that what Zhu Jin decided would basically not change.

"Xiao Yan, I hope you can bring us some surprises." After Old Zhu finished speaking, he slowly closed the wooden house, apparently playing with the extremely terrifying scroll of battle formation.

Inside the Five Bamboo Residence, Xiao Yan's residence.

"Big brother, are you asleep yet?" Outside Xiao Yan's room, Xiao Yi's soft voice sounded slowly.

"Just waiting for you." Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard this, then quickly opened the door and smiled at Xiao Yi.

"What happened during the day today?" Xiao Yi just started talking when Xiao Yan and the two entered the room.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan suddenly became vigilant when he heard the words, because Xiao Yan knew that Xiao Yi's identity was extremely special, but Xiao Yan felt that the power in Xiao Yi's body was fluctuating and fluctuating, and he was quite helpless.

"My current strength has reached the perfect level of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor. If I go further, I can step into the Nine-Star Dou Emperor."

"However, it's strange. No matter how I think of a way, I can't break through this final bottleneck by swallowing the medicinal pill and some huge power."

"So after I came out of the Dou Ji Pavilion, I understood."

"I still need one essential thing." Xiao Yi said to Xiao Yan.

"What?" Xiao Yan asked immediately after hearing this.

"Life and death fire." Xiao Yi said calmly.

"what?"

"Life and death fire?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this.

Others don't know what this is, and Xiao Yan, as a pharmacist, will not be ignorant.

The so-called fire of life and death is a flame that requires the power of death of a nine-star Dou Emperor fire attribute to be combined with the power of life of an eight-star Dou Emperor fire attribute!

Although this kind of flame is not comparable to the holy flame, in terms of the degree of difficulty of its formation, it is probably no different from the holy flame, because in this case, only if both are brothers and sisters can it be possible to form.

And even though it is extremely difficult to form, Xiao Yan doesn't know if there is such a thing in this world.

"How is it?" Xiao Yi asked expectantly.

"This thing is too rare, but don't worry, I will help you pay attention."

"By the way, can you be sure it's this thing?" Xiao Yan asked as if he remembered something.

"I don't know either, I just wanted to tell me from the light mark on my forehead." After Xiao Yi finished speaking , her delicate fingers peeled off her forehead, revealing a rather mysterious rune.

"The Seal of Samsara..." Xiao Yan said something in his heart upon seeing this.

Although he doesn't know what this seal of reincarnation is, Xiao Yan knows that if Xiao Yi grows into a complete body, I am afraid that the fighting immortal powerhouse is not worth mentioning, and it is even very likely that he has a relationship with the legendary fighting god. The power of a fight.

However, these are indeed too far away for Xiao Yan.

"Big brother, don't worry, my light seal seems to tell me that this time, this thing is in the ruins." As if sensing Xiao Yan's helplessness, Xiao Yi suddenly said.

"Is this true?" Xiao Yan was a little helpless at first. He didn't know where to look for this thing, but now hearing Xiao Yi's words, he was undoubtedly overjoyed.

"There can be no mistake, I'm sure." Xiao Yi also laughed.

"Haha, then this time, the ruins, whether it's the dragon pond tiger's den or the dangers, are all in the way."

"Calculating the time, it's only three months."

"When the time comes, I will bring you this life-and-death fire intact." Xiao Yan smiled.

"Big brother, thank you." At this moment, Xiao Yi was suddenly speechless, not knowing what to say for a while.

"Thank you for what."

"Between brothers, no thanks."

"Go back to rest early." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he sent Xiao Yi away, and Wuzhuju also regained its calm.

Ask for tickets! Should be four today