Chapter Vol 4 1959: The mysterious sorcery mastered by Xu Shao?

"Hehe..." Hearing Xiao Yan's questioning tone and the violent tumbling flames on Xiao Yan's body, Lei Shi's pale palm slowly lifted, gushing out directly from the coffin, and stepped a few meters in front of Xiao Yan. , laughed maliciously, and that kind of smile reached Xiao Yan's ears, and it turned out to be a shocking numbness.

"Don't be nervous, I actually don't know why I'm here."

"I am a deceased person, and the last trace of strength accompanies my corpse in the Thunder Tomb." Lei Shi did not show any signs of doing anything, instead he looked at Xiao Yan with interest, as if he was talking about something.

"But now you, to a certain extent, are indeed resurrected, and you have inherited all the powers of your life." Xiao Yan naturally did not believe this guy's nonsense, and said coldly.

"Don't talk nonsense, kill them for me." Just when Lei Shi was about to say something, his body shook uncontrollably, and a gloomy voice resounded in his mind like an unquestionable order. .

The old man's palm was covered with countless white cocoons, and then a trace of unusually harsh thunder light beams vented out from the body, rendering the entire medicine garden here into a real thunder pool area.

"What are you doing?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't know why, he just said it well, why did he do it?

"I don't know, my body doesn't seem to be under my control, be careful!" Lei Shi was also at a loss, so he could only speak to remind Xiao Yan.

"Heavenly Thunder and Blood Demon Palm!" Lei Shi reminded Xiao Yan just after his voice fell, his face turned out to be uncontrollable, he suddenly opened his mouth, and suddenly countless thunder powers flew out from his body, converging towards his palm.

After the blink of an eye, countless thunders flickered on Lei Shi's palm, and an unusually harsh thunder light group condensed out. The breath contained in it, I am afraid that the real powerhouses in the middle stage of Eight Star Fighting Immortals can only temporarily avoid the edge.

"This old man is actually here?" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and he turned to look at Su Xueying, who was full of endless chills in the beautiful eyes behind him, and couldn't help but feel a chill in his heart.

Today's Su Xueying may have a greater opinion of herself, but I have to say that her appearance is no different from a grudge.

"Kill!" Lei Shi said coldly. After he finished speaking, he pushed his palm hard at Xiao Yan. A terrifying thunder palm carrying the power of heaven and earth turned into a pillar of thunder and attacked Xiao Yan's vital points. !

In an instant, the entire medicine garden was surging, the space collapsed and distorted extremely seriously, and there was a possibility of a complete collapse at any time.

"Immortal golden body!" Looking at Lei Shi's strange appearance, a pale yellow flame replaced the amber flame in Xiao Yan's body. At the same time, a scene of a golden giant with a size of hundreds of feet completely filled the entire space!

The golden giant dragged the sky with his hands, stepped on the bottom of the medicine pool, and looked at Lei Shi with contempt.

"Boom!" Although the thunder beam contained the coercion of heaven and earth, when it hit Xiao Yan's immortal golden body, it did not cause any damage to the golden giant. The two stirred up countless energy tides. After a few minutes , Lei Shi's attack suddenly disappeared, and he seemed to be recovering calmly.

"It seems that someone did it on purpose... But this kid has some familiar fluctuations." Lei Shi smiled slowly just after the attack was over.

Just now, a sinister voice emerged from the deepest part of his body, and immediately his strength and body seemed to be under control, and he could only follow his orders to act, but now that the attack was defeated, it seemed that the absolute control was temporarily ineffective.

"Pick me one foot!" Just as the attack fell, Xiao Yan naturally did not understand Lei Shi's situation. Considering Su Xueying's situation, Xiao Yan just wanted a quick solution.

"Boom!" With the blessing of Xiao Yan's amber flame and soul fire, the holy pattern on the ancient ruler looked extraordinarily sacred and noble. Immediately, Xiao Yan held his breath and moved rapidly. In front of Lei Shi, he slashed out in one fell swoop.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Lei Shi's body was sturdy, and he was struck in half by Xiao Yan.

"Weng buzzing." Hit by Xiao Yan's terrifying attack, Lei Shi did not feel any pain, but his eyes lit up, and the two halves of his body instantly shattered into countless thunder arcs. In front of Xiao Yan.

intact!

Even the position where Xiao Yan had just attacked had no scars!

"How is that possible???" At this time, the ancient ruler above Xiao Yan's palm dimmed, and his expression was particularly solemn.

With the attack just now, Xiao Yan had absolute confidence to obliterate Lei Shi, but Lei Shi was attacked by such a terrifying attack and turned into countless arcs of lightning in an instant, and immediately returned to an intact state?

Is it impossible?

Is this lion also immortal?

But it's impossible, the fatal injury just now, even if he is immortal, he can't recover so quickly as before, what is the situation of this thunder lion?

"Wanhan Yanjie!" Just when Xiao Yan was at a loss, Su Xueying's light voice sounded, and immediately the three bodies were completely wrapped in a layer of countless layers of ice and flames.

"Some evil text should have been planted on you." At this moment, Su Xueying spoke softly, obviously aware of Lei Shi's strangeness.

"What do you mean?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"In the great world, there are many ignorant and incompetent people. They are proud of studying all kinds of evil and crooked ways all day long."

"And the reason why Lei Shi was 'reborn' or even possessed an immortal body is probably the handwriting of the shadow man just now."

"I suspect that he may have mastered some kind of sorcery." Su Xueying looked at Lei Shi's strange appearance and said after thinking.

"Hehe, they are really two smart little guys."

"You Xiao Clan are kind to my Thunder Clan, so I won't take revenge for kindness."

"But my situation, even I don't know."

"As this girl said, I'm afraid I really have something in my body that can control my body and strength, even an immortal body, I..." Lei Shi smiled slowly But The final word has not fallen yet, this ice barrier was directly pierced by the dark red coffin just now!

"Hey!" Lei Shi's body was directly thrown into the coffin by a mysterious force. Immediately, the lid of the coffin was tightly closed, and he quickly penetrated the void and disappeared here!

"What's the situation?" The two looked at each other and hesitated.

"This Xu Shao is really a scourge. It seems that this time, we can't let him go." After Shun breathed, Xiao Yan nodded secretly.

"Where are you going?" Xiao Yan's voice had just finished, and he suddenly watched Su Xueying disperse the barrier in front of him, trying to head towards the top of the mountain.

"Where do I go to your business?"

"Big liar!!!" Su Xueying said resentfully.

"Su Xueying, I represent the entire Xiao family. If you are mixing your personal emotions, I don't mind..." Xiao Yan immediately became violent when he heard the words, and said coldly, the warning in his voice was obvious. .

"How are you going?"

"How can you?"

"I won't tell you a single word about the Xiao Clan, you give up." Su Xueying said, and slowly walked towards the medical garden border barrier, trying to break the barrier and go to the core of the mountain range.

"Do you believe that I'm killing people here?" Xiao Yan couldn't help roaring.

It's really strange, before the Xiao family disappeared, was it a murderous parent or a stubborn ancestral grave, why did the guardian have such a big prejudice against the Xiao family?

"You dare not." Su Xueying said casually, ignoring Xiao Yan.

"Stinky girl, you forced me!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the power of the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals and the Amber Flame Soul Fire were released together, and immediately enveloped the entire medicine garden!

Since this girl doesn't want to eat hard, she can only bite the bullet and go!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: