Chapter Vol 2 821: Repaired successfully

"Do not……"

"No." Mu Yingying with azure pupils suddenly turned into normal pupils and murmured.

"What do you want me to say?"

"Master, you are too stupid."

"Just like your stupid brother."

"Believe in some **** human love."

"Don't do anything with your dignified holy flame. You have to convert to human beings for a human woman, and the strength of Dou Xian instantly turns into nothingness."

"It is said that your brother is very talented, and his strength finally broke through Dou Xian again, but you are not so lucky."

"In my opinion, as you don't love yourself so much, and you use the source of holy flame many times to unlock the seal, it won't take long for your seal to me to become much weaker."

"I'm afraid then..." After Mu Yingying with blue pupils finished speaking, she suddenly felt that there was an unusually strong mass on the palm of her hand that was absorbing her power.

Immediately, he snorted coldly: "The strength of this saintly flame is so powerful that you can absorb it as you like?" With a disdainful voice, the Yinxuan Iron Mother was instantly shaken away by Mu Yingying with azure pupils. Dropped once.

"you……"

"Get out of here!" Mu Yingying's pupils regained her calm, and then she shouted angrily.

However, Mu Yingying felt that her body was indeed what the Holy Flame Spirit said.

"My brother said that human emotions are the most beautiful."

"Xiao Yan, I know that you won't let me down." Mu Yingying still seemed unwilling to give up, and immediately said a few words.

The next moment, Mu Yingying looked down and found that the Yinxuan Iron Mother had left the spring. She immediately felt relieved. Just when she wanted to leave, something strange suddenly happened.

"Isn't this the broken fairy sword that Xiao Yan gave me?" Mu Yingying stared at the fairy sword that suddenly ran out of her Najie, and immediately became puzzled.

"Weng Om Om!" At this moment, the immortal sword emitted a rather greedy aura, approaching the yin and mysterious iron mother.

"You mean, this thing is useful?" Mu Yingying understood the meaning of the immortal sword, and immediately thought about it.

The next moment, Mu Yingying didn't hesitate to take the yin and mysterious iron mother away, and immediately prepared to leave here.

Seeing this situation, the immortal sword disappeared.

And that spring, without the obstruction of Yinxuan iron mother, a steady stream of mysterious power is also emerging. It seems that there is no obstruction of Yinxuan iron mother, and the two yiquan of life and death has returned to normal.

"Strange, although this Yangxuan iron mother has been taken out by me, and the two springs of life and death should return to normal, but where does this entrance seem to be connected..." Xiao Yan murmured as he looked at the spring eye that kept gushing out some spring water, and said in doubt. .

Although these springs did make Xiao Yan feel reborn, Xiao Yan always felt that something was wrong, and it seemed that there was something else connected to this spring.

"Oh, no matter what, let's go up first and see how Mu Yingying is doing." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he put away the Yangxuan Tiemu and walked directly towards the periphery of Life and Death Eryi Spring.

And as Xiao Yan left, through the spring, a figure slowly spoke.

"Unexpectedly, someone has actually opened the blocked fountain of life and death."

"Where is the ability to devour things is extremely strong, even the vicious old monster Eight Star Dou Emperor's complete strength is helpless, unexpected." It was just a voice, but the source of this voice.

It is impressively in Guanghan Island!

"Are you alright?" Mu Yingying left the spring first and appeared immediately, and everyone stepped forward and asked.

"It's alright, that spring is indeed blocked, but it has been opened by my holy flame. I believe that this spring of life and death will be ready for use soon." Mu Yingying laughed.

"Where's Xiao Yan, haven't you come up yet?" Mu Yingying looked around, but didn't notice Xiao Yan's voice, so she opened her mouth.

"It should be soon." Yue Ru heard that, naturally she was not good at what to say.

"No, I'll go down and have a look." Without thinking, Mu Yingying turned around and walked towards the fountain where Xiao Yan went down.

"No, you are sick. Xiao Yan just said that if you come up first, then wait for him." At this time, Qinxin stepped forward and pulled Mu Yingying.

When Mu Feng heard this, what kind of thing was this? He was about to say something when he saw Leng Fuyao's voice transmission: "Are you stupid?"

"What?" Mu Feng was at a loss, Xiao Yan didn't say those words just now, why is Qin Xin talking nonsense, isn't this harmful?

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Seeing that your breath is a little unsteady, what happened next?" Xiu Qi also stepped forward and asked.

"It's alright, this is the thing below." Mu Yingying immediately warmed her heart when she heard Xiao Yan's exhortation to leave early, and said.

"What is this?" Seeing this, Yue Ru and the others gathered around.

"To be honest, I don't even know what it is."

"However, this thing's ability to swallow is extremely powerful. If I didn't have Holy Flame, I'm afraid it would be really difficult to deal with it."

"And it was the murderer who blocked the spring's mouth," said Mu Yingying.

"These guys are really a bunch of little monsters."

"Two holy flames."

"Isn't this kind of holy flame a strange thing in the Great Thousand World? How can it appear one after another?"

"And the thing below that is blocking the spring is a very precious thing. If I hadn't been able to solve it, I'm afraid it wouldn't be cheap for you guys." The vicious old monster said with some regret, obviously looking at the dark blue iron ball in Mu Yingying's hand. Mother, I have an idea, but now I am restrained by the **** fellow of Fairy Moon Moon, and I have no fighting power.

"This thing, although I don't know what it is, it must be a treasure." Mu Feng said at this time, obviously for Mu Feng, who is proficient in the five elements and gossip, something must be unusual.

"Plop." With a sound, Xiao Yan's figure slowly emerged from the spring Xiao Yan came back. "I don't know who said it.

Everyone looked up and saw that Xiao Yan was also holding an iron block that was exactly the same as Xiao Yan's, and they didn't know what it was for.

"Okay, the two springs of life and death have returned to normal. Everyone can go in after the meeting. As for whether it can improve the level of life force or other effects, I don't know." After speaking, Xiao Yan shook his head, and then came to the Mu Yingying asked a question.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan asked.

"I'm fine."

"Well, this thing is the murderer who blocked the spring." Mu Yingying's face was not surprised, but she was extremely happy, whether it was Xiao Yan who stopped her from going down just now, or Xiao Yan had asked her for a long time, or even now, Mu Yingying spoke up. Yingying knew that this was Xiao Yan's heartfelt concern.

"I'm obedient."

"Yin Xuan Iron Mother?" Xiao Yan didn't notice Mu Yingying's strangeness, and was surprised when he saw the iron block in Mu Yingying's hand.

"I didn't expect it to be true."

"Yin and Yang Mysterious Iron Mothers have grown together since ancient times, and they won't be too far apart."

"Yingying, when you go back this time, give me your immortal sword, and I will repair it for you again." Xiao Yan said happily.

"Yes." Mu Yingying agreed slightly after hearing this.

Yueru, on the other hand, had black lines all over her head, so she could only transfer the cast away immediately.

At this point, the spring of life and death Eryi Spring has been repaired, and the next step is to enter it.