Chapter Vol 4 1038: 1 love

"嘁偁嘁!" The blue ethereal bird flashed blue flames all over its body, like a flame that can purify the mind, and attacked directly at Yanchi.

"Crash!" The two peaks of holy flame power just touched, and then a huge energy that is enough to destroy the holy flame space burst out in an instant, making the other people's faces change suddenly.

"This Mu Yingying!"

"Too reckless!"

"Yanchi's strength is a real Fighting Immortal. It's absolutely impossible... If this goes on, she will die!" However, Xiao Yan, with his strong perception, knew that the current level of power was just a prelude to the coming of the storm!

"This girl!" The Ghost-faced Soul Flame Spirit said in an oppressive manner. He knew that if any accident happened to Mu Yingying and Yan Chi Er Duo Shengyan, it would probably cause immeasurable losses to the entire Great Thousand World.

"The power in the big brother's body is condensing at an extreme speed... What are you trying to do?" And Xiao Yi was also nervous.

"Susu."

"The battle between brothers and sisters... It's really admirable."

"Hahaha!" The Gorefiend next to Yanchi burst into laughter.

"Fire...Ghost flame..." Yin Tong in the distance looked at this shocking battle at this time, but muttered a few words, and then the pupil was always on Ghost Face Soul Flame.

"Empty Spirit... Shengyao!" Mu Yingying's situation was also extremely uncomfortable at this time. She naturally knew that her own strength was not enough to completely defeat her brother. After all, between the two of them, whether it was the power of Shengyan , or after the transformation of human beings, the difference in strength is too huge, but Mu Yingying has a very special characteristic of the power of holy flame, she still wants to give it a try, if she awakens Yanchi's wisdom, no doubt everyone will be happy!

"Boom!" As soon as Mu Yingying's voice fell, an indescribable dazzling flame burst out, directly converging on the blue ethereal bird!

"嘁嘁嘁!" The ethereal bird formed by the azure holy flame was injected with such a huge amount of power, and immediately the body swelled up violently, and then the red mouth and white teeth under the forehead suddenly opened, like a burst of energy. The holy voice of the Voice of Heaven resounded throughout the entire holy flame space!

"Brother, wake up..." After doing all this, the aura in Mu Yingying's body weakened. It was obvious that she had reached the end of the road, but she kept her eyes fixed on Yan Chi.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh there is a strong attack and Yan Chi didn't expect Mu Yingying to have such a means. The sound of the ethereal bird just spread out and she was in pain!

"Humph!"

"I can't see that the two of you are really brother and sister!"

"But that's it!" The Gorefiend also realized that the call of this ethereal bird had the mysterious power of holy flames, and immediately snorted coldly, and the steady stream of Gorefiend's golden energy gathered on Yan Chi's body.

"Ahhh!"

"Danger...Go!" On the one hand, the evil aura on the body continued to subside due to the call of the ethereal bird. On the other hand, the blood demon golden energy was injected into the blood by the blood demon, which seemed extremely painful, still intermittent. The sound of a few syllables!

"Yanchi!" The Gorefiend looked at Yanchi, who was stalemate by the two forces, a hint of hesitation flashed in his pupils, and then he shouted loudly.

"Pfft!" As soon as the blood demon's voice fell, three drops of blood-colored blood spurted out.

And when the three drops of evil blood appeared, almost all the forces in this dimension were extremely repelled!

"It actually cost me three drops of demon blood..."

"Kill her for me!" And when three drops of demon blood were injected into Dao Yanchi's body, Yan Chi was no longer tormented by the voice of the ethereal bird, and a strange killing intent burst out from his pupils, and burst out towards Mu Yingying .

"Brother... I tried my best." Mu Yingying murmured in a low voice after seeing the last trace of pain on Yan Chi's face disappear, turning into a ruthless killing intent, and then closed her eyes. At that time, she had reached the real state of exhaustion.

"Death!" Yan Chi naturally ignored this, and his figure burst into flames, and then the fiery red flames converged on his palm, and came to Mu Yingying in a short time.

"Boom boom boom!" With a palm wave, the voice that resounded through the world immediately echoed directly.

"Hey, in this way, I'm afraid that even if you don't die, you will be seriously injured." The Ghost-faced Soul Flame Spirit looked at Yan Chi who was attacking away, and said slightly. He knew that now, even Xiao Yan would not have time to shoot.

"Hey..." Just after thinking about it in my heart, the ghost-faced soul flame spirit turned its attention to Xiao Yan, but found that Xiao Yan's figure had already disappeared without a trace!

"Plop..." Just when Ghost Face Soul Flame Spirit and Xiao Yi were surprised, a familiar figure appeared directly in front of Mu Yingying.

"how come……"

"Don't..." And just as Mu Yingying closed her eyes, she suddenly felt a force of destruction. Just as she was about to struggle, she felt powerless in her body, and she gave up resistance completely at that time, but after a long time, there was no pain. Feeling it, I couldn't help but open my pupils to find out, but as soon as this beautiful eye opened, a burst of tears suddenly poured out like a dam bursting!

What was reflected in Mu Yingying's eyes was a figure that she was very familiar with standing in front of her, Xiao Yan!

At this time, Xiao Yan's whole body was filled with a golden luster, and the light and even the breath of the khaki flames on his body dimmed slightly!

The most conspicuous thing was Xiao Yan's chest, a sound of cracking bones, which exploded in an instant, and Xiao Yan's face was extremely pale, and even a mouthful of scarlet blood spurted out from the corner of his mouth.

"I promised you... I will save him." Xiao Yan suffered such a serious injury in his body, but he still forced a smile as he said to Mu Yingying below.

"Big brother!"

"Xiao Yan!" Seeing this, Xiaoyi and the ghost-faced spirit of flames fired directly at him, regardless of the burning flames. Even Xiaoyi's pupils burst out. Blood red streaks!

"Pfft!" As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, a strong force came out of Yan Chi's body, his fist tightly pressed against Xiao Yan's chest, and slapped it heavily.

However, in Xiao Yan's body, a colorless holy flame soul seed was also directly introduced into Yan Chi's body by Xiao Yan's personal gesture!

"Shabu Shabu!" Suffered a heavy blow at Zaidu, Xiao Yan's figure flew upside down, quite embarrassed.

"Xiao Yan!" And until now, Mu Yingying's tears couldn't stop sloping out, and she went after it!

"You deserve what you deserve." Yan Chi injured Xiao Yan temporarily, and then said softly, but there was a single tear dripping from that pupil.

"Hahaha!"

"Yanchi, well done!"

"Kill that woman for me!" The next moment, the Gorefiend looked at Xiao Yan being so seriously injured, and laughed directly.

"Yes!" Yan Chi heard the words and followed in Mu Yingying's footsteps, trying to seriously injure her!

"Gorefiend... you are too much!" At this moment, the ghost face and soul flame on the side was restless, and a crazy thought poured into his heart.

"Excessive?"

"This side is nothing but a world where the strong eat the weak."

"You are weak, you can only be swallowed!"

"So...you all have to die!" After the Gorefiend finished speaking, the dazzling Gorefiend Gold Qi burst forth from his body. He obviously wanted to join forces with Yan Chi to completely obliterate everyone here!

"Hahaha!"

"Blood Demon Envoy, it's too early to be happy!" When Ghost Face Soul Yan saw this scene, a trace of madness also flashed in his pupils, and then laughed.

.. m.