Chapter Vol 4 921: Heartbroken!

"Shabu!" The flaming giant lion and the dark ghost blood column suddenly burst together, and the shocking fluctuations produced by the two turned out to be a dispute for a while!

"Fast back!" Seeing this, Zhu Jin couldn't help urging the formation, adding his own power of life and death, he immediately gave up looking for Yanchi for the time being, and protected everyone to the death!

If Fen Tian didn't use the strength of the two-star fighting immortals, I am afraid it would be extremely troublesome to deal with the two one-star fighting immortals, so Zhu Jin also planned to get rid of these two people first, and was slowly looking for Yan Chi.

Seeing this, Xuan Mu couldn't help but look worried, but he didn't say much, but all this was watched by Reimu Sheng, who was beside him.

However, Lingmengsheng glanced at his lover's gaze, followed his gaze, and found that the gaze was caused by Xuanxin.

Lingmengsheng trusted Xuanmuqing very much, but his life experience was quite strange. In addition to some of Xuanmuqing's previous actions, a bold guess couldn't help but sprout in his heart.

"Be careful!" Xiao Yan was surprised by the giant flame lion formed by Fen Tian for a while, but he didn't notice Mu Yingying's distraction, and then a huge flame ripple swept towards the two, and Xiao Yan suddenly displayed his defense and attacked Mu Yingying. Yingying's flame ripples were stopped.

"Thank you..." Mu Yingying's trance was awakened by this sudden scene, and she immediately said something to Xiao Yan.

"Let's go to meet first."

"The attack of the pavilion master and the attack of the mysterious black-robed man are probably not something we can handle, so be careful." Xiao Yan said.

"I'm afraid, not for the time being." Just after Mu Yingying finished speaking, an even hotter heat wave hit.

As soon as Mu Yingying's voice fell, in the realm shrouded by Burning Heaven, the outcome was slowly decided.

"Fentian, you immortal!"

"Death to this old man!" In the realm, the black robes on Dark Night Ghost Fairy's body were all showing traces of hot flames. Obviously, they were seriously injured by Fen Tian's attack, but Fen Tian, ​​on the other hand, was not much. of scars.

Xuan Xin watched that Fen Tian faced such a powerful blow from Dark Night Ghost Immortal and nothing happened. Immediately, a trace of anger appeared in his pupils, and then his figure burst into motion. On the palm of his hand, a dazzling black ghostly energy directed at Fen Ye. Attack away!

"Humph!" Fen Tian was not feeling well either, the flaming giant lion and the ghostly blood pillar were indeed on the same level, but the power fluctuations produced by the two made Fen Tian secretly shriveled.

"Flame!" Fen Tian didn't have the slightest concern when he saw the mysterious ghost qi swept over him, and immediately spoke out, a dazzling flame force appeared in the field!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boom boom boom!" The palms of the two were touching each other, but in just a few breaths, they were separated.

However, anyone with a discerning eye could see that it was Xuan Xin who had the upper hand.

"Xuanxin, this guy's strength is too strong, I'm afraid we can't handle it..."

"Why don't we forget today?" Dark Night Guixian couldn't help but spoke to Xuanxin through voice transmission. Obviously, he had just fought Fen Tian, ​​which also made Dark Night Guixian secretly amazed at the terrifying power of this guy.

"Dark Night Ghost Immortal, I didn't want you to be played with at such a high price."

"Kill him for me!" Xuan Xin watched Fen Tian stop her attack. Although she believed what Dark Night Guixian said, her anger was...

"Ha ha."

"Xuanxin, if it wasn't for me being the pavilion owner of the Fenxiang Pavilion, I'm afraid you would already be a corpse in front of me." Fentian said from a height below zero, standing in the field.

"Don't scare people!" Xuan Xin and Fen Tian had a lot of grievances, and now that Fen Tian was so underestimated, Xuan Xin's face became ugly.

And when everyone was staring at the three people in the realm, King Xuanling quietly entered the seventh floor of the underground palace.

"Hey-hey."

"Xuanxin."

"This time, it seems that God won't help you." After King Xuanling finished speaking, he hid his aura, but his whole body was filled with an extremely evil aura, which seemed to be out of tune with this world.

"I'll see if you die this time..."

"Dragon-loving Legion!" At the next moment, a golden token engraved with the word "Dragon-loving" appeared on Xuanxin's palm.

"Dragon Addiction?"

"This token is a good thing that can dispatch the Dragon-loving Legion at any time."

"It turned out to be in your hands..."

"But don't worry, the people of the Dragon Addiction Legion are too far away from the Xuanling royal family, this thing is useless." Looking at the strange golden token in Xuanxin's hand, Xuanling King also laughed.

"Dragon Addiction Order?" Fen Tian couldn't help frowning upon seeing this. Now Zhu Jin and the others have weakened a lot. If the Dragon Addiction Legion appeared at this time, I'm afraid...

The next moment, a look of determination appeared on Fen Tian's face, and he was about to make a move to injure Xuan Xin, so he quickly found Yan Chi and fled from here.

As soon as the token came out, Xuan Xin's face suddenly burst into laughter, and he was suddenly crushed by it!

As the token was crushed, a shocking force slowly radiated from it, but this was not what worried Fen Tian the most. These forces condensed in front of him, forming a huge vortex. , it seems that something is about to come out in general!

At this time, the entire seventh floor of the underground palace held their breaths. They knew that if any powerhouse appeared in the Xuanling royal family at this time, it would probably overturn the battle!

"..." A few breaths passed, the vortex slowly dissipated, and nothing was born.

"What's going on?" Seeing this, Xuan Xin couldn't help being startled, and then seemed to remember something, stretched out her palm, and took out a token.

"A token to summon Dong Xuan?"

"It's a pity that Dong Xuan, relying on his mere strength in the early days of the One-Star Fighting Immortals, dared to negotiate with me, and he died." King Xuanling smiled slowly.

"..." The that responded to Xuan Xin was deadly quiet again

"What the **** is going on here?" Xuan Xin couldn't help but said angrily.

"It seems that this time, God is not helping you."

"Don't worry, I don't dare to kill you now."

"When I resign as the pavilion master of Fenxiang Pavilion, that's when your profound heart will fall!" After Fen Tian finished speaking, the temperature of the flame power around his body suddenly increased, and then an unusually huge power suddenly emerged.

"Dark Night Ghost Immortal, save me!" At this time, Xuanxin could be said to have fallen into a situation where the lamp was running out of oil and could only ask for help.

"Hey..." Dark Night Ghost Immortal shook his head slowly, just about to save Xuanxin, but Zhu Jin's figure suddenly appeared in the distance, and then stopped him!

"Xuanxin, this is the first time I avenge my disciple, but it's not the last time!" After Fen Tian finished speaking, all the dazzling power poured out at Xuanxin!

"Crash!" The power of fiery red flames in the realm, like a beam of light penetrating the heaven and earth, hit Xuan Xin in an instant, and then let Xuan Xin defend it, and after all, it was submerged under the bright beam.

"This Fentian is also timid, just kill him, and he is still half-dead..." And the King Xuanling, who was hiding in the dark, slowly let out an evil aura in his body.

The second update is normal these days, and the update at the end of the month will be announced one day in advance

Ps: The Blood River Continent is only a part of the ghost world, and the three ghosts are only part of the power in the ghost world, not all of them. About other forces and top forces in the seven worlds, we will focus on it later.