Chapter Vol 4 1156: each show capital

"Exchanging things for things?" Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning when he heard this.

Although the 20,000,000 gold coins obtained from the elixir auction just now have been squandered by buying a fairy elixir, Xiao Yan still has a lot of elixir. Exchanging things for things will undoubtedly make Xiao Yan a little bit painful. After all, the treasures on his body are quite rare.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

At best, there is only the prototype pill at the fourth rank of the Immortal Rank, but this is Xiao Yan's bargaining chip to compete for the finale, and obviously he will not take it out for this seal fighting skill.

"It's really unlucky."

"If I get this seal fighting skill, I am afraid that I can rely on the power of my holy flame and add some fighting spirit. Although it is not enough to support me in the battle, I am afraid that it is an invincible existence among the same star." Xiao Yan's complexion changed uncertainly, he calculated.

"Hehe, Brother Xiao Yan, don't worry, this seal fighting skill is very valuable. I'm afraid some rich and powerful guys will definitely pay attention to him, so let's just wait and see what happens." Qing Wen said with a smile.

"En." Xiao Yan also simply sat on the chair, but his eyes were on the auction table. He had to figure out whose hands this seal fighting skill fell into. .

However, Xiao Yan was a little surprised. Obviously, the Qing family's patriarch, the Lei family, and the Yu family did not waste time. Although this seal fighting skill is precious, it has no intention of auctioning it, and Qingming is also sitting quietly on the chair. Xiao Yan couldn't help but have high expectations for the finale. After all, the things that can be remembered by the two-star Douxian Perfectionists are probably not ordinary things.

"Six pills of the emperor's third-grade heaven-rank peak." The next moment, in the tenth private room, a handsome man with extraordinary bearing spoke directly, and his voice was full of urgency.

This person is impressively the young head of the Hammer mercenary group in the Ghost King City.

The overall strength of the Hammer mercenary group is not strong, and its leader is only a strong person in the early stage of two-star Dou Xian, so it is naturally not comparable to the three masters of Ghost King City, but when this guy opened his mouth, it still caused a burst of sigh.

"Six pills that are at the peak of the emperor's third-rank heaven-rank?"

"This is the top level under the Immortal Rank. This hammer mercenary group is really rich and powerful."

"But even though this guy made a big bid, I'm afraid the value of this seal fighting skill is not enough..." There was some noise in many quiet private rooms, obviously planning to watch a play.

Because they all know that the ranks of the alchemist are divided into the first, second and third grades of the emperor, and each rank is divided into three levels of heaven, earth and profound. Elixir.

"A volume of low-level holy-rank exercises." In the private room No. 15, a white-haired old man slowly bid.

"Hehe, a roll of low-level holy-rank exercises is probably not worth the three pills." And Li Qin on the auction table also gave an instant evaluation.

"Hey, little baby, I haven't finished speaking yet."

"Don't think that this kung fu is just a low-level saint, but this kung fu is quite peculiar." The old man in the No. 15 private room said with a smile.

"Oh, what's the difference between this exercise?" After Feng Feng heard the words, he also laughed with interest.

"This exercise is called the Ice Palace, which enables practitioners of the ice attribute to use the effect of the exercise to achieve the same effect as the Sealing Fighting Technique. Cultivating and condensing the Ice Palace will cause considerable damage to the powerhouses of the same attribute. For tyrannical suppression, although suppression cannot achieve the effect of a seal, it is enough to suppress half of its power. Even if the scope of the seal can only be limited to a small level, it is not to question its power. This is also the peculiarity of kung fu. The place." And with Dead Wind's voice asking, the old man in the private room No. 15 said indifferently.

"This cultivation technique has such a miraculous effect?" Dead Wind couldn't help but be surprised when he heard the words.

After the practice and fighting skills reach the holy rank, many strange things will be born on the original basis, and it is obvious that the power of this ice palace practice method is quite strange. Rolling exercises.

"I have a first-order immortal sword..." The young man in the private room No. 19 heard the words and gritted his teeth. Although he knew that there was little hope, there was still a burst of shouts.

Immortal swords, Xiao Yan, who was in the Dou Di period, still felt out of reach, but after reaching Dou Xian, he realized that there are not only 108 kinds of immortal swords, and 108 kinds of immortal swords are only for Xuan Santian.

In the Great Thousand World, the Immortal Sword is divided into 1 to 9 ranks, each rank corresponds to a rank, for example, the first rank immortal sword should be the best one for the one-star fighting immortal.

"I made four emperor-level third-grade earth-level medicinal pills..." Some intermittent voices sounded slowly, but it was obvious that these people's bids were not as high as those of the two at the beginning.

"Everyone, don't be impatient. After we discuss it, we will naturally decide the ownership of this seal fighting skill." Li Qin smiled slowly, and the next moment, the two of them disappeared on the auction table.

Not long after, Li Qin and Death Feng returned to the auction stage. From what they looked like, it was obvious that there was a result.

"Everyone, after our discussion, the final ownership of this seal fighting skill is the private room No. 10." Dead Wind laughed, obviously they chose the medicine pill after weighing , after all, the ice attribute Although the practice method is strange, it can only be practiced by the strong with the ice attribute, which undoubtedly restricts its power.

"The private room No. 10..." Xiao Yan gave him a thoughtful look.

"The guy in the No. 10 private room is the young leader of the Hammer Mercenary Group. He has the strength in the middle stage of the One Star Fighting Immortal, and his talent is outstanding. It is said that he has a talent that surpasses his father." Seimei said with a smile, obviously He sensed Xiao Yan's killing intent.

"What's the strength of their hammer mercenary group?" Xiao Yan asked.

"In the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian, the head of the group, there are three powerhouses in the late stage of the one-star Dou Xian. For you, the other powerhouses are nothing to be afraid of." Seimei smiled.

As the head of the family, Qingming's eyes are so vicious. Naturally, he can see Xiao Yan's thoughts at a glance, but he doesn't say much, because he knows that talent is as important as personality.

Moreover, I quite like Xiao Yan's character. After all, if a person has tyrannical strength and not enough ruthless temperament, it is difficult to achieve great things.

"If there is a chance, I will definitely meet this hammer mercenary group." Xiao Yan said with a smile, after all, obtaining this seal fighting skill will greatly increase his strength, so even if he offends a strong two-star fighting immortal early stage, it is worthwhile. One try, then silent.

"Next, I'm afraid there will be some rare things... and it's not far from the finale." Seimei smiled.

"Since this second item was photographed by the guests in private room No. 10, then the third auction item will follow." Li Qin's beautiful and tactful voice reverberated in everyone's heart.