Chapter Vol 4 1382: Enemy on 2 sides!

When Xiao Yan was constantly confronting the three strong men, shocking scenes were also happening outside the Thunder Tomb and in the Thunder Valley.

"My lord... all the powerhouses of the Youhuan family have entered the Thunder Tomb, and at this time the Thunder Tomb has been controlled by them, and the sword-forging Thunder Valley still doesn't know it." On a quiet path, the two figures are strange. They were talking, and one of them was the current Deputy Valley Master of Forging Blade Thunder Valley, Duan Tianyan.

"You Huan, this immortal... always specializing in bad things!"

"I really thought he was a 'half emperor' powerhouse among the evil tribes outside the realm, so I wouldn't dare to touch him?" Duan Tianyan couldn't help but show a hint of sarcasm on his gentle face when he heard the words. It was completely in their hands, and they thought that they would be taken first by the Youhuan family.

Originally, they were planning to wait until the East Continent ratio was completely over, and used the means of thunder to launch a devastating blow on the Forge Blade Thunder Valley, annihilating the Forge Blade Thunder Valley and giving a profound lesson to the upper echelons of Yinhuntian, but now they are so disturbed by the Youhuan clan. The plan, of course, is to make some changes.

"Sir, what should I do now?" Seeing Duan Tianyan's appearance, he immediately said cautiously, for fear that he might provoke him.

"Contact all our strengths, and the grand ceremony can begin."

"Since the Youhuan Clan is willing to take the lead, then I am also willing to add fire to them." Duan Tianyan smiled strangely.

"Yes, my lord!" The man in black heard the words, his breath sank, and then disappeared instantly.

"You Huan, if you don't obey the 'Emperor''s arrangement, your fall will be a matter of time, but if your fall can be exchanged for some meaningful things, it will be worth it." Du Tianyan finished speaking, a Strange thoughts formed in the bottom of my heart, so they went towards the forging knife hall.

In the knife-forging hall, dozens of high-level executives had already stood here at this time. They looked flustered, and obviously found something.

"Valley Master." One of the old men couldn't help but said, with a sense of remorse in his voice.

"Old Du, you are in charge of the Thunder Tomb this time. Tell me what happened." Duo Tianhong seemed extremely angry, and asked the high-ranking old man.

"Gu master, I don't blame the old man for this."

"Since the contestants entered the Thunder Tomb, our control over the Thunder Tomb has weakened a lot. Even during the two months of this competition, none of the tens of thousands of disciples used the Thunder Card to leave the Thunder Tomb. The strangest thing about us..."

"Therefore, we have sent strong experts to explore many times, but there is no news. It seems that there is some problem with Lei Tomb." Lei Lao's strength has also stepped into the four-star Dou Xian level, although he is also a high weight in the Thunder Valley. , but in front of Duo Tianhong, it seemed insignificant.

"Humph."

"This matter has been going on for two months. Why didn't you report it early in the morning when you found out, but instead delayed it again and again?" Facing Lao Lao's explanation, Duo Tianhong frowned and asked without showing any emotion.

"Gu Master, this matter is our fault, so I want to report it to you." Facing Duan Tianhong's sternness, Lao Lao couldn't help but whisper, after all, this matter was his own fault.

"Hehe, big brother, don't be impatient."

"I have already obtained the specific information. The Thunder Tomb... was completely invaded by the Youhuan family, so it is reasonable that Lei Lao did not find out in time to stop it." Just when Duan Tianhong's emotions erupted, the swordsmith in the Forging Hall The void wriggled slightly, and a flame figure slowly appeared.

"Vice Valley Master." With the appearance of the flame figure, the other strong men also felt an extremely tyrannical oppression, and immediately opened their mouths.

"The ghost family?" Duan Tianhong was shocked when he heard the words. Obviously, he didn't know what was in the Thunder Tomb, and the power of the King of the Burning Soul Clan in his hand was related to the relationship between the ghost family and so on. Thunder Valley, and only he knows best.

After Duan Tianhong was exorcised by Xiao Yan from the dark disease in his body, he has been retreating to restore his peak power to deal with the hidden enemy in the next Dongzhou ratio, but he said that there are other things, so no one knew about Duan Tianhong. What are you doing specifically? Now that the peak of recovery has just appeared, it is aware that something has happened to Lei Tomb, and a meeting is held immediately.

"A foreign evil clan, a ghost clan?"

"Is that the evil race that has a good relationship with the Burning Soul Clan?" Among the strong people present, there were also some discerning people, and they suddenly realized something.

"Second brother, how did you find out about this?" Although Du Tianhong knew that they had spies inside the Thunder Valley of Forging Knife, there was no need to tear his face until the last moment. Apart from a very small number of people, many high-level officials inside the Thunder Valley of Forged Blades are also under Du Tianhong's suspicion, and Duan Tianyan is naturally no exception.

"Brother, please take a look." Duan Tianyan seemed to have expected this tomb for a long time. On the center of his palm, a fiery flame kept beating. fluctuations.

"Crash!" The flames kept beating, and in the blink of an eye, they turned into three extremely vague figures. The aura on the three of them was extremely evil. After a while, the identities of the three were completely confirmed by a group of powerful people present.

Just from the light and breath of the pupils of the three people, it can be determined that this is the powerhouse of the ghost family!

"This extraterritorial evil clan can't help but make a move..."

"Gu master, order it." After a while, a group of high-level officials present said to Du Tianhong with bright eyes, killing the aliens is the mission of countless creatures in the world can't shirk, and This ghostly clan dared to blatantly break into the Thunder Tomb, no doubt declaring war on their entire Blade Forging Thunder Valley.

"Although the Youhuan family has only three four-star fighting immortals, they are in the middle of the power rankings among the extraterritorial evil clan, and they have two 'Zun' rank and a 'Half-Emperor' rank within the clan..."

"I'm afraid things won't be so simple..." Duo Tianhong frowned, obviously this matter will never be so simple.

"Our Blade-Forging Thunder Valley now has seven of the four-star Fighting Immortals. Since this matter is our internal affairs, we shouldn't bother other forces."

"Pass my order."

"Forged Knife Thunder Valley has entered a state of red alert, and all people with suspicious identities are imprisoned."

"In addition... I will use the secret method to enter the Thunder Tomb. After I enter, I will let Tianyan direct everything in the valley."

"If there is any dissatisfaction... Gu Gui will deal with it!" A majestic order emerged from Duan Tianhong's mouth in an orderly manner, but no one noticed. As the voice fell, Duan Tianyan felt a trace of ordinary people in his heart. At the same time, Duan Tianhong looked at Duan Tianyan and smiled slightly.

"Master Gu Shengming!" As the voice fell, everyone saluted slightly, and they knew that this time was probably also a big battle. ...

​​

First set a small goal, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: