Chapter Vol 4 916: The founder of the petrified Xuanling royal family?

"I didn't expect that even you, the immortal, came here." Seeing that in the sky, Zhu Jin couldn't help but not die, but instead led out Fen Tian, ​​the strongest person in the Fenxiang Pavilion, and said gloomily immediately.

However, although Zhu Jin was not dead, at the last moment, being affected by such a powerful blow from Xuan Xin's close-range explosion wave was extremely uncomfortable. The bloodstains all over his body had proved this.

"You did a good job, then leave it to me."

"Let's go down." Fen Tian turned his head and said to Zhu Jin, and then a trace of awe-inspiring murderous aura suddenly appeared on his gentle face.

"Fentian old dog!"

"I remember the hatred back then."

"You killed so many of my children."

"This time, let's do the math!" When Xuan Xin saw Fen Tian appearing, not only did he not retreat, but he was overjoyed!

After so many years of confrontation with Fenxiang Pavilion, if you don't even know that Fenxiang Pavilion is naturally vigilant, you will be a dignified and powerful immortal warrior.

Therefore, what seemed to be a powerful blow from Saint Yanzi just now was actually just Xuanxin's means to force Fen Tian to appear.

And every time I think of the fact that Fen Tian killed so many bloodlines of the Xuanling royal family, I can't help but have blue veins.

"Kill my disciple, you deserve it."

"If it wasn't for being persuaded by the powerhouses of other super sects, where would there still be your Xuanling royal family today?" Fen Tian heard the words, a trace of pain flashed in his pupils, even though he didn't want to bring it up.

"Quickly fight and decide quickly, you all go to find Yanchi, and leave this profound heart to me to deal with."

"Yanchi should be in this underground palace. It may be that these guys used some unknown means, so they were hidden." Fen Tian said to a group of strong people behind him.

"Go!" The seventh floor of the underground palace was extremely wide, and then the other powerhouses also moved.

"Yanmu!" Seeing Lingmengsheng and the others moving, Fen Tian snorted softly.

Suddenly, the dark space was illuminated by the flames on Fen Tian's body, and even on Fen Tian's body, a dazzling fiery red flame slowly rose, hovering above the two of them.

However, as the flames lit up, on the wall of the seventh floor of the underground palace, there were actually some ghostly reflections that appeared on it, but even Fen Tian didn't notice it.

"Unexpectedly, that beast, Yan Chi, also gave you Saint Yanzi Fire."

"Don't worry, we have found a way to devour him."

"Although you came to break my plan this time, but it can make the power of the top of the Fenxiang Pavilion fall, I feel relieved when I think of it."

"And you broke into our Xuanling royal family's massacre several times back then. Today, you should return it." At the corner of Xuanxin's mouth, a mysterious and sinister power emerged, and then the power of the fiery red holy flame emerged. down, incite slowly.

"What can I do at the mid-level of One Star Fighting Immortal?" Seeing this, Fen Tian couldn't help but sneer, and then his eyes fixed on Xuan Xin.

"Hehe, Fen Tian who is at the level of One Star Dou Xian Perfection." Seeing Fen Tian being so arrogant, Xuan Xin immediately disapproved and spoke.

Fen Tian naturally broke through to the level of a two-star Dou Xian, but just in case, Fen Tian still only has the perfection level of a one-star Dou Xian.

"A black river?" Looking at the two people who were constantly talking in mid-air, Ling Mengsheng and the others were not idle either, and under the light of Fentian's flame, they headed towards the depths of the seventh floor of the underground palace.

Just as the body invaded the black river, a gloomy feeling that penetrated the heart suddenly emerged from the bottom of my heart.

"This black river seems to devour our power of life and death?" Mu Xuzi frowned, sensing the difficulty of the black river.

"What is that..." But the next moment, Xuan Muqing raised his hand slightly, pointed to a silver-white statue not far from the crowd, and said slowly.

At first glance, this silver-white statue seems to give people a sense of insignificance, as if the power contained in this silver-white statue is extremely huge, as if standing erect in an ancient time.

Taking a closer look, this silver-white statue has a clear outline and a conspicuous body, which clearly looks like a human figure.

"This thing..." Ling Mengsheng couldn't help muttering as he looked at the strange silver-white statue.

"I remember."

"The founder of the Xuanling Royal Family seems to be like this, right?" After a while, the young man beside him suddenly said.

"Founder of the Xuanling Royal Family?" Xuan Muqing heard the words and couldn't help but glanced at it a few more times. Indeed, when Xuan Muqing looked at the silver-white statue in front of his pupils, he clearly felt an innate urge breath!

That breath seems to come from the same bloodline!

In other words, the silver-white statue in front of him seems to be the founder of the Xuanling Royal Family, just as Qing Lao said.

"Why don't I know..." Xuan Muqing couldn't help but say something.

"It's normal that you don't know this."

"It is said that the founder of the Xuanling royal family has the strength of a two-star fighting immortal."

"However, the founder of the Xuanling Royal Family rushed to the Medusa family in order to find some secrets."

"At the beginning of Xuantian Santian's establishment, the Medusa family was a real overlord in Xuantiantian because of the existence of some strong people with pure Medusa blood."

"So I don't know why the founder of the Xuanling royal family would deal with Queen Medusa single-handedly, but it is said that it was completely sealed by Queen Medusa's petrified pupil."

"I think, if this rumor is true, I'm afraid the one in front of us is the sealed stone statue of the founder of the Xuanling royal family." Ling Mengsheng thought for a while before slowly speaking.

"That is to say..."

"In the stone statue in front of you, is the founder of the Xuanling royal family?"

"The one who is comparable to the two-star fighting immortal?" When he heard Lingmengsheng's words even Mu Xuzi, who was always calm, couldn't help but speak.

Half-immortals can already be regarded as the mainstays of the entire Xuantian three days. It is not uncommon for a half-immortal strong man to support a sect.

As for the real Dou Xian, every sect with Dou Xian is a leader among the super sects!

As for the two-star Dou Xian, I am afraid it is enough to dominate Xuan Santian!

"It should be." At this time, the two elders of Heaven and Earth also spoke slowly.

"The space above the silver-white statue seems to have collapsed a little, and there should be something unusual." After a while, Reimu Sheng's sharp pupils seemed to have caught the unusual space above the silver-white statue, and he spoke immediately.

"Go and have a look!" Everyone heard the words and nodded secretly. After Ling Mengsheng said this, it was indeed a bit strange that his footsteps set foot on the silver-white statue of the black river.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hehe, it seems that this fellow Xuanxin has the will to kill Fen Tian."

"But it's no wonder that this Fen Tian was the third emperor of the Xuanling royal family, and he was an uneasy ruthless man who beat the Xuanling royal family."

"Remember that Fen Tian's strength was only at the level of a nine-star Dou Emperor, and the cause of the incident seems to be because their Xuanling royal family accidentally killed Fen Tian's adopted son..." Behind the silver-white statue, in an inconspicuous place, the ghost of the night. Xian said slowly.

And as Dark Night Guixian's voice just fell, Fen Tian and Xuan Xin's attacks started slowly.