Chapter Vol 4 1756: Sorry...for being late!

"Come on." Cailin did not retreat, because she knew that once she retreated, tens of thousands of ordinary people behind her would fall, even Xiao Yan's brothers and sisters, so she had no way out.

"Weng Om!" For a while, above Cailin's head, a rather illusory little snake figure slowly appeared.

Companion Spirit Snake!

It's just that although this method is quite powerful, the relative price is too heavy, because once the accompanying snake is damaged, I am afraid that the damage will be superimposed in geometric multiples and fed back to Cailin, but the situation is now. Next, Cailin also has no choice.

This is the place Xiao Yan likes, and the place where his division exists, so no matter what, Cailin will guard every grass and tree here for him until the moment he returns, even if he is dead.

And Xiao Yan is the true king of Xuanling Continent in Cailin's eyes!

"Tear La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La!" The piercing sound of breaking the wind continued to emerge from the evil bow Xuan in the hands of the Poisonous Demon Empress. The power contained in it was appalling. I am afraid that such a simple blow could completely kill Cai Lin. !

The companion spirit snake above Cailin's head just appeared, and Cailin spewed blood on it immediately, and the body of the companion spirit snake became solid, and there was a faint gleam of ten-color luster, and it flowed.

The power of ten colors shakes the sky and the earth, but unfortunately Cailin has barely mastered the power of five colors, and can't fully drive the power of ten colors. The strongest among them are also unable to confront them head-on.

"Die!" Finally, after the Demon Queen of Poison Shakes completely completed the cohesion of the evil bow and Xuan, the palm suddenly loosened, the green bow and crossbow pulled the full moon, directly shattering the void, locking the color scale, and blasting it away. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest computer terminal: https://first release

"Spiritual snakes dance with the dance, colorful swallowing power!" Seeing such an evil blow, Cailin did not give up the chance to resist, the spiritual snake above his head shook violently, and a group of colorful energy light spit out lightly, and immediately responded. Attacked with the green bow Xuan.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the two attacks just collided, like a volcanic eruption, violent energy fluctuations resounded in the sky, but after a while, the five-color light group was completely pierced by the green Gong Xuan, facing the color of the color. The scales shot away, obviously the gap between the powers was not enough to make up for the attack.

"Alas." With a helpless sigh, bursts of determination suddenly appeared in Cailin's eyes.

This is the land that Xiao Yan lives on, and Cailin is aware of Xiao Yan's ambitions. She knows that the Xuanling Continent will definitely serve as the base of Xiao Yan's forces in the future, and she immediately smiled brightly.

"Xiao Yan, you have to help me take good care of Xiao Xiao, otherwise this king will not let you go even if he is a ghost!" As soon as the voice fell, Cailin's delicate body suddenly became illusory, and a tyrannical five-colored holy light appeared like a The first ray of light before dawn illuminates the entire earth.

"A child without a mother has no sugar to eat... Are you so cruel?" At a certain moment, at this critical moment, the sky was shaking, but Cailin's small waist was completely embraced by a gentle palm. , and immediately a very rogue voice emerged.

"Shameless!" Cai Lin felt the sound of day and night thinking, and immediately scolded with a smile. The fighting spirit in her body couldn't help but stagnate, her delicate body trembled slightly, and a trace of moisture flashed in her beautiful eyes.

"Crash!" The two of them smiled, but the green evil Gong Xuan still shot at them with a powerful aura.

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan waved his hand, and immediately above his arm, a soft halo like a wave of water completely covered the entire sky.

This is his base, Xiao Yan will not allow any moment, the terrifying defensive power of the Pattern of Dominance, instantly engulfs the evil Gong Xuan, and the entire sky has returned to calm.

"Okay, leave it to me next." Xiao Yan's entire body emerged directly from the void, his palm slowly retracted, and he couldn't help but fragrantly approach the beautiful person in front of him.

"Bold!"

"How dare you underestimate Her Majesty the Queen, you won't be able to find death!" As the terrifying offensive from the sky fell, Xiao Yan's almost rogue-like movements made all the powerhouses present stunned.

Who is Her Majesty Queen Medusa?

That is the real ruler of the entire Xuanling Continent. How dare this man dare to be so frivolous, and when he ends, he will probably be hunted to death by these subordinates who are surrounded by Queen Medusa.

Looking at the emaciated figure beside Her Majesty Queen Medusa, the Medusa **** and all the confidants of the Snake People, she couldn't help roaring, the deafening voice was enough to easily shake the Nine Heavens, but these guys are obviously new after Xiao Yan left. Jin, so it makes sense not to know Xiao Yan.

"Xiao...Xiao Yan?" After a while, Fen Tian's fighting qi skyrocketed, and he suddenly shook off the evil demon who was fighting with him. His pupils couldn't help but feel wet, and he lost his voice.

Others can't recognize this guy, but Fen Tian won't admit it!

And a familiar high-level executive looked at the thin figure in front of him, and immediately felt a little relieved. With him around, I'm afraid this battle will be quite easy.

"She is very strong, at least a Six-Star Fighting Immortal..." Cai Lin was like a little daughter at this moment, lying quietly in Xiao Yan's arms, enjoying this rather warm moment, and said.

"Don't worry, old rival."

"Yingying You and other strong people will completely obliterate all the evil things that invaded our Xuanling Continent!"

"Remember not to let go of any evil thing." Reluctantly letting go of the color scales, Xiao Yan looked at the Demon Empress Dusha again.

Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and a tyrannical breath suddenly emerged from a certain space channel below. The strength of those guys is actually the same as these tyrannical devils.

"This guy has grown a lot now." Seeing the dozens of strong men who suddenly emerged, neatly entangled the powerful demon in front of him, the minds of the super sects were all relieved.

"Next, let's take a good look at this kid's performance." For a while, Fen Tian, ​​the Sect Master of the Poison Sect, and the Valley Master of the Valley of Flowers were all quietly crawling aside, after all, their strength was quite limited.

"Hmph... You didn't die, you really have a great fate." The Demon Empress of Poison Bracers spoke slowly, her voice extremely heavy, obviously even Xiao Yan's strength at the level of five-star fighting immortal still made him feel extremely tyrannical. Pressure, not to mention the highest level of existence on Xiao Yan in the previous Demon Suppression Prison.

Lord of Soul Eater.

"Don't worry, teacher, they have already ended the ghost realm and returned to the soul-devouring realm, but a mere six-star fighting immortal is not enough for the teacher to do it. This time, I will completely keep you here forever!"

"It just so happens that I need to interrogate you about something." Xiao Yan and Du Sha Yao stood quietly in the clouds, and the dazzling coercion and aura slowly emerged!

I don't know if it was a massacre or a unilateral crush.