Chapter 36: Under the lake adventure!

"Huh?" Xiao Yan was also startled, then looked at Yue Ru in front of him.

"I think the real crescent moon green fruit should still be in this lake." Yue Ru thought thoughtfully.

"Master, what should we do now?" Xiao Yan also asked anxiously.

"Oh? Your blood..."

"Take a drop of your blood and throw it at the Illusory Golden Monster Python, hurry up!" The Golden Dragon King's hurried voice came from the ring.

Xiao Yan is also not a person with ink marks. As soon as he gritted his teeth with his fingers, a drop of scarlet blood was thrown at the Illusory Golden Monster Python. When the mighty Illusory Golden Monster Python felt the drop of Xiao Yan's blood just a moment ago, It was as if the blood in the whole body had coagulated!

"Colorful Sky Swallowing Python!" The Illusory Gold Monster Python had already surrendered to Xiao Yan, because it clearly felt the aura of this human being. The Colorful Sky Swallowing Python was the most powerful race of the Snake Clan, and the Illusory Gold Monster Python. Where dare to be presumptuous.

Among the beasts, the bloodline has always been oppressive, so when he knew that Xiao Yan possessed the blood of the seven-colored swallowing blood, the eldest brother of the Illusory Gold Monster Python, with his eyes wide open, also respected Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan looked at the Illusory Golden Demon Python and said, "Take us to the Crescent Moon Cuiguo!"

When the giant snake heard Xiao Yan's words, it also responded with a "bang bang bang", as if he was saying to follow me! Then he slammed into the lake, as if there was something at the bottom of the lake.

Xiao Yan floated in the icy lake, looking at the dark brown water flowing slowly around his body with surprise, a huge bubble slowly emerged beside him. Then, with a loud bang, it exploded, and some water jets splashed onto Xiao Yan's face, but in an instant, it was swallowed up by the layer of milky white flames.

"This?"

"Why is there such a hot temperature in the blisters, is there a world at the bottom of this lake?"

Xiao Yan looked at the giant snake that crashed into the lake and muttered to himself.

"Yueru, wait for me here, I'll follow it down to see!" Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, under the protection of the milky white flame all over his body, he directly slammed into the lake like a giant snake.

"Be careful! Safety is the main priority!" Yueru's voice echoed on the lake.

Look at the giant snake that makes ripples in the lake. Xiao Yan let out a sigh of relief before diving into the lake. Hang tightly behind the Fire Spirit Snake.

As soon as he entered the lake, an icy feeling swept over him, and then he called out the body of a different fire, and all the water pressure and air pressure in the outside world seemed to be separated. ?? A somewhat cold feeling hovering around the body, but it does not feel cold at all.

Through the isolation of the different fire, the palms easily picked up some dark brown water. Then let them slowly flow down from between his fingers, Xiao Yan smacked his lips in amazement, such close contact with the water flow really made people feel a little creepy and cold in their hearts, if the protective cover of this flame suddenly dissipated now , then go down on your own...

Xiao Yan shuddered violently at the thought of being frozen like a statue. His face turned slightly pale.

"Big guy, hurry up." Xiao Yan also followed the giant snake and dived to the bottom of the lake, but the pressure of the lake became stronger and the air became thinner as he went down, making Xiao Yan unable to help but frown slightly at the giant snake in front of him. road.

"嘁偁嘁~" The Illusory Golden Demon Python seemed to understand Xiao Yan's meaning, and hurriedly spat out a snake letter, and then the speed was skyrocketing! Straight to the bottom of the lake!

Although the strange fire can temporarily protect me, it will consume a lot of soul power. After all, if you lose the soul energy to maintain them, even if you are not swallowed by the water flow, it will instantly oppress the ashes...

Therefore, I can't waste precious time. Before my soul energy is exhausted, I must leave this magma lake. Otherwise, the ice sculpture I thought of before will really become a reality. ??

As the giant snake continued to advance, Xiao Yan's mind quickly calculated.

The corners of Xiao Yan's mouth twitched a few times, then he turned around in a dignified manner, looked at the huge two-headed fire snake not far away, and said with a big laugh, "Big man, hurry up.??"

One thousand meters...

Two thousand meters...

Three kilometers...

Xiao Yan gradually felt that breathing was a little difficult. Indeed, a normal person would experience difficulty breathing when he dived to 2,000 meters. Xiao Yan was able to dive to 3,000 meters because of his physical fitness and strength.

"Damn!"

"Why not yet!" Xiao Yan cursed as he looked at the giant snake that was still diving in front of him.

Three thousand meters is already approaching Xiao Yan's limit as a human being. If it goes down, it is a forbidden area of ​​life, because it has surpassed human cognition, and there may be many unknown crises. Xiao Yan can't help but frown slightly.

Three thousand one hundred meters...

The diving speed is also oppressed by the pressure of the water current at the bottom of the lake, which is getting slower and slower.

"Damn!"

"five minutes!"

"Go back if you don't have it!" Xiao Yan couldn't help roaring in his heart.

3,200 meters...

Five minutes passed quietly.

Xiao Yan found that his grudge seemed to be burning violently, as if something was attracting it!

This situation! It can only be the same flame power!

"Old bastard!"

"The last three minutes!" Xiao Yan also gritted his teeth and said dived to 3,300 meters, and the Illusory Golden Monster Python also stopped and stood blankly, and then shed its skin!

The giant snake was black at first, but now it has shed its skin and replaced it with golden skin. It swims towards the world of flames, not afraid of the scorching heat!

Xiao Yan had not had time to take a breath just now, when a scorching hot breath rushed towards his face!

Looking around, when you dived to 3,300 meters, it was a scorching magma world!

It was fiery red, but with the continuous support of Xiao Yi's flame, Xiao Yan could barely see some of the surrounding environment. Drilling serpent.

"One ice, one fire, two heavens!"

"There must be a rare treasure under the lava here!" The Golden Dragon King in the ring has been paying attention to Xiao Yan's state. If something goes wrong, he will immediately take action, but when he finds that there is icy lake water above and hot water below In the world of flames, Jinlong couldn't help but be surprised by Jinlong's extensive knowledge.

"Huh?" Xiao Yan obviously also knew that the Golden Dragon King cared about him. If he wanted to become a strong man, he was destined to rely on himself, and he could not become a strong man by relying on others. There was no shortcut for a strong man.

"Don't talk nonsense, follow the giant snake first. It has lived for so many years and must be very familiar with it. Don't lose it." The Golden Dragon King's tone was full of fiery.

Xiao Yan didn't dare to be careless when he heard that, even though he was perplexed, he had to hurriedly follow the giant snake.

But fortunately, the giant snake is obviously very familiar with the terrain here. Before the undercurrent came, they were able to find the most suitable route to sneak, and Xiao Yan, who followed closely behind it, also took the opportunity to smooth these magma undercurrents. dodged away.