Chapter 474: Spot the scam!

"Don't kill her, just imprison her. After all, she is also a one-turn nine-star fighting emperor." Ye Mo said to the eight people.

"Yes." The eight people nodded secretly when they heard the words, and then set their eyes on the temple hundreds of meters away from the crowd.

The temple is extremely magnificent, and the whole body is white. There seem to be some mysterious patterns on the periphery of the temple, like snakes, people and beasts, lifelike.

"How to open this?" Qin Tian never looked at the little green from the beginning to the end, but was currently standing firmly against the temple in front of him. After all, the strength of the other eight members of the Dragon-loving Legion was not vegetarian.

As Qin Tian stared at the temple, it seemed that an extremely terrifying aura slowly emanated from it.

"Humph!"

"Cunning humans!"

"This temple is not something you can open with just a few humans."

"You guys should give up." After Xiaolu was imprisoned by the eight-color fighting qi, she also gave up her struggle and directly turned into a human woman, and then said to the three people floating in the sky.

"Tell me, how to open this temple, otherwise it will inevitably suffer from some flesh and blood." The mysterious demon on the side spoke, and his voice was full of gloom.

"asshole!"

"Those of you who trespassed into my Medusa clan without permission, wait until our nine leaders gather, and you will definitely have to come back and forth!" Xiaolu snorted coldly, then sat down without speaking.

"There are a lot of auras hidden in this temple that make me quite afraid. The Medusa Temple really lives up to its reputation." Ye Mo stared at the temple for a long time, but there was nothing to gain, and he opened his mouth slightly.

"Yaoxin, hurry up." King Xuanling didn't have the slightest idea before they met, and immediately said to one of the eight people around Xiaolu.

"En." Yaoxin heard the words, took a step directly, and then came to Xiaolu's side.

"Help me suppress her, otherwise once she struggles, it is very likely that she will fail!" The medicine core said heavily, and there was a bit of solemnity in his eyes.

Yaoxin is an alchemist who is a second-grade emperor-rank earth pill, and his soul power has just stepped into the emperor's mortal level.

It's just because the core has a special innate talent, this talent can detect other people's memories, this method is quite strange, even Qin Tian doesn't know the reason, but this kind of memory detection is very important to detection. It has almost no substantive impact, but Yaoxin can't help but feel a little hard in his heart to detect powerhouses with higher strength than himself.

The special ability of drug core, if one is not careful, I am afraid that it will fall directly!

"Okay!" When everyone heard the words, they knew that the time was tight, so they said in a deep voice, and then a huge battle qi instantly suppressed Xiaolu.

Xiaolu felt the ten thousand jins of gravity pressing down on her with ferocious hunger, and it was a little difficult, and Bei's lips were tightly clenched.

"Shabu!" Seeing this, Yaoxin was overjoyed immediately. This little green dignifiedly transformed the strength of the Nine-Star Dou Di. If she was allowed to use her memory exploration alone, she would probably end up in a dead end!

But fortunately, many strong men forcibly suppressed Xiaolu's power to the initial stage of the Eight-Star Doudi. With such strength, Yaoxin has enough confidence to succeed!

"Susu!" The medicine core closed his eyes instantly, and then a huge soul force suddenly emerged!

The invisible soul power just emerged, and it was going towards Xiaolu!

"Bang bang bang!" As soon as the soul power entered Xiaolu's body, a huge murderous aura instantly filled out, and sweat continued to appear on the eyebrows of the medicine core. Obviously, even if this Xiaolu's strength was suppressed, dignified Xiaolu, who turned the strength of the Nine Star Dou Emperor, was not so easy to detect.

At the same time, in the desert, one of the four, an old man with a snake-headed cane in his hand, was suddenly shocked, and a chill filled his heart.

"It seems to be true..." Shefu sighed slightly.

"Master, what's wrong?" Seeing this, Blue and White Snake was extremely puzzled as to why his master did this.

"Nu Dong, this time is your good deed, right?"

"Fornicating with human beings, this is enough to judge you as a mortal situation." Shefu said to the burly man beside him with a snake-headed cane.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Humph!"

"Shefu, blue and white snake, since you have seen it, I will not hide it."

"That's right, it's this king!"

"I think how much effort this king has paid for our Medusa family, but how do the leaders of other tribes and people in your decision-making circle treat me?"

"Presumably, Senior Shefu knows this."

"The desert is not suitable for us snake people to live. King Xuanling promised me that as long as he takes away the nine-colored swallowing python that entered the temple, he will give us a suitable place to live."

"Then the time will be when our Medusa clan will prosper." Nu Dong said with a grim smile, that smile was extremely hideous.

"asshole!"

"How can King Xuanling believe it?"

"Have you forgotten the grievances between our Medusa family and the Xuanling royal family!" Shefu was furious.

"And my strength and status are enough to rank in the top three among the Medusa clan. If I succeed this time, I will become the real king of the Medusa clan!"

"Hahaha!" Nu Dong smiled strangely.

"Humph!"

"Since you do this, then you can't blame me."

"When I capture you, put you into the Ten Thousand Snake Skull and suffer the pain of ten thousand snakes!" After Shefu finished speaking, the space around him trembled strangely, and then a strange black and white vindictiveness went away in anger. !

"If there is no surefire way, do you think I will be here?" After Nu Dong finished speaking, a black scroll flashed in his hand!

"Space scroll?"

"This Nu Dong is really willing. This space scroll is extremely expensive. I am afraid that the value of this scroll alone will not be lower than that of the second-rank emperor-rank medicinal pill." Shefu's attack failed, and Nu Dong was in black. The moment the scroll appeared, it suddenly disappeared.

At the time of Du's appearance, Nu Dong himself returned to his own tribe!

The tribe that Nu Dong controls is called the Avengers tribe, and its overall strength is enough to rank the top three among the nine major tribes!

"Leader!"

"The team is assembled, three eight-star fighting emperors and five seven-star fighting emperors!" Just after Nu Dong returned to the tribe, a snake man with a long sword on his back said respectfully let's go, This time, let me open a new chapter of the Medusa family. "

"King Xuanling, do you think you are very smart?"

"Shefu's half-immortal strength, I am afraid that with the strength of your eleven people, you are all overwhelmed, not to mention the leaders of other tribes!"

"I want the nine-colored swallowing python, that thing in your King Xuanling..."

"I want too!" After Nu Dong finished speaking, he laughed strangely.

"Susu, don't get too happy too soon. After all, the strength of the Xuanling King and the entire dragon-loving army should not be underestimated. Be careful when the boat capsizes in the gutter." A sinister cold hum appeared.

With the appearance of this cold snort, the face of Ang Dong calmed down in an instant, and then slowly said to the figure surrounded by strange black energy: "What your lord said is very true."

"The poor Xuanling royal family wants to use my ghost world's hand to get rid of the roadblockers for them. It's too whimsical."

"And there seems to be some heresy among Solomon, so I was sent here."

"As for my purpose, it's just the soul of the powerful Xuanling royal family, the rest belongs to you..."

"I have collected so many things from my ghost world. This time, please return them all." The pitch-black figure said slowly, but the black aura around him was very eerie, giving people an unfathomable feeling!

"Then wish us a happy cooperation, Lord Thousand-faced Ghost." After Nu Dong finished speaking, there was also a ghostly energy on his body, but there was no fear of the man in black!

Ask for tickets!