Chapter 283: The life and death of the green flute!

At this time, Green Flute also realized that this Xuanling King, who only existed in legends in the past, is undoubtedly stronger than the rumors!

Immediately after King Xuanling finished speaking, a wave of death instantly filled the heart of Green Flute. Immediately, many small snakes of different colors on Green Flute's body were also solemnly swallowing snake letters, and then looked at the sky like an enemy. There are some angry Xuanling Kings among them.

Although Green Flute was adopted by humans, he has also been to the Snake People and knows some things about the Snake People.

The relationship between the Snake People and the Xuanling Royal Family is like fire and water, and the fight between the two sides is unstoppable.

It's no wonder that King Xuanling's simple green flute, the snake-human race, would be so emotional. After all, whoever saw the enemy who killed countless soldiers and horses under him would not be grateful.

"Shabu Shabu!" King Xuanling finished his words, and a line of arrogant fighting spirit was also slashed at the green flute!

This seemingly ordinary blow actually contains terrifying power. If this wave hits the green flute, then the green flute's fate will undoubtedly be very miserable!

May fall on the spot!

After all, this is the attack of a nine-star Dou Di-level powerhouse. Even if it is a mere blow, its strength is unmatched.

"Bang bang bang!" Just when everyone thought that the green flute might fall on the spot, Chang Yu also came to its side in an instant, and his breath soared to the extreme, and then a fiery red Dou Qi also covered the green flute, and then The seemingly terrifying terror of King Xuanling also disappeared.

It seems that Chang Yu took the blow from the Xuanling King, but in fact only Chang Yu knows how terrifying power is contained in this seemingly random strike by the Xuanling King, and the anti-shock force shook Chang Yu's body. Also slightly numb!

The casual blow he just defended against the Xuanling King turned out to be using nearly half of Chang Yu's vindictive energy!

"Humph!"

"Chang Yu, what are you doing?"

"This is a grudge between me and the Snake People, do you want to intervene?" King Xuanling also snorted coldly, and there was some displeasure in his voice.

"Hehe, no matter how this woman was in the past, now she has participated in the point looting competition and has the qualifications to join the sect, so since this woman decided to join our Fenxiang Pavilion, I naturally want to protect her, so as not to spread the word. Others joke!" Chang Yu also snorted coldly.

"Could it be that you don't know the grievances between my Xuanling Royal Family and the Snake People?" Xuanling King also shouted angrily. Obviously, this Chang Yu insisted on protecting the green flute, even he was powerless, after all, it was related to two forces!

"What if you know?"

"You can check the details of this green flute!"

"Although it's true that she is a snake-human race, she has lived with humans since she was a child, and she has never harmed humans. Could it be that this should be confused with the snake-human race?"

"If that's the case, what's the difference between our Xuantian super sect and the demons and ghosts?" Chang Yu also knew that he was definitely not the opponent of the Xuanling King if he fought, and he could only use it to convince people to rule the Xuanling King!

"Hahaha, don't you think that you are a mere seven-star Doudi peak who can yell at me." King Xuanling also waved his arm, and then said casually, obviously he didn't take it seriously.

"Then you can try." Chang Yu said coldly, and there was some decisiveness in his voice. Obviously, if the Xuanling King was aggressive, Chang Yu could only use the last resort. These newcomers who joined their own incense pavilion chilled their hearts.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

At this time, King Xuanling was also frowning. From Changyu's decisive voice, King Xuanling was not difficult to hear that Changyu was determined to protect the green flute today, even if he insisted on doing it, the result would be the same. It is the same, and when the time comes, the two forces may face off, which is not what Xuanling King wants to see.

Although the relationship between the Xuanling Royal Family and the Fenxiang Pavilion has not been very good, if they want to devour the incense pavilion, it will hurt their bones. Besides, in addition to the Fenxiang Pavilion, there are eight super sects that are eyeing them, so the Xuanling King After a little contemplation, he was also ready to close his hands.

"You two, calm down. Today is about the selection of sects by new disciples. If you have any personal grievances, you should put them aside first." Seeing this, the powerhouse of Wanjianmen also found out that something was wrong, and immediately stood up and said.

With the appearance of the Wanjianmen powerhouses, Xuanling King and Chang Yu also snorted coldly, and then went straight back to where they were. Obviously, Wanjianmen, the leader of the nine super sects, spoke and gave them to the stairs. , they are also happy.

"Actually did it against me..."

"Damn Changyu, I want you to look good in the future." King Xuanling also said secretly.

The strong Solomon beside him also slowly said something to King Xuanling's ear, and King Xuanling's expression changed a little.

"Thank you, senior." Green Flute also thanked Chang Yu very gratefully, and then bowed slightly to Chang Yu.

"It's okay, it's just as it should be."

"Let's go." After speaking, Chang Yu just wanted to take the green flute away, but found that the green flute was looking at a person above the ground.

That man, with a heavy ruler on his back, exuded a rather good aura all over his body.

"How come you have the same aura as me..." Green Flute also said slightly.

"Xin Mi still doesn't know about it, but what you need to know is that I'm definitely not the kind of person you think." Xiao Yan also said lightly.

Since this green flute possesses the power of Medusa's bloodline, the fluctuations in his body just now have a reasonable explanation.

Moreover, Xiao Yan vaguely felt that Cailin seemed to be in Xuansansan, because Xiao Yan found out that the Soul Jade, who had not been moving, actually moved after approaching Xuansansan!

This green flute has the blood of Medusa, maybe he knows something!

"It seems that I have to find a time to ask her carefully..."

"But since it's all about Burning Incense Pavilion it will be much more convenient in the future." Xiao Yan smiled at the green flute after he finished speaking.

Seeing this, Lu Di also nodded knowingly. In fact, Lu Di already had the answer in his heart before, so he asked Xiao Yan just to make sure.

If Xiao Yan really killed their Medusa royal family and swallowed the power of their bloodline, the bloodline fluctuations would definitely not be so calm.

Then he also smiled at Xiao Yan: "I'll be waiting for you at Burning Incense Pavilion."

After speaking, he also flashed, and then went behind Chang Yu. When Chang Yu heard the words, he also smiled at the green flute. If this Xiao Yan really joined the Fenxiang Pavilion, then they will definitely have confidence in the next sect competition. Brilliant results in it!

"Damn snake people..." King Xuanling raised his eyebrows when Green Flute said those words to Xiao Yan.

This Xiao Yan is the champion of this point grabbing competition!

Although King Xuanling didn't believe that Xiao Yan had the strength to kill the twin ghost emperors in an injured state, he had to pay attention to it.

"Looks like it's time to spend some blood..."

"This time, you won't want to be safe at Burning Incense Pavilion." Solomon's strong man also said.

"Xiao Yan, which sect do you want to join?" A joking voice also sounded, apparently from King Xuanling.

Ask for tickets!

The next episode is about Sister Cailin and Shengyan!

Ask for tickets!