Chapter Vol 4 1740: The battle of reincarnation!

"Eater... Master of Soul Eater?" Looking at the man who suddenly appeared, Master Li Soul couldn't help beating violently and lost his voice.

The man was wearing a black shirt. Under the black shirt was a rather robust body. His long black hair was flowing down. During this period, he actually contained a divine power that seemed to devour all things. Inside his ordinary body, it was as if there was another person. Fantiandi.

"Lord of Li Soul... an old opponent." A black energy emerged from the man in black shirt, poured into Hao Ni'er's body, repaired the injured meridian, and immediately looked at Xiao Yan and spoke softly.

But the many powerhouses behind them understand that under this plain voice, what kind of monstrous killing intent and supreme power is contained!

The Lord of Soul Eater is also a powerhouse who has broken through the cycle of reincarnation!

Two reincarnation!

The relationship between Hao Ni'er and the Lord of Soul Eater is as close as a father and daughter. Now Hao Ni'er is so tragic that he almost crushed the Soul Eater Talisman to resist the Lord of Soul!

Crushing the Soul Eater Talisman can give Hao Ni'er the power to temporarily fight against the Master of Li Soul, but Hao Ni'er will be completely swallowed by the Soul Eater Talisman, even if the Master of Soul Eater has nothing to do.

For a time, looking at their beloved disciples, Hao Ni'er and Xiao Yan's weakness, the killing intent in the heart of the Soul Eater was unstoppable, and the endless black aura spread out like a tide. This black qi is completely different from that of the Lord of Li Soul. The black qi of the Lord of Li Soul is as evil as blood, but the black qi of the Lord of Soul Eater contains an imperceptible devouring power.

"Teacher...Senior Sister, she..." Xiao Yan was in control of his body, Xiao Sensheng was also quietly lurking in Xiao Yan's body to preserve his strength, the Lord of Soul Eater appeared, and he no longer needed to take action here.

"Although she has a special physique, it's not a big problem now. Next, leave it to me." The Soul Eater's Talisman was shaking, screaming, cheering, and welcoming the return of the Soul Eater. The Lord of Soul Eater is the black pupil watching the Lord of Li Soul, like an angry dragon, attracting attention.

"Teacher be careful, he has successfully advanced to Samsara, and he has also swallowed Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation." Although Xiao Yan knew that the power of the Soul Eater was not what it used to be, he still did not forget to remind him.

"Hehe, reincarnation?"

"Injuring my beloved disciple and destroying my subordinates, even if your body is reincarnated, I will beat you to complete destruction!"

"Even if you are immortal and immortal, I will definitely blow your soul away!" For a time, the Soul Eater Lord flashed the Soul Eater Talisman all over his body, and then his figure escaped from Xiao Yan's crowd, stepped into the air, and stared at Li Hun Lord, the tone is extremely arrogant.

"You... actually broke through reincarnation?" Seeing the insipid fluctuations on the Soul Eater Lord in front of him, the Li Soul Lord suddenly lost his voice.

That is the fluctuation of reincarnation, and even the Lord of Li Soul feels that the power of reincarnation in the Lord of Soul Eater is more tyrannical than himself.

After a while, Lord Li's body shook violently, and a strange look filled his face.

"Yeah... Reincarnation is really a wonderful realm." Seeing the Lord of Li Soul trembling so much, the Lord of Soul Eater slowly hugged his arms and opened his mouth, looking like the most ordinary ordinary people.

"Humph!"

"Even if you break through the cycle of reincarnation, today is the place where you fell!" Looking at the attitude of the Soul Eater Lord in front of him, the Soul Eater said coldly. Only when they reach their realm can they rely on some weak Traces, aware of what destructive power is hidden under the thin body.

"It's a good strategy, but unfortunately you still miscalculated."

"Today, I will use your fall to pay homage to the loss you caused to our Soul Eater Domain...although this is less than one ten thousandth!" The Soul Eater Lord said softly.

"Then see if you have the ability!"

"If you fail, the people behind you, including Soul Eater, will be dead!"

"Susu!" The Lord of Li Soul laughed loudly in the sky, his dazzling killing intent was undoubtedly on display.

"No...you don't have a chance." Listening to the sarcasm of the Lord of Souls, the Lord of Soul Eater still had a smile on his face, as if this world was in his hands.

"Wanhun Bridge Lock!" A cold snort penetrated the sky and resounded throughout the shattered sky.

As soon as the voice fell, countless black and red gases burst out from his body, and instantly turned into a blood cloud in this sky. Between the blood clouds, a scarlet chain exudes an endless sinister and evil aura. , that kind of power makes the body tremble, and even the soul suddenly shrinks.

"You step back." Seeing this, the Master of Soul Eater waved his palm, and a black shackle burst out from the Soul Eater Talisman in front of him, protecting everyone.

"Tsk tsk... This power doesn't seem to be comparable to the one who is just entering Samsara, the Soul Eater." While Xiao Yan's group had just been protected and quickly retreated to the rear, Xiao Sensheng in Xiao Yan's body muttered.

The blood cloud rolled, and every time it rolled, there would be a strong **** smell, and even a heart-piercing roar and roar continued to permeate from the blood cloud. The normal means to enter, but the special means, so there is an essential gap with the powerhouse who really entered the reincarnation.

At the same time, on the blood-colored chains, countless strange patterns appeared quietly, showing endless evil!

"Today is the day you and I enter the reincarnation, let me sacrifice my life to my reincarnation!"

"Master of Soul Eater, will die for this seat!" As soon as the voice fell, Master Li Soul's blood-red pupils were eerie and eerie. , projecting the evil chain in the blood cloud under his feet towards the Lord of Soul Eater, the blood-colored chain is suffocating to the sky, as if a demonic barrier has descended, shocking, that aura is enough to make the world pale!

"Follow me to the end!" Seeing such a terrifying means, the Soul Eater Lord's smile instantly solidified, and the Soul Eater Talisman all over his body stopped rotating, then slowly shook, and finally turned into a stream of light that poured into his body, and suddenly, On the forehead of the Lord of Soul Eater, the Soul Eater Talisman appeared, as if it was deeply branded on it!

"Soul Eater Talisman, Ten Thousand Patterns!" The Lord of Soul Eater had already entered the cycle of reincarnation. At this time, the power of the Soul Eater Talisman was added. For a time, his strength was infinitely amplified.

The voice fell, the Lord of Soul Eater stepped out one step, and the entire void suddenly became completely quiet. The blood cloud that Lord of Soul Li stood on instead shook violently, as if it would be completely broken at any time, and the whole body of the Lord of Soul Eater was full of ancient lines. The incantation, like a god, manifests supreme divine power!

"Is this... the battle between the reincarnation powerhouses?" Looking at the sky, only the Master of Li Soul and the Master of Soul Eater, the hearts of many powerhouses in the back were all tense, and what the two showed The wave of power that came out made them all crawl quietly, and a strong depression filled their hearts.

"Teacher... I want to win." Hao Ni'er, who sat cross-legged and rested, spoke slowly and stubbornly.

At this moment, in the desert hinterland, the void was completely destroyed, collapsed, and the void kept shaking, and finally turned into pieces and fell to the desert ground. Obviously, the space in the desert hinterland could not support the reincarnation of the two The power of the strong.

For a time, the situation changed.