Chapter 564: Break through the Emperor Realm Small Perfection!

"That's good." The fire-red Saint Yanjing also smiled comfortably when she heard the words.

It's just that I don't know why, the fire-red Saint Flame Crystal can always feel a rather strong sense of oppression on Mu Yingying's body, like a 10,000-pound boulder, extremely heavy!

"The evil power in me has dissipated a lot. I'm afraid that if you use your holy flame power to dispel it again, it will hurt your origin, so let's go to the top of the mountain."

"Where is the holy flame, as long as you take me there, I will be able to dissipate all my evil power!" said the fiery red holy flame crystal.

"Okay!" Mu Yingying nodded immediately when she heard the words, and then waved her hand, the fiery red holy flame crystal returned to Mu Yingying's hand, as for the azure blue holy flame crystal in Mu Yingying's own hand, then He was fused into his body by Mu Yingying.

With the complete disappearance of the Gorefiend figure in the forest, the beasts that were slowly eroded in the forest also slowly woke up!

In the final analysis, the Gorefiend figure died inexplicably, because he underestimated the power of the holy flame, which led to this.

In the manor and manor, Xiao Yan's secret room.

"It's been a month since this secret room, I don't know how long it has passed outside." Xiao Yan slowly opened his eyes, and then said.

During this month, Xiao Yan did not dare to delay for a moment. First, he used his huge soul power to remove all impurities from this transparent soul liquid, and then he slowly felt relieved.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, what surprised Xiao Yan was that there were very few impurities in this soul liquid, as if it had been removed by someone!

However, due to Xiao Yan's vigilant personality, he still checked it out. After all, soul power is the weakest part of a person. Once there is any mistake, it will be terrifying...

What worries Xiao Yan the most is whether this soul liquid has been contaminated by other forces, but fortunately, Xiao Yan's worries are all unnecessary.

"It seems that the owner of this mansion has a premonition of today, so he deliberately left this soul liquid..." Xiao Yan couldn't help staring at the transparent soul liquid in front of him, and slowly opened his mouth.

"Forget it, let's break through first." The next moment, Xiao Yan shook his head slightly, simply not wasting time on this soul liquid.

"Come here!" Xiao Yan sat cross-legged directly, and then his eyes were fixed on the soul liquid, for fear that something would change!

Following Xiao Yan's cold snort, this soul liquid came towards the place where Xiao Yan was as if it had been called!

"Hehe." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing. Obviously, the power of this soul liquid was enough to support his soul power to break through the emperor realm!

"A pharmacist of the second rank of emperor..." Xiao Yan stared at the transparent soul liquid in front of him, his eyes became extremely hot!

Once he has broken through to the soul power of the emperor realm, it is only a matter of time before he can break through the emperor's second-grade alchemist. This day has troubled Xiao Yan for too long.

"It's not too late, let's start." With a plan in his mind, Xiao Yan forcibly suppressed the extremely hot feeling in his body, and then said to himself.

"Huhuhu!" The next moment, that soul liquid suddenly came to Xiao Yan!

The whole soul liquid was suspended in front of Xiao Yan, and waves of huge soul power continued to faintly radiate from it, making Xiao Yan feel a terrifying wave!

"Absorb it for me!" Xiao Yan suddenly took a deep breath, and then the Dou Qi and soul power in his body instantly surged!

In just a few short breaths, the colorless and transparent soul liquid was suddenly wrapped slowly!

"What a pure power!" Xiao Yan couldn't help saying.

Even if he only wrapped his soul liquid with his own soul power, a terrifying power that shook Xiao Yan's soul realm radiated from the soul liquid!

This fluctuation can only show the tyranny of this soul liquid, which has far surpassed the soul power in Xiao Yan's soul realm!

"Suck!" A cold snort came out from Xiao Yan's mouth!

Following the sound of this voice, Xiao Yan's body suddenly emitted as many as twenty-three colors, and then the soul liquid slowly poured into Xiao Yan's body frantically from all directions under the control of Xiao Yan's soul power!

"Shabu Shabu!" The influx of soul liquid caused Xiao Yan's body to emit extremely terrifying fluctuations. With this fluctuation alone, I am afraid that the powerhouses in the late stage of Five-Star Dou Di would be instantly wiped out!

The next moment, Xiao Yan's whole body was transparent, completely filled with soul liquid!

"As expected of soul liquid!" Xiao Yan was surprised, and then he stopped talking, but stared at every meridian in his body!

This soul liquid is like blood, since it entered Xiao Yan's body, it flows from Xiao Yan's limbs and bones, and then slowly pours into Xiao Yan's huge soul realm!

Therefore, Xiao Yan did not dare to relax at all. After all, this is not a joke. The meridians in the body and the soul realm are quite weak. If one is not careful, it will be seriously injured at light level, and it will be directly lost. This is not what Xiao Yan wants to see. !

"After the emperor's ordinary level, it is the emperor's realm. The emperor's realm is divided into beginners, small perfections, and great perfections. I don't know if this soul liquid can make my soul power to a higher level..." Xiao Yan Muttered.

Obviously Xiao Yan knows that his current soul power has reached the peak of the emperor realm and the breakthrough is only a matter of time. Now with the help of the soul liquid, he does not know if he can break through the emperor realm small perfection!

A small perfection at the emperor level, this is a sign of a strong party!

In any sect, even one can be treated as a guest!

As time passed by, Xiao Yan was also continuously absorbing the soul liquid in the secret room. Once the colorless and transparent soul liquid in front of Xiao Yan was completely absorbed, it would be Xiao Yan's breakthrough day!

"It's been ten days... Although this secret room can delay the time to a great extent, it's probably been a few months inside."

"Why isn't Xiao Yan feeling better?"

"This soul liquid is not so easy to absorb. Could it be an accident?"

"No, I want to go in and have a look!" In the room outside the secret room, Shanyao's urgent voice came.

"Shan Yao, calm down and break through the power of the soul, it's not just a matter of time. If Xiao Yan doesn't have a certain amount of determination, I'm afraid he will fail..." Shan Ling said slightly, and Shan Ling also had disbelief in Xiao Yan.

"Soul power has been the foundation of alchemists since ancient times. This Xiao Yan's soul power is one of the few strong people I have ever seen, so I think this kid will succeed." Snake Punishment on the side said slightly.

Although I don't know why, Snake Xing believed that this Xiao Yan could easily wipe out the evil clan from outside the realm. I'm afraid that there would be no major problem in absorbing this soul liquid.

"Bang bang bang!" Just when the three of them hesitated, the secret door of the secret room was broken open!

Rather than being opened, it is better to say that it was blasted away by a terrifying explosive force!

"Cough cough cough..."

"I'm sorry, I just broke through my soul power and didn't control the strength..." An embarrassed and rude laughter came.

The three of them saw that the visitor was a man with a heavy weight on his back, but the aura on his body and the secret room he had just entered had undergone earth-shaking changes!

Ask for tickets!