Chapter Vol 4 2232: No. 2 on the Artifact List, Zhu Shenqi!

"Behind me are the elves, and now in the elves' lair, there is an evil mind whose strength is comparable to the quadruple reincarnation, and you should have fought against him before."

"Today, although it is seriously injured, the coffin of the elf patriarch exists, and its strength is still not to be underestimated."

"As for my assessment, the two of you join forces to kill this evil thought and take out the token of the elf patriarch."

"In exchange, I'll let Xiao Yi get my inheritance. As for you, I'll give you one of the repair methods for Zhushenchi."

Yaoji's illusory figure stared at Xiao Yan and said slowly.

"Zhu... Zhu Shenchi?"

"The second-highest divine weapon in the human world's artifact list?"

"It is said that controlling this ruler is enough to break the cycle of reincarnation and kill the God of War?"

When Xiao Yan heard this, there was quite a feeling of turning the river into the sea in his body.

This ancient ruler, which was condensed from the different fires in the Dou Qi Continent, actually has such a history?

"Hey, little guy, don't be too busy to be happy."

"The God-Execution Ruler is extremely powerful. Even in a complete state, you can't wave the slightest bit now."

"The original holy king, but with the power of the god-killing ruler in his complete state, he killed a foreign evil race evil **** with one foot."

"I will give you the repair method for the God-Execution Ruler, but there are two parts to the restoration of the God-Execution Ruler. After the two parts are successfully repaired, special tempering is required to regain the brilliance of the next day."

"Because you can also feel it, the Eternal Ruler is not only severely broken, but also has a very ethereal feeling!"

"The origin of the Zhushen Ruler is unknown. Its predecessor is what you have in your hand. The ancient ruler formed by the strange fire is only its initial form. After you finish repairing it once, it can also volatilize the terrible power that shakes the cycle of reincarnation. After the second repair and tempering, the God Ruler will be executed, and then it will return to the Great Thousand World, and it will glow with its glory!"

Yao Ji poured a basin of cold water down, extinguishing the heat in Xiao Yan's heart, but explained the origin of this divine artifact clearly.

"This is the God-killing ruler. After the special transformation of the Holy King, its ruler body has a total of seven holy holes, and each holy hole corresponds to a holy pattern transformed by a holy flame."

"The blessing of the six holy flames on the two of you is enough to make it evaporate a lot of power."

"Later on, I will let the two of you temporarily possess the strength of reincarnation, and directly introduce you to the elf coffin where evil thoughts live."

"Remember, to deal with the power of evil, only by sticking to your heart and conquering the enemy with the holy fire of holy flame, will you have a chance of life."

"You...do you have confidence?"

Yao Ji raised her head, her beautiful eyes suddenly filled with a vast ancient wave.

"Definitely the mission!"

"Let's go."

Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi looked at each other, and a strong killing intent emerged in their eyes.

"I hope you all have good luck... But I only have one holy flame. After you return triumphantly, what will be the distribution of this thing?"

"I did this for your own good."

……

"Boom!"

The huge purple energy actually ignored the confinement of the void and transported the two to the golden elf coffin inhabited by the elf clan chief.

At this time, in the elf coffin, it was pitch black everywhere, and the evil power slanted out like a tide, making people horrified!

One after another, the evil monsters raged in this dark void with expressionless faces. They were messed up and smelled badly, like a dark corpse nest piled up with corpses.

"Whoa!"

The ancient ruler with a faint golden luster stood in front of Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi, and the dark and evil monsters were instantly dispersed.

"Second brother."

The reincarnation mark on Xiao Yi's eyebrows was extremely bright, and her eyes were extremely solemn as she looked at the golden coffin hanging in the dark void in the distance.

Above the golden coffin, a dark and wriggling liquid is continuously absorbing nutrients and recovering its own strength little by little.

"Sure enough, he's not dead yet."

Xiao Yan held the Jigu ruler with one hand, exerting all his strength to stimulate the terrifying aura on it, staring at the golden coffin directly above and speaking lightly.

At the same time, on Xiao Yan's other hand, a five-color fire lotus slowly moved up.

"Boom!"

The dark power above the coffin ignored Xiao Yan, and saw Xiao Yan waved his hands, the five-color fire lotus spun, and countless gorgeous and hot lotus leaves scattered, and then burst into the dark aura above the golden coffin.

"Wong buzzing!"

A burst of white mist emerged from the black aura, and the voices of grief and anger resounded through the heavens and the earth like the howling of a beast!

"Hoohoo!"

"you!"

"How did you get in here?"

Just as Xiao Yan and the others looked down, an evil roar resounded through the entire dark void, and the dark aura above the golden coffin finally appeared.

"Magic shadow evil spirit, we meet again."

This time, it was still blessed by the power of reincarnation. As soon as he made a move, six ancient holy flame runes flashed in front of Xiao Yan. Under the blessing of the ancient ruler and the six holy runes, a terrifying power that had never been seen before, burning Burning cleanses this filthy world.

"Susu... This time, this seat will definitely leave you here completely!"

"Great formation of evil thoughts!"

The Demon Shadow Evil Spirit couldn't help but waved his hand, and the majestic and viscous black energy was like a vast ocean, instantly surrounding Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi's bodies.

"You don't have much power now, why bother..."

Xiao Yan's eyes were filled with a terrifying suffocating aura, his palm was raised, and endless power was slanted out, causing the whole world to be restless!

"This?"

Seeing Xiao Yan's terrifying power, the demonic shadow demon couldn't help but have an illusion.

It seems that this level of power cannot be controlled by Xiao Yan at all. What kind of power is this?

"Since you're here, then let's turn it into the nourishment of this seat!"

Looking at Xiao Yan's fierce aura, there was a sneer on the dark face of the demon shadow and evil spirit, and endless evil light emanated from his eyes, and the evil power swept out overwhelmingly, polluting the sky like a Sen Luo is like hell.

"Reincarnation print!"

The purple halo around Xiao Yi's body was flourishing. Once it was cast, the evil spirit in the entire space evaded the two of them!

"Eternal ruler, six holy patterns!"

The majestic and sacred thunderous thunder resounded throughout the entire space, and suddenly a giant golden ruler with a length of several thousand meters slowly appeared behind Xiao Yan.

Above the giant golden ruler, there is a golden dragon shadow at the handle of the ruler, showing endless domineering. The golden light on the ruler is prosperous, and it has a terrible power to suppress everything.

The most important thing is that among the seven tiny holes on the ruler body, it has been filled by six flame holy patterns with different lustrous powers.

The ancient and vast power is like a round of golden scorching sun, just a sliver of the scorching sun afterglow burst out, crushing the terrifying monsters that permeated this world.

The holy will was awe-inspiring, and the golden scorching sun energy pressure tilted down, causing this void to be completely shattered. The demonic evil spirit in the space and the coffin under his feet trembled violently, as if it would be completely shattered at any time!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: