Chapter Vol 4 1591: Settle in!

"Here... there are traces of fierce battles, what the **** is going on?" After a few quarters of an hour, Huo Yi took the two remaining four-star fighting immortals in the sect, the elder Huoyun and the elder Huo to leave the clifftop mansion. Arriving at the Flame Furnace Cliff, I immediately looked at the countless dilapidated cliffs here and the remaining flames and waves, wondering.

"This breath seems a little familiar..." After a while, the eyes of the elder Huoyun narrowed slightly, staring at these fiery red flames, but he was a little puzzled, and the flames were filled with an extremely arrogant The fluctuations of this wave are familiar, but they are more arrogant than the fire attribute powerhouses that I have known before.

"Pfft, puff!" The sound of rubble emerging suddenly came from afar, and the three people's attention was immediately attracted to it.

"Crash!" In the distance, a figure bathed in fiery red flames was like a **** of war, easily pinching and killing the three men at will.

"This is...then the two middle stage four-star Dou Xian experts who came to help Tingfeng Pavilion?"

"Who the **** can kill the two of them so casually?" Huo Lao said with a shocked face.

"Is this... Lord Xiao Yan's breath?" Even if they were far apart, Huoyun Great Elder could smell a familiar smell from his body.

"Damn bastard!" In an instant, the roar of the sky erupted, and the pavilion master of Feng Pavilion never imagined that this Xiao Yan had safely exited the Acacia tree, and even his strength had skyrocketed to the level of the early stage of Four-Star Fighting Immortals. Moreover, its combat power is even more abnormal, even directly teasing the two middle four-star fighting immortal powerhouses around him like dead dogs.

"I have one last question."

"Who instructed you?" Xiao Yan roared as scorching fire waves slowly emerged around his body.

The two powerhouses who came to help Tingfeng Pavilion are vassals of a big man in the courtyard. The burly figure is named Du Ke, and the lean man is Zhang Gu, but the two of them today are dying. , Obviously, Xiao Yan's fox and tiger power just now was shattered by Xiao Yan.

"Xiao Yan, don't be mad, wait until the adult takes action, I'm afraid you don't even know how to die." Du Ke and Zhang Gu reluctantly got up from the rubble, and said dismal.

They could never have imagined that Xiao Yan had actually defeated the three of them in the middle stage of the four-star Dou Xian with the strength of the early stage of the four-star Dou Xian.

"Since that's the case... then die." The indifferent voice was like a judgment from a god, announcing the death of the two.

"Lord Xiao Yan!"

"These people can't be killed..." In an instant, Huo Yi's figure came to Xiao Yan's side like a frightened bird, and said.

"Sect Master Huo." Xiao Yan said calmly, but there was a monstrous killing intent in that voice.

"My lord, our Myriad Fire Sect is sorry for you, but these two cannot be killed, not because we are afraid of the forces behind them... If we give them to the sect for interrogation, it will be enough to interrogate some useful values, which will help our revenge at that time. ."

"All Ten Thousand Fire Sect, willing to swear to follow the adults!" The desolate voice crossed the sky, and it seemed extremely weak on this land.

"They... I'll leave it to you." Xiao Yan said calmly, and with a casual glance, a tyrannical ring of fire emerged, directly binding the two seriously injured people, just because listening to the wind pavilion master's cultivation style attribute, so it did not suffer too serious damage.

"Crash!" Looking at this scene, he heard the dazzling wind-attribute Dou Qi emerging from the pavilion master of Fengge Pavilion, and he ran away. He understood that now that the general situation has passed, I am afraid that he can only retreat temporarily, and then go to Qingyun Pavilion and seek help.

"My lord, the pavilion master of Tingfeng Pavilion is the mastermind of this attack. Even the third elder and many strong sects have fallen into his hands, and he cannot be let go." Elder Huoyun looked at this scene. Lost voice.

"Pfft." With a sound, Xiao Yan suddenly disappeared in place like a ghost, the void trembled, and when Du appeared, he appeared directly on the line where the Tingfeng Pavilion master escaped.

"Xiao Yan, if you kill me, this Central Territory will be your burial place." The pavilion master of Listening Wind Pavilion couldn't help roaring, the fire attribute power on Xiao Yan's body is really too tyrannical.

"Yang Xi, I have already killed you."

"Kacha!" With a sound, Yihuo Henggu ruler with the power of dazzling flames and the power of mysterious lovesickness, easily slid across the chest of the pavilion master of the Tingfeng Pavilion, and suddenly the wind-attribute vindictive defense seemed to be discouraged. Like a balloon, it is easily broken, and the body of the Pavilion Master of the Tingfeng Pavilion has completely turned into a blood mist and dissipated between the heavens and the earth.

"Listening to the strength of the four-star Dou Xian mid-stage master of the Wind Pavilion, this... is it completely lost?" Du Ke and Zhang Gu, who were restrained, couldn't help shrinking their pupils and lost their voices when they noticed the strange scene in the sky.

Fighting immortals will not easily fall even if they face a fatal threat. Once the soul force escapes, there will be a chance to be resurrected. A level of attack, I am afraid some shocking.

"Sect Master Huo... let's go."

"When I settle the sect affairs, I will meet at Qingyun Pavilion."

"This time, it will definitely make them uneasy."

"This time, Qingyun Pavilion must die!"

"Who stopped... who died!" In the calm voice, there was a touch of anger from the gods like a volcano eruption, which persisted for a long time.

"Take them, Lord Xiao Yan... Let's go back to the sect!" Looking at the blood-boiled scene in front of him, both Great Elder Huoyun and Elder Huo were in tears. It was obvious that Xiao Yan's current fighting power was probably comparable to that of the real one. evildoer.

Inside the clifftop mansion of Wanhuozong.

"Wan Huo Sect... How is the situation now?" Xiao Yan had just returned to the sect, and he couldn't help asking when he saw the sect disciples who were quite rare and scarred along the way.

With his keen sense of smell, Xiao Yan was able to detect that the power of the sect of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect was much weaker than before, and the reason was because other forces took advantage of the weakness of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect and tried to annex them.

"My lord, in the Myriad Fire Sect, the combat power is less than one-tenth of the peak..." Huo Yi took a step forward, with a helpless expression, it is obvious that at the current state, his suzerain has an inescapable Responsibility.

"I will distribute some healing pills in the sect. The injured should try their best to recover. Then I will set up a circle of thunder and fire outside the sect to defend against the enemy." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly.

"But your lord..." Huo Yi seemed to understand something and wondered.

"I said, this time, they must die!!" Xiao Yan's voice fell slowly, and the seat in front of him suddenly turned into powder.

"Sir, we are willing to follow to the death." Huo Yi heard the words, and a burst of determination appeared in his pupils immediately. Obviously, after Xiao Yan subdued the powerhouse of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect, they had already decided to follow him to the death.

"You stay here, Qingyun Pavilion will completely fall, and there must be a sect to take over their positions." The voice fell, and suddenly, the dazzling thunder and flame power emerged from Xiao Yan, and immediately surrounded the entire Wanhuozong mansion. , This tyrannical barrier fluctuation, even some late stage four-star Dou Xian powerhouses, can't break through. In an instant, Xiao Yan's figure also slowly left from Wan Huo Sect, towards the Qingyun Pavilion station.

This time, I don't know if it was a conspiracy or a massacre.