Chapter Vol 4 1717: bless me!

"What a terrifying space." He had just broken through the perimeter of the northernmost shrine in the desert hinterland and entered the retreat of the Lord of Souls. Looking at the dark passages around the walls, Xiao Yan's heart was filled with horror.

The void here is filled with an extremely terrifying imprisoning force, which makes the flame power in Xiao Yan's body disperse a hint of fear.

"Lord Li Soul is very careful. He divides his breath into four parts and distributes them in four temples in the hinterland of the desert. If it weren't for you, I'm afraid we would waste a lot of time." He glanced at the dark walls around him and whispered.

The entrance to the northernmost temple is quite strange, it was Xiao Yan who finally used the power of holy flame to break open, but there is no difference here. The figures of the two walked away from the depths with extreme vigilance.

"Don't talk, be careful, the aura of the Lord of Soul and Holy Flame is even stronger." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a trace of gray flames covered his figure, and then he cautiously walked towards the depths of the temple.

"This time, if it doesn't work, let's be benevolent. It's not a waste of time for us to get to know each other." Seeing Xiao Yan's serious expression, You'er smiled quietly, and immediately followed, as if he was deciding to enter here, You'er just said Holding the heart of mortal death, and what Xiao Yan said was right, You Er did indeed have enough treasures to attract the Lord of Li Soul or to threaten him.

The two looked vigilant, and after walking cautiously for dozens of minutes, a shockingly huge void slowly appeared in sight.

"The place where the Lord of Souls retreats should be here." Xiao Yan said solemnly, looking at the strange void in front of him.

The space in front of him is endless, and above the void, there are countless red crystals paving the way, which is extremely shocking and dazzling. Most of the power of flame is isolated in the red crystals, so that the power of fire attribute The fighting power is greatly reduced here.

"This is... Swallowing Flame Crystals?" After a while, seeing so many Swallowing Flame Crystals, Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning and wondered, so many Swallowing Flame Crystals were not good for his battle.

The function of swallowing the flame crystal is to absorb the power of flame. To a certain extent, if fighting in this space, for Xiao Yan, the fighting power will be weakened a lot.

"The space here is sealed, you can only enter but not go out." You'er's beautiful eyes were looking at the center of it through countless red crystals, and the passage behind him was also completely closed at this moment, obviously there was no more. any way out.

There, at this time, a pink energy halo completely paved the way, and even a terrifying aura that surpassed the heavens and the earth spread out.

"Yingying, bless me." Xiao Yan put his palm on his chest with a dashing smile, and a trace of warmth continued to overflow, even shaking. Obviously, even Mu Yingying's holy flame heart was trying to stop Xiao Yan. Go, because that kind of power is not something that Xiao Yi can contend with.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan let go and smiled, obviously he had already made a decision in his heart.

Xiao Yan's tyrannical soul perception power made Xiao Yan clear that the pink halo at the core of this space was the power of Acacia Broken Enteritis, and the place wrapped inside it was a touch of the strongest that was comparable to the sky. By!

Without any thought at all, Xiao Yan knew that this was the place where the Lord of Li Soul retreated, and the most powerful person in the pink halo was only the Lord of Li Soul.

This space is incomparably huge, and the countless red flame-swallowing crystals seem to contain strands of pink liquid. Obviously, they have absorbed countless holy flame power, and in the center of the space, there is a lake that is not too huge. First release https://https://

The lake is about a few hundred meters in size, but the water is eerily black, and the black is extremely cold. It seems to contain some kind of suffocating strange power.

"He's in there... I can vaguely sense that you still have a lot of things to do. It's not worth it to die like this."

"Why don't you forget it?" The two of them stood in front of the lake and asked quietly.

"The Lord of the Soul is very strong, but I don't know where I got the confidence from. I think I will definitely be more tyrannical than him in the future."

"And this time, it's not just for me, but also for a girl who's been waiting."

"I hope that I have failed her too much. I hope that this time, I will make up for all my debts." Xiao Yan didn't know why You Er seemed to have changed after entering here. That playful girl with azure blue hair, a trace of grief poured into the tip of her nose.

I had just met with Mu Yingying before, Xiao Yan knew that at that time he was not in love with Mu Yingying, but it was definitely not perfunctory and a friend, but only after Mu Yingying sacrificed, did Xiao Yan realize it It is not only love, but also a responsibility and a responsibility.

Xiao Yan stood gently on top of Yan Yanjing, looking at the black lake water indifferently, then his palm suddenly lifted, and a flaming palm print roared away at it.

"Chi Chi!" A strange voice emerged from the lake, but Xiao Yan's flame attack was instantly extinguished like a moth to a flame.

You must know that the flame Xiao Yan uses now is an immortal fire, and the power of an immortal fire is so vulnerable under this black lake water, which makes Xiao Yan have to be dignified.

"This is the forbidden lake. The lake has the mysterious power to cut off all the breath of life."

"If you want to enter it, you can only use suspended animation or a pure soul body." You Er looked at Xiao Yan's appearance and said.

"In that case, let's do it!"

"I also really want to see how shocking the way the Lord of Souls devours is." As the voice fell, three-color holy flames filled Xiao Yan's body, completely covering Xiao Yan's life aura, like a dying man. Normal people.

"Let's go!" The two looked at each other and immediately sank into the Forbidden Lake.

"Bang bang bang!" Just after entering the forbidden lake a bone-piercing cold spread throughout the body, causing Xiao Yan to shiver. Even as the swimming distance increased, Xiao Yan's heart suddenly throbbed Contraction, as if receiving some fatal stimulus. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest computer: https://

"Resist me!" Aware of such a strange power in the Forbidden Lake, Xiao Yan burst out with the power of surging flames, resisting it.

The two of them gritted their teeth and walked towards the small island within the forbidden lake step by step.

"This...is this the retreat of the Lord of Souls?" After a few minutes, the two walked directly over the barrier of the forbidden lake and entered the small island surrounded by a pink halo.

Just after entering here, Xiao Yan and the two stood on the edge, and the construction of the island here is like a huge pentagram. At the center of the island, a beautiful sedan chair wrapped in countless patterns came into sight.

In addition, on some rocks on the island, a handsome man like a human being was shackled by a touch of pink energy, and he was firmly fixed in place.

"This is... the ghost kingdom saves all ghosts?" Suddenly, You Er looked at the young man who was bound to death and lost his voice.

It was a man wrapped in surging black mist. His dark and arrogant pupils stared at the center of the island, and his dark eyes were full of madness.

Although he was bound to the death by the pink shackles, the breath revealed from his body turned out to be an Eight-star Fighting Immortal?