Chapter Vol 4 1890: Buy Evil Crystal Demon Blocks!

I lost. "The deep voice seemed to contain some kind of magic power, and just after it sounded, the whole venue was venting and roaring, and the sound of surprise was endless.

The tyrannical Tianhu demon handsome, who is as tyrannical as a half-step eight-star fighting immortal, will actually lose to a guy whose strength is only in the early stage of seven-star fighting immortal, which shocked the countless monsters present, but unfortunately They witnessed this battle with their own eyes, so they had to admit its authenticity. After the rest, the eyes of many powerhouses looking at Xiao Yan became horrified.

"Really... won?" Outside the arena, the wolf general and the horned devil stared blankly at Xiao Yan's figure in the arena, and couldn't help muttering, originally the devil just let Xiao Yan try, who knows It was really successful.

Today's Xiao Yan is one of the Demon Commanders, and he will soon lead the army of the Ten Thousand Demon Nation into the ancient battlefield. The word Demon Commander represents too much.

"Well, I won."

"And this guy actually bears the dragon king's pattern, and even cultivates soul power. It's really surprising." The Wan Yaowang looked at Xiao Yan's figure in the field and smiled.

"And I don't think this guy seems to be using his full strength."

"Elder Mo, make arrangements, let Xu Shao come over in three days, and let him try Xu Shao for us."

"I still have something to do. I'll leave it to you in the past few days. By the way, I can give Xiao Yan some gifts as appropriate." The meaning of the next is extremely obvious, and it is in a hurry, obviously there is something urgent.

"This guy, what a terrifying power." At this moment, the wolf general was more or less shocked in his heart, and couldn't help but muttered, just watching the body in front of him relax slightly, Bai Zhi's palm stretched out to him, a moment Time hesitated.

"Oh, forget it, defeat is defeat!"

"You bastard, you really hide it." After the rest in the arena, Tianhu Yaoshuai, who put his hand on Xiao Yan's hand, said with a dashing smile.

Although he lost, Xiao Yan abruptly withdrew his last blow and extended his hand in a friendly manner. Obviously, he won a lot of goodwill from this guy. After all, monsters also respect their strength, not to mention the strength and temperament of Xiao Yan. A double excellent guy, Tianhu Yaoshuai can afford to lose!

"It's just a fluke."

"By the way, what is the level of Xu Shao's power?" Xiao Yan supported Tianhu Yanshuai, and immediately asked softly, Xu Shao's strength is by no means comparable to Tianhu Yaoshuai, and the most fierce battle is still far away. For some time, Xiao Yan had to improve himself and search for information as soon as possible.

"Very strong."

"When I was promoted to Yaoshuai a few days ago, I played against him. Although this guy is only in the early stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals, but I failed even if I didn't persist in three face-to-face encounters. That guy's power is extremely strange and extremely sinister. , even if I faced it head-on, I would still have a heart palpitation." At this moment, as if piercing the pain in his heart, Tianhu Yaoshuai paused and said, his eyes flashing with a rare helplessness.

"Is that so." Xiao Yan nodded slowly when he heard the words.

"Lord Xiao Yan, today's battle is over, and three days later, you and Lord Xu Shao will be arranged to fight."

"Please go back to the manor." After a while, after Xiao Yan and Tianhu Yaoshuai separated, the wolf general came to Xiao Yan respectfully and said.

As for the Heavenly Fox Demon Commander, he is still the Demon Commander, but now he is only the last guy among the three newly promoted Demon Commanders.

"Yep."

"By the way, are there any big purchases of medicinal pills or auctions here?" Xiao Yan nodded, and immediately asked the wolf general.

"Do you need to buy anything, sir?"

"As a demon commander, you have the right to buy any medicinal materials or medicinal pills that suit your needs from the auction, and our Ten Thousand Demon Nation treasury will pay for it."

"This is also a kind of reward given by the country to the generals of the army." General Wolf explained patiently.

"And such good things?" Xiao Yan heard the words and was overjoyed.

Xiao Yan knew that being able to defeat the Heavenly Fox Demon Commander had a lot of luck, and what Xiao Yan lacked most now were fighting skills and attacking methods. , it is difficult to cause a real killer move.

The seven-star fighting immortal level already needs the real peak fighting skills of the holy rank. As for the eight-star fighting immortal, I am afraid that it is enough to control the immortal arts, and the battle at that level will be an earth-shattering battle.

Facing the more powerful Xu Shao, there must be some trump card. Now that the soul power and dragon transformation have been exposed, I am afraid that only the spiritual power and the holy flame power, so I really feel a little helpless.

You can't expose your Wood Attribute and Lightning Attribute here. That would be extremely bad for your situation.

"My lord, please." The wolf general took Xiao Yan and slowly left the arena, heading towards the auction house in the Myriad Monster Nation.

The Ten Thousand Demons Country is vast, so the auction venue is also located in a bustling street in the city. However, it is surprising that people come and go in the front door of the auction venue, but no one passes through the back door, not even the auction venue. At the back door of the magnificent building, a group of demon troops are stationed here, seeming to be on guard.

"Master Yaoshuai!"

"Lord Wolf General!" The wolf general had just brought Xiao Yan here, and the guards who were sharp in aura couldn't help but salute him.

"Let's come to the auction to buy some things, is President Su there?" The wolf general nodded slightly and asked with an oppressive aura that was the only one in the army.

"President Su seems to be receiving a certain important person in the living room. I will bring the two adults here. Please come here." While speaking, the two figures of Xiao Yan, led by the demon guard, moved towards the inner field of the auction hall. go.

The venue of the auction is extremely large, and now the auction has been full of people, and there are obviously many auctions going on.

At this time, in the interior of the auction, in a splendid living room, the surrounding area was constructed with countless moon-white jade stones, and it contained a refreshing and peaceful atmosphere. At first glance, it was known that it was used to receive distinguished guests.

"Xu Shao Yaoshuai's request is really difficult for us to do." At this time, two figures stood slowly in the hall. One of them was a middle-aged man surrounded by a green aura, looking indifferently in front of him. The black robe figure opened the mouth and said.

The black robe figure completely covered his body, only revealing the part above his neck.

Xu Shao, who is the first of the newly promoted demon handsomes, has the strength of the eight-star fighting immortal in the early stage!

"Hehe, President Su should be a strong man who understands the truth Besides, the crystals I want to buy are all preparations for entering the ancient battlefield. I hope President Su will not misinterpret what I mean. ." The black-robed figure said softly, a hint of warning warning emerged, and then Xu Shao said softly.

"Prepare to enter the ancient battlefield?"

"It seems that this Xu Shao really has a big problem." President Su smiled slightly and did not promise him the first time.

Xu Shao came here today, and he was begging for a special crystal called Evil Crystal Demon Block. If this crystal was placed at an ordinary time, there would naturally be no problem.

But now the problem is the effect of the evil crystal demon block. It can absorb the power of evil or special magic energy, thus temporarily opening up a narrow crack, which is a must for entering some evil and dangerous places. There seems to be a Demon Suppression Prison in the ancient battlefield, and now Xu Shao's mind is probably slowly clearing up.

"Hey, isn't this Master Xu Shao Yaoshuai?"

"Long time for a long time." At the same time, when the two were deadlocked in the field, a refreshing laughter slowly spread out.

The people who came were Xiao Yan and the wolf general!

And it looks like an hour or two later.

In this dormitory now, the final exams are all night for endorsement. Yesterday, I didn't sleep until 4:00 in the morning. After the exam at 12:00 in the morning, I came back to make up my sleep, and it will be later.

And tomorrow's English review, the test on Wednesday, I think they have to stay all night too, it's too difficult

Exams are over on Wednesday, and it's going to explode on Thursday until the end of the year

Anyway, I think five and six is ​​the limit. Of course, if the ticket rewards a little more, ten is also possible, hehe

When the time comes, please slap me in the face as much as possible. At the end of the year, it will always be crazy once

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: