Chapter Vol 4 1023: Double evil call Gorefiend!

"Susu..."

"Just a few bereaved dogs."

"I was lucky enough to be escaped by you at the beginning, and today you come to die on your own initiative?"

"This is too unwise." Then the evil voice that day fell, and suddenly a powerful cyan flame in front of the two suddenly burst out from the cyan lava.

"Ghost Face Soul Yan, don't be too arrogant, this time is different from the past." Then another evil Tianhong shouted to him.

Then as soon as Tianhong and Tiangan's voice fell, the cyan flame also slowly condensed a flame figure, and the flame figure was wrapped in cyan flames, and even above the body, a scorching pure aura that purifies some evil in the world emerges.

Looking at it up close, it was a man. The man was wearing a blue robe. From head to toe, all the decorations were blue, which was quite strange.

"The four envoys of the Gorefiends are Blood Heaven, Blood Earth, Blood Profound, and Blood Yellow."

"Why are you two alone now?"

"What about Xuetian and Xuehuang?" The cyan figure just appeared, and he glanced at Tiangan and Tianhong below, and said contemptuously.

"asshole!"

"Which pot can't be opened and lifted!" Hearing this guy say this, Tianhong couldn't help roaring.

They are the four messengers of the Gorefiend clan, the blood is blood, the blood is blood, the blood is deep, and the four are attached to the four heavens of the Xuanling royal family. Now two of the four heavens of the Xuanling royal family have fallen directly. The evil aura was naturally wiped out by Xiao Yan.

So now, among the four great messengers, there are only the first of the four messengers living in Tiangan's body, Xue Tian, ​​and the two living in Tianhong's body, Xue Xuan.

"The dog who lost his family, dare to scream?" The blue flame figure shook his head slightly, and then said something.

"Don't talk nonsense, do it!"

"Although this guy's strength is tyrannical, half of my king's strength is definitely not so easy to deal with. In addition to the fact that those guys in the Fenxiang Pavilion have several holy flames, this guy should be delaying time."

"Once the other saint flames from the Burning Incense Pavilion arrive, I am afraid that today our Blood Demon clan will be wiped out." Xue Tian shouted angrily and said.

"The boss is right, let's do it!" As soon as Xuetian's voice fell, Xue Xuan also flashed a dazzling evil aura all over his body, and then prepared to start.

"Sure enough, it was discovered..."

"I'm dealing with the Gorefiend alone, so I need to draw out most of my current strength. If I'm dealing with these two people, I'll avoid some of them."

"And the limit of the blood river is only in the early stage of the Eight-star Dou Di. The strength of these two guys is no trivial matter. It seems that it will take a while." After the cyan flame figure finished speaking, he was also ready for battle.

The next moment, the aura of the blood sky rose sharply, directly reaching the limit, and the power of the peak of the Eight Star Dou Emperor's initial stage suddenly emerged, but this aura was full of evil power.

As soon as he finished speaking, Xue Tian's figure flickered, attacking the ghost-faced soul flame above the blue lava.

"Bang bang bang!" Then the figure of the blood sky just swept away, as if it hit a wall that was not airtight, and was ejected directly.

"What is this..." But Xue Xuan slowly stared at the top of the cyan lava, as if there was something mysterious here.

"Boss, it's not unusual here."

"When we left, we didn't have it yet, why now..." Xue Xuan said.

"It seems that during these hours, this ghost face and soul inflammation has also improved a lot." Then Xue Tian got up and said.

"Evil races outside the territory, everyone gets them and kills them."

"Suffer to death!" Then the ghost-faced soul flame didn't give the two evil envoys any chance to breathe, and he pointed his finger to talk, and then a group of cyan flames suddenly blasted away at the two evil envoys.

"Boom boom boom!" Such a sudden attack caught the two evil envoys off guard, and the evil black energy on their bodies dissipated a lot.

"This ghost face soul flame is really strong." Being hit by such a powerful attack from the front face of the ghost face ghost flame, the aura of the two evil envoys became unstable.

Sheng Yan is the biggest nemesis of the evil races outside the territory, that's right.

"This cyan lava is not that simple."

"This should be in its domain."

"Unexpectedly, when we left the last time, Ghost Face Soul Flame had not yet been born and realized the realization. It has only been more than ten years, and it has grown to this stage."

"This time, you can't keep your hands!" Then Xue Tian's voice just fell, and suddenly an extremely evil aura emerged from the two of them.

And with the emergence of this evil aura, the cyan lava also became violently moving.

"Are you going to use your real skills..."

"Master of the Holy Flame, you should move faster. I always feel that these two guys won't be so simple."

"With my current strength, let alone two evil envoys, even if they gather together, they can't beat me..."

"But they have escaped for so long. If they are not fully prepared, I am afraid they will not die easily." The blue flame figure, with his eyes fixed on Xuetian, murmured at the corner of his mouth.

"Ghost face and soul inflammation, I'll show you."

"What is a real Gorefiend?"

"Let's join forces and sacrifice to the Gorefiend!" After a short while, the two people, Xuetian and Xuexuan, turned out to be blood-red auras slowly appearing, and then they both knelt and bowed to the void in front of them.

And in that void, constantly absorbing the evil power of the two, an extremely terrifying thing was vaguely born.

"That's not enough!"

"Suck it for me!" Then the next moment Xue Tian glanced at him, even if he absorbed the evil power of both of them, the blood demon was still extremely illusory, as if it would dissipate at any time, and then his voice rose high. Get up and whizz away towards the space in all directions.

"Crash!" Then, as soon as the voice fell, a trace of evil black aura emerged from the barren land.

However, this black aura just emerged, and was immediately suppressed by an extremely tyrannical cyan flame.

"Damn it!" Then, feeling this scene, Xue Tian's complexion also became extremely strange.

"I still don't believe that I can't break you!" The next moment, Xuetian spurted out a mouthful of dried blood, and then crashed directly into the Gorefiend's body in the void in front of him.

And with the appearance of Blood Sky, in the barren land, those black auras broke through the suppression of the cyan flame in an instant, and then the evil auras from all directions converged on the Gorefiend in front of the Blood Sky.

"Hahaha!"

"Ghost Face Soul Yan, this time, it seems that you won't be so lucky..." When Xue Tian saw that his plan had succeeded, he couldn't help laughing wildly.

"Despicable, using the power of human body and blood to lead..." And the azure flame figure that had always been calm, after looking at the evil giant shadow of the Gorefiend that became more and more condensed in front of him, also appeared in the pupils. A bit of astonishment.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм