Chapter Vol 4 1134: Devour the corpse pill!

"The next step is to devour the corpse pill and advance to Dou Di." Qing Wen's laughter slowly echoed in the entire Pill Hall.

"Brother Qing, please." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he naturally laughed together. Since the three treasure chests have already been obtained, it would be of little use to stay here.

"Go out first." After Qing Wen finished speaking, he left the sunken ground and returned to the Pill Hall.

"Qing'er has already started." The two of them had just left the sunken ground, and immediately looked at the wall to the side. Circles of white mist covered Qing'er's body, but a tyrannical aura emerged.

"Brother Xiao Yan, breaking through Dou Xian is by no means a child's play, but I believe you will succeed." After Qing Wen finished speaking, he went straight to the rear, obviously planning to break through Dou Di.

"Well, let me start too."

"The Dou Qi in the Dou Qi Sea has already been compressed by the flame beasts ahead of time. Next, I just need to swallow the corpse pill to obtain the huge power, so as to condense the Dou Core..."

"Crossing the Immortal Tribulation..."

"It's the real breakthrough Dou Di, turned into Dou Xian!" Xiao Yan muttered.

"It's right here." Xiao Yan walked around, deliberately choosing a place not far from Qing Wen and Qing'er, and then sat cross-legged directly.

"Fire!"

"Soul power!" Just after choosing a place, Xiao Yan suddenly shouted, the dazzling flame power and soul power formed two extremely huge enchantments around Xiao Yan, wrapping Xiao Yan in them.

"With the dual isolation barrier of holy flame power and soul power, you should be able to break through with confidence." Xiao Yan said with a smile, Xiao Yan had no choice. After all, when breaking through, he would definitely use holy flame power, so for the sake of Be careful, still do it like this, after all Sheng Yan's attractiveness is no small matter, Xiao Yan doesn't want to expose it easily.

"Battle Qi group!"

"Corpse Pill!" Xiao Yan shouted, and just after the voice fell, the fist-sized Dou Qi mass compressed by the flame beast appeared directly in front of Xiao Yan, and the corpse pill that contained enough Xiao Yan to break through the Dou Emperor also appeared.

"A Douhe is something that has a sea of ​​Dou Qi."

"Even though my current Dou Qi sea is empty." Xiao Yan muttered.

"Boy, don't do it."

"In your battle qi sea, there are not only flaming beasts, but also the source power of two holy flame crystals, and even the battle spirit." The Soul Eater said.

"Fighting soul?"

"If it wasn't for what you said, senior, I'm afraid I forgot!"

"If I devoured the fighting spirit after being promoted to Dou Immortal, I'm afraid I can reach the late stage of 1-star Dou Immortal or even complete..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but burst into ecstasy.

"Boy, you can't chew too much, because of the power of holy flame, you went from the seven-star Dou Emperor to the one-turn nine-star Dou Emperor, and then directly to the peak of the Dou Emperor, so I don't recommend that you break through the Dou Xian by devouring the Dou Soul. "

"Your power has an ethereal feeling. After breaking through Dou Xian, you should stabilize first and then devour Dou Soul, otherwise it will have a big impact on your future."

"And the power of your fighting spirit should not be underestimated. According to my guess, when you cultivate to the middle stage of one-star fighting immortal, you can devour it. After swallowing, it is enough to completely advance to two-star fighting immortal." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"Senior's words are true, but I'm too impatient." Xiao Yan also suppressed some of the thoughts in his heart when he heard the words. Obviously, Soul Eater's analysis was right.

"Now that you are ready, let's start."

"I can't help you on your way to the road to fighting immortals."

"You still have to rely on you to carry it all over." The Soul Eater said lightly.

"En." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded immediately, then waved it casually, and the corpse pill containing huge energy suddenly came into his hands.

"This guy is really perverted, three holy flames, fighting spirit and wood genus xìng..."

"If I meet some old guys later, I can say that Xiao Yan is my disciple."

"I always feel that this kid's achievements in the future will not be low... No, I have to take advantage of this guy's growth and teach him to be my disciple. After rì, my Soul Eater will also have a lot of face, hehe..." The Lord of Souls said in a slow and deep voice in the bottom of his heart.

"Let's get started." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, and then without hesitation, a bluish-yellow holy flame suddenly emerged from the palm of his hand, wrapping it around the corpse pill.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Shabu Shabu!" The power of the holy flame is so powerful, it just burned to the corpse pill, and a thick smoke burst out from the corpse pill, as if it had encountered an incomparably powerful enemy.

"This thick smoke is a good thing, don't waste it." Seeing this, Xiao Yan took a breath, and the thick smoke was immediately absorbed into Xiao Yan's body. At that time, the black and white life and death power in Xiao Yan's body slowly became the whole body. Bright up, constantly squirming, constantly blending.

"This little power is not enough!" The next moment, Xiao Yan felt that the power contained in the thick smoke just made the power of life and death in his body blend a little, and then he spoke.

Reaching the peak of Dou Di, the power of life and death of black and white is close to a perfect blend, but if you want to break through Dou Di, this level is not enough, you must blend the force of life and death perfectly, so as to give birth to the power of Dou Xian that belongs to you Only then can it be called a real Fighting Immortal!

"Gulu!" Not long after, seeing that some of the dust on the outermost layer of the corpse pill had fallen off, Xiao Yan also swallowed it regardless of the 3721!

"Boom!" As soon as he swallowed the corpse pill, a force of tyrannical force emerged from the corpse pill slowly, and then flowed towards his body and limbs.

The reason why Xiao Yan used the power of holy flame to burn the corpse pill was to filter the corpse qi and other impurities in the corpse pill, so as to consume the purest power. The smoke is the corpse gas of the corpse pill.

"Boom boom boom!" The corpse pellet filtered by Xiao Yan had just poured into Xiao Yan's body, and a tyrannical force suddenly erupted, making Xiao Yan's body a little overwhelmed.

"The power of life and death, melt it for me!" Seeing that all the limbs in his body were nearly saturated with the power of absorbing corpse pills, Xiao Yan also launched a final attack on the power of life and death!

"Ahhhh..." Just after he finished speaking, a scream came from Xiao Yan's mouth.

"Bang bang bang!" The huge power contained in the corpse pill directly shook Xiao Yan's power of life and death violently. is not very pleasant.

At this time, Xiao Yan had to endure the continuous explosion generated by the fusion of the power of life and death and the impact of the huge energy of the corpse pill. His eyes were red, his teeth were clenched, and the pain was pouring into his face, and his expression was extraordinary. serious.

"I am dignified, Emperor Yan, how can I be afraid that you will not be able to live and die..."

"For Lao Tzu... let the horse come over!" Xiao Yan said word by word, his voice filled with a rebellious aura that was fearless!

"Boom boom boom!" Under the violent impact of the corpse pill, the power of life slowly merged, showing the transformation of black and white color into fiery red color, but in this space, with the power of black and white every time Fusion, a tragic cry also emerged.