Chapter Vol 4 1247: clean up spies

Ye Cheng, within the Yuzong sect.

"It's all your fault, and I don't look at Weiwei and Ran Ran well. If something happens to them, how can I live..." In the hall, a beautiful woman, Pear Blossom, cried with rain.

"Hey... I sent Yufeng to do this secretly, but I didn't think that Wei Wei and Ran Ran would sneak out secretly. By the time I knew it, it was already like this..." The middle-aged man looked helpless, obviously this kind of Things are also beyond his scope.

The two eldest Miss Yuzong are kind-hearted by nature. In addition to their outstanding appearance, if they encounter some evil people who are scheming, I am afraid...

"Report to Sect Master, there is news coming back from the front." A figure slowly came to the hall and said to the man who was waiting anxiously in the hall.

This anxiously waiting man is the current Sect Master of Yuzong, Yu Tianyue, a powerhouse in the late three-star Dou Xian stage. He and Ye Ku from Kuye Zhai are the strongest in Yecheng. , and therefore ranked first.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

As for the beautiful woman on the side, she was the mother of Yu Wei and Yu Ran Ran, Mrs Yuan.

"What news?" Yu Tianyue asked when someone came back in front of him. He couldn't help but get up from his seat and asked.

When the two sisters went out to collect materials, Yu Tianyue didn't agree at all, but he never thought that the two girls secretly ran out secretly. By the time Yu Tianyue found out, it was too late.

"Sect Master, the two eldest ladies came back with the materials, and according to them, they were intercepted by the forces of Kuyezhai on the way. Fortunately, a young man helped them clear the siege, otherwise the consequences would be unimaginable." The guard said slowly. .

"Young man?" Yu Tianyue frowned, but he didn't think much about it. After all, he was not someone from Kuyezhai who helped Yuzong to clear the siege.

"It seems that we have a problem internally." The next moment, Yu Tianyue said slowly.

They went out to collect news of repairing space transmission array materials, but their Yuzong's top secret was intercepted by Kuyezhai on the way. This undoubtedly shows that the information leaked inside their Yuzong, their Yuzong, has a problem. !

"Send my order and spread the news, saying that the sisters of the Yu family went out to collect medicinal materials and were unfortunately killed." Yu Tianyue spoke slowly.

"you!"

"How can anyone curse their children like that?" Yuan Shi couldn't help but curse at Yu Tianyue after hearing this.

"Women's kindness, you go back first, I will handle these matters." After Yu Tianyue finished speaking, he disappeared directly into the hall.

But I have to say that Yu Tianyue's trick is really brilliant. As soon as the news was released, the details hidden in their Yuzong appeared in the afternoon, and they were easily arrested by Yu Tianyue.

"Hehe, Sixth Elder, I didn't expect that the traitor was actually you." In the hall, a tyrannical blue **** slowly bound a blue-colored old man, and the old man's face was calm, without any sign of struggle.

"Humph."

"Yu Tianyue, since the matter is exposed, this old man has nothing to say, whether it is life or death, give it a good time." Sixth Elder said directly.

The sixth elder was Kuyezhai's eyeliner in Yuzong, and this time, when he heard the news of the death of the Yu family sisters, there was a very small mistake, but Yu Tianyue, an old fox, found out.

"I remember ten years ago, the sixth elder went out once, and his temperament changed greatly after he came back."

"Although I have been doing my duty for the sect all these years, I think..." After Yu Tianyue finished speaking, he came directly to the sixth elder, and then with a trace of vindictiveness in his palm, he went directly to the sixth elder's face.

"Tear!" With a sound, a piece of paper like a human skin mask was slowly opened by Yu Tianyue.

"Am I right... Third Elder Kuyezhai." Yu Tianyue tore off the piece of paper and said slowly with his eyes.

The guy in front of him is actually not the sixth elder of their Rain Sect, but the third elder of Kuye Zhai!

Ye Yunqing, a powerhouse whose strength has reached the level of the Three Star Fighting Immortals!

"Yu Tianyue, you have to die!" Seeing his identity being revealed, Ye Yunqing couldn't help shouting.

"Drag me down and keep me under strict supervision. If there is any mistake, I will apologize with my life." Yu Tianyue left a cold voice and disappeared immediately.

One day passed quickly, and Xiao Yan and his party also slowly came to Ye Cheng.

"Huhu, I'm finally back. Fortunately, we're fine with this guy. If something goes wrong, I'm afraid my father will be furious..." Yuwei came out of Yecheng and looked at the In two big words, he said with a small breath.

"You, you have a lot of ideas." Yu Ran Ran tapped Yu Wei's brow lightly, symbolically educating her.

"Sister, let's go." Yu Wei stuck out her tongue at Yu Ran Ran, and then walked directly towards Yu Zong.

In order not to attract the attention of others, everyone entered Yecheng in several batches, Xiao Yan, and Yuwei Yu Ran in groups of three. Although the two girls were quite extraordinary in appearance, people who passed by didn't find any clues.

After all, the two eldest misses of Yuzong lived in seclusion. Ordinary people only knew that Yuzong had two beautiful young ladies, but they didn't have the chance to see their beauty.

"Xiao Yan, here we are!" After walking around for a while, he came to Yuzong's mansion, and Yuwei said excitedly.

"Master Xiao Yan, please." After Yu Ran Ran finished speaking, the three of them walked towards Yuzong's mansion.

"I've seen Eldest Miss, Second Miss!" Upon seeing this, the staff at the entrance of the mansion said respectfully directly to the two daughters.

"Is Daddy here..." Yuwei looked around and asked the guard.

"The sect master asked the two eldest ladies to go to the hall as soon as they came back." The guard said in Dudu.

"It's over Father must know about us sneaking out, so there's no way to avoid punishment."

"Sister, when the time comes, you can say that it's all my own idea and let you lighten the punishment a little bit." Yuwei said in a hurry.

"I still know how to come back!" At this moment, a stern voice slowly emerged from the depths of the mansion and swept towards the three people standing at the door.

"This bastard!" Xiao Yan's expression suddenly became ugly when he felt this terrifying fluctuation. Obviously, all the coercion was condensed on himself.

"This fluctuation is probably more powerful than Jade Legacy..." Xiao Yan struggled to support, in order not to let this aura oppress him.

"Dad, don't be angry, we are too..." Yu Wei felt this angry voice and couldn't help but whisper, like a little girl who did something wrong.

"Come in and talk!" A terrifying voice resounded.

"Don't worry, Daddy is only angry on the surface, not actually punishing you..."

"Let's go." Yu Ran Ran supported Yu Wei, and then the two girls walked in slowly.

"This man with a heavy ruler on his back is quite powerful, and he can actually resist the pressure of my power..." Yu Tianyue, who was sitting in the hall at this time, was puzzled.

The anger and energy coercion just now was obviously aimed at Xiao Yan alone, but what Yu Tianyue did not expect was that Xiao Yan, this guy, could actually resist his energy coercion in the late stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, which was quite extraordinary.