Chapter Vol 4 1185: The Hawkeye Squad is here!

Ten days are fleeting.

During these ten days, Xiao Yan lived a life of being locked out of the house. Apart from his daily diet, he locked himself in the house and tried hard to explore the seal fighting skills.

The difficulty of this seal fighting skill is not small, but Huangtian pays off, relying on Xiao Yan's own understanding and secretly on-demand by the Lord of Soul Eater, within ten days, Xiao Yan successfully mastered the first weight of the Soul Eater Blood Tablet. !

Having mastered the first level of this Spirit-devouring Blood Tablet, and with the fighting skills in his hands, Xiao Yan at this time has confidence, and if he is faced with a powerhouse in the late stage of the One Star Fighting Immortal, he has the power to fight.

The Spirit Devouring Blood Monument is divided into three layers, and each layer actually corresponds to a level.

The first level is enough to seal Xiao Yan a powerhouse that is two levels stronger than himself. For example, now that he is in the early stage of One Star Fighting Immortal, the first level of casting the Spirit Devouring Blood Tablet is enough to seal a strong person in the later stage of One Star Fighting Immortal.

As for the second level, it was able to seal Xiao Yan with a powerhouse that surpassed his third level, enough to seal a one-star Dou Xian consummation!

As for the third level of Spirit Devouring Blood Monument, it is enough for Xiao Yan to fight and seal the powerhouse in the early stage of Two Star Fighting Immortals!

This is the terrifying part of the seal fighting technique.

However, although it is tyrannical, it also has its drawbacks. If you seal the ordinary strong, you will not be afraid, but if you seal some deep-rooted guys, I am afraid that it will not be easy to succeed, and even if it is successful, its sealing time, I am afraid that It only lasts for a few minutes or even a few seconds, and the sealing time depends on the strength of the enemy.

But even so, Xiao Yan was quite satisfied with this seal fighting skill.

"My lord, the City Lord of Dead Wind has something for me to convey to you." Xiao Yan just got up and walked towards the main entrance of the inn, when the inn owner hurried over and said with a smile.

Although this innkeeper is not strong, he is only at the level of Dou Di, but his status in this ghost king city can be said to be quite high, but when facing Xiao Yan, he is still cautious, not for anything else, just because of death Feng had explained that this Xiao Yan was the nobleman of the Ghost King City.

"What are you talking about?" Xiao Yan asked slightly when he heard the words, the innkeeper was very naive and took care of himself a lot, Xiao Yan smiled.

"The City Lord of Dead Wind came to the inn three days ago, but at that time, the adults seemed to be in retreat, so they didn't disturb the adults."

"The city lord left a message saying that if the lord wakes up, then go to the city lord's mansion. It is said that there is something to look for you." The innkeeper smiled.

"Yes." Xiao Yan agreed softly, and then headed directly towards the City Lord's Mansion, without thinking about the mansion, it seemed that the powerhouse behind the auction of dragon blood crystals had arrived.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Speaking of which, Xiao Yan is also looking forward to it, these guys can actually find such a precious thing, plus they have to promise them a condition after taking the ground dragon blood crystal.

And the most important thing is that it is a long journey from Ghost King City to Dongzhou. If Xiao Yan is alone, he will inevitably reveal his identity. If there are these fellows, Xiao Yan will be happy.

City Lord's Mansion.

"Humph."

"This third-rank emperor-rank pharmacist is too big!"

"We're in a hurry, so he'd better take advantage of such an important juncture to retreat. If he doesn't leave in a short time, could it be that we have to wait for him?" In the living room of the City Lord's Mansion, the four figures slowly Standing tall, two of them were Dead Wind and Bai He, but on the opposite side of them, a woman with a good face spoke uprightly on her pretty face. In her words, they all revealed the hate towards Xiao Yan.

"Xiaoye, don't be rude."

"We are going to Dongzhou on this trip, and the ratio of sending you to Dongzhou is only one, and we also have our purpose, so this pharmacist will definitely have to wait." The man on the side laughed and scolded, but the voice was different The middle is still full of love, and it can be seen that the relationship between this man and the young woman is not ordinary.

"Second uncle, if this guy is closed, how many years will he be closed?"

"Then do we have to wait?" The woman seemed slightly dissatisfied, and Liu Mei said horizontally.

"Hehe, Xiaoye, according to Lao Feng, that pharmacist is about the same age as you, and at this age he is a pharmacist who can reach the third-grade emperor rank. I'm afraid his background is not weaker than ours."

"So these words can only be said in private, and must not be passed on to their ears. After all, the thing we need this time, if there is no support from the soul power of this emperor-rank third-grade pharmacist, I am afraid it will just die in vain." At this time, the man did not smile at all, and said solemnly.

Whenever he said that thing, a trace of fear appeared on the man's face.

"Got it, what is fierce..." The woman made a face when she heard the words, and then ran out.

"This girl." Seeing Xiaoye leave, Death Feng smiled.

"This girl is used to being pampered since she was a child, and she doesn't know if this is a blessing or a curse..." The man also said helplessly.

"Brother Yu, I haven't seen you for a few years, your strength seems to be..." The next moment, as Yu Xiaoye left, Death Feng noticed that the man's strength seemed to be getting stronger and stronger.

This man's name is Yu Yifeng, and he is the vanguard of his family. The so-called vanguard is to eliminate some villains for the family, and even seek the antidote. His strength was already a two-star fighting immortal a few years ago, but now The strength is stronger than before.

"Hey, in our line of work, you have been walking on the edge of life and death all year round, so the promotion is naturally much faster." Yu Yifeng said.

"Brother Yu, what about the rest of you?" The next moment, Death Wind asked.

This Jade Legacy team is very powerful. In addition, this guy is a genuine three-star fighting immortal. Most of the squads are two-star fighting immortals. This also establishes the strength of their precious squad is very strong.

"When I entered the Ghost King City ~, in order not to attract people's attention, I entered it separately, and now I live in your City Lord's Mansion."

"Just wait for the refining pharmacist's retreat to end, and then you can set off." Yu Yifeng said with a smile.

"If that's the case, then wait." After Death Wind finished speaking, he also had a careful conversation with him, and the three of them chatted and laughed in the living room.

"Humph."

"I still don't believe it. How strong can a third-grade alchemist be a mere emperor?" Yu Xiaoye had just left the city lord's mansion, and immediately walked around.

However, I have to say that this Jade Leaflet has a slender figure, and with her snow-white skin that can be broken by a bullet, many people have noticed it while walking in this ghost king city with mixed eyes.

"Humph."

"What are you looking at, this lady is..." Yu Xiaoye easily noticed the unfriendly eyes of these people, and immediately said dismissively, but Yu Xiaoye was busy muttering that these passersby's eyes were restless, but she didn't notice A figure walking in front of him.

"Aiya, how did you walk?" The next moment, Yu Xiaoye slammed into a man's arms, and couldn't help but groaned.

Yu Xiaoye raised her head and rolled her eyes, but she was shocked by the man in front of her.

What caught the eye was a man with deep-colored pupils, with a huge heavy ruler on his back, giving people a sense of heaviness, and what shocked Yu Xiaoye the most was the aura of this man. It made me feel vaguely uneasy!

End of this chapter