Chapter Vol 4 1864: Devour the Immortal Flame!

After the evil eye emperor was obliterated by Xiao Yan's refining, it turned into a white smoke, slowly lingering in the void of the hall, with Xiao Yan's amber flame burning soul fire, I am afraid that after a few minutes, this will not last forever, and he is still trying to subdue it. The Evil Eye Emperor of Immortal Flame will also completely fall here.

As for the traces of the source of immortal flames swallowed by the Evil Eye Emperor, there was nothing he could do at this time, and they disappeared together with his fall.

"Weng buzzing!" At this time, a cold and evil object emerged out of Xiao Yan's body directly out of his control.

It was a demonic cube that was sealed by Xiao Yan with the power of holy flame for dozens of layers. At this time, it suddenly fell out of Xiao Yan's soul realm, as if there was something in the hall that was enough to attract it.

"Suck it~" The Rubik's Cube just appeared, and suddenly looked at the white mist that the Evil Eye Emperor turned in front of him and suddenly sucked, accompanied by a strange voice, the last trace of the evil smoke and the weak holy flame power of the Xie Eye Emperor was directly swept away. The Rubik's Cube was devoured. After absorbing this trace of power, the Rubik's Cube returned to Xiao Yan's hands quite spiritually. A faint aura resisted the flames on the golden paper in front of him, and devoured the evil spirits. The weight of the Rubik's Cube of the Empress of the Eye has clearly changed from before.

"What's the situation?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly panicked. All of this happened in an instant, causing Xiao Yan to react before he could react.

In order to hide the traces of the Devil's Rubik's Cube, Xiao Yan tightly sealed dozens of layers with the fire of holy flame in the soul realm. With such a method, this Rubik's Cube could be shattered instantly?

And it actually devoured the last trace of Evil Eye Emperor's power?

Why devour the evil power of this extraterritorial evil race?

"It's a little heavier, about five percent of the volume of the Rubik's Cube?" Xiao Yan carefully used his soul power to sense, and found that the Rubik's Cube has changed a little now. In the corner of Xiao Yan's Rubik's Cube, he can already clearly feel some accumulated power. These forces are trying to fill the Devil's Rubik's Cube, and they echo the suppressed Devil's power in Xiao Yan's body...

And Xiao Yan always had a hunch, it seemed that after completely filling the Rubik's Cube, would he not be devoured by the devil's soul when he was demonized?

If it wasn't for the help of Emperor Yanjie and Fen Jue, I'm afraid Xiao Yan would not be able to resist the devil's backlash by himself, and then...

But now the Emperor Yanjie has fallen into darkness and seems to be damaged. As for Fen Jue, it is extremely mysterious, so next time, I can only rely on myself.

"Forget it, let's do business." After thinking about it, I couldn't think of a reason, so I didn't want to.

"This girl...what's going on?" After putting away the demon cube, Xiao Yan looked at the little girl in front of him, but found a rare and decisive wave in the girl's beautiful eyes.

That is the fluctuation of holy flame, and a arrogance that looks like death.

At this time, the little girl's body was shining with a faint yellow liquid, and she walked towards the golden paper.

"Thank you." After Shunxi, the little girl behind him came to the golden paper, and bowed heavily to Xiao Yan, and then slowly became illusory. A pale yellow flame fell off the golden paper and lingered. Looking at her, it actually echoed the flames on the golden paper in the center of the hall.

"Weng buzzing!" Before Xiao Yan could speak, the little girl's figure poured directly into the flames, as if supporting the combustion, and the faint yellow flames that were about to go out suddenly ignited like a raging fire.

"Thank you." Seeing the sacrifice of life and death by the Holy Flame Spirit in front of him, Xiao Yan did not stop him but bowed heavily to express his respect for the Holy Flame and the Holy Flame Spirit.

The birth of the holy flame, to a certain extent, has already existed to protect the holy flame. Now the immortal flame has been swallowed up by the evil eye emperor, and it is on the verge of bleak. For more than a hundred years or tens of thousands of years, this holy flame will not bloom any luster.

The action of the Holy Flame Spirit just now, using his own blood as a guide, burned all the source power in his body and injected it into the golden paper flame.

Doing so requires one's own life, but it is enough to make Immortal Yan burst into his own brilliance. This little girl's action undoubtedly won Xiao Yan's admiration from the bottom of her heart. How many people in the world have such a profound sense of righteousness?

"Boom!" After the breath, all the vitality of the little girl was instantly extinguished, and the faint flame on the golden paper erupted with a very bright yellowish luster at this moment.

"Crash!" At the same time, the immortal fire in Xiao Yan's body was also out of control, and broke out directly and wrapped around the immortal fire.

"Immortal fire...Immortal flame..."

"What is immortality and immortality?" Xiao Yan didn't rush to swallow the immortal flame, he also wanted to see what anomalies would happen to the immortal fire and the immortal flame.

And now that Xiao Yan's body has been tempered by the power of the Dragon God Transformation and the power of the devil, plus the power of the six-star fighting immortal middle stage, swallowing the eighteenth ranked Immortal Flame, he no longer needs any auxiliary medicine pills, unless swallowing the top ranked Only the holy flames before the fourteenth need the aid of medicinal pills.

"Weng Om!" The golden paper is extremely white, and it seems to be a breeding ground for holy flames. A steady stream of gentle power is released to nourish the immortal flame. The entanglement of fire, vaguely, an extremely tyrannical immortal aura swept the entire palace.

"Immortal flame..." Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing when he smelled this trace of immortality.

The characteristics of the immortal fire is that it breaks and then stands, and Xiao Yan is also looking forward to what the characteristics of the immortal flame are.

"Pfft!" After the breath, the gray immortal fire quietly returned to Xiao Yan's body. In the entire hall of immortality, only the pale yellow flame was left beating on the golden paper. It was like an elf of fire, and it was like A newborn baby, jumping happily, each jump releasing a yellowish breath.

That's the taste of immortality.

"Give me your power... I will personally guard this great world for you!" Seeing Immortal Yan's actions like this, Xiao Yan waited for a quarter of an hour until Immortal Yan calmed down. Fang Cai's body was surrounded by amber flames and soul fire, and he said in a very heavy tone.

Immortal Yan is now similar to a new life, but he still has an extreme hatred for the evil power of the Evil Eye Emperor. Xiao Yan also noticed this, and just said, otherwise once Immortal Yan riots, it will waste a lot of time. .

"Huuuuu!" The pale yellow flame heard the words, and the flame shook violently. It seemed to smell a familiar smell from the amber flame on Xiao Yan's body. The ranking is even more tyrannical!

"Da da da!" After a few minutes, the pale yellow flames did not hesitate, their body turned into a golden crossbow arrow, fell off the golden paper, and immediately shot towards Xiao Yan's body.

"Thank you." When Xiao Yan saw this, the big stone in his heart finally fell.

The next step is to reach that enviable step!

Devour the holy flame and realize the realm of immortality and immortality!