Chapter Vol 4 1573: cooperate! (Thanks to [Soup] Wan reward plus...

After leaving the Zero Hour Market, Xiao Yan walked cautiously towards the depths of Soul Valley.

The interior of the Soul Valley is poor, the mountains and forests are endless, and the ghost beasts that haunt faintly are even more tyrannical. With that weird pink halo, the Soul Valley becomes extremely dangerous.

At this time, the acacia tree seems to have not completely arrived, just a pink halo emerges, and the acacia tree seems to be wrapped in a pink halo and stands at the core of Soul Valley.

"Sisi." Leaving the Zero Hour Market and came to the edge of Soul Valley. Without the protection of the Zero Hour Market, a pink halo shone on Xiao Yan's body, and Xiao Yan only felt a strange itch coming from his heart.

This strange itch is extremely difficult to resolve, even if Xiao Yan exerts his soul power, spiritual power, and even vindictiveness, he can't eliminate it, and Xiao Yan vaguely knows that as he approaches the depths of the Soul Valley, this pink halo will appear. Even if it becomes more intense, the strange itching is also more intense, the strange itching is extremely unbearable, like a knife twisted in one's body, but cannot be caught and resolved.

"Damn." After struggling, Xiao Yan found that he couldn't solve the strange itch, and immediately shook his head. After speaking, he forcibly endured the anomaly, penetrated the cover of many trees, and headed towards the depths of the Soul Valley.

"Little guy, be careful, this should be some means set up by the Acacia tree to protect itself. The power of Acacia is strange and abnormal, even I don't know the solution." After a while, the Lord of Soul Eater said.

"This kind of itch is extremely strange, and there is no way to solve it. I am afraid that it will die from the itch so close to the core of Soul Valley. It seems that I have to think of something." Xiao Yan heard the words and shook his head secretly. Xiao Yan met for the first time.

"Weng buzzing!" After a while, the Shengyan heart on Xiao Yan's chest seemed to sense the itch in Xiao Yan's body, and it suddenly jumped violently, and then a trace of soft power appeared quietly, so it slowly resolved Xiao Yan tormented.

"Yingying..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan slowly touched his chest with both hands, and a trace of relief slowly emerged.

It's strange to say that when Sheng Yan's heart made strange fluctuations, the abnormality in Xiao Yan's body gradually weakened and even disappeared. At this time, Xiao Yan's mind was also slowly emerging because of Sheng Yan's heart. Yingying's playful appearance.

"Hey!" In an instant, a rapid burst of sound suddenly emerged from the hidden trees in the distance, and shot towards Xiao Yan.

"who!"

"Get out of here!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power turned into a giant snake of energy, whizzing away towards the surroundings.

"Crash!" As soon as the soul force fought, a figure suddenly emerged from the shadows.

"It really is the soul power of the fairyland level." The woman just showed up, and immediately retracted all her attacks, and immediately smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Different Soul Tower Song Lanfeng?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan frowned. It was obvious that this guy had just competed with him for the strange leaves, and he would fight against him again. This Different Soul Que can be used as a force at the level of the hegemony of the Central Territory, and its disciples must be extraordinary.

"Xiao Yan, right... Don't get me wrong, I'm not your enemy. On the contrary, I have a good deal here. I wonder if you are willing to cooperate?" After a while, Song Lanfeng looked at Xiao Yan with beautiful eyes and said softly.

"Trade?"

"Let's hear it." Xiao Yan nodded when he heard the words. Song Lanfeng's soul power was extremely strong, and his strength had reached the level of the middle stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortals. For Xiao Yan, he was a formidable enemy.

"Now that the Acacia tree is coming into existence, the Earth Court is forbidden to participate in this Acacia tree battle, and now in the Central Territory, only our four major forces occupy the absolute dominance. Other forces want to enter the land where the Acacia tree descends, but there are many difficulties. ."

"It can be said unceremoniously that apart from the powerhouses of our four major forces, other powerhouses do not seem to have the opportunity to enter the depths of the Soul Valley to approach the Acacia tree." Song Lanfeng laughed.

"Then what?" Xiao Yan heard and continued to ask, if this Song Lanfeng was just here to play Ma Wei, then I'm afraid she has found the wrong person.

"In the depths of the Soul Valley, is the place where the Acacia tree came. Now the Acacia tree has not completely arrived, but this strange Acacia power has blocked most of the strong. In addition to the shots of our four major forces, now We are the only ones who can enter the depths of Soul Valley."

"And in the depths of the Soul Valley, there is a river. The river is extremely strange. No one can step into it. Even the other methods of escaping are useless. Only the power of the soul is useful."

"I heard that you have a fairyland soul, and now that you see it, it is true."

"If you want, I can take you directly to the edge of the acacia tree. In exchange, you have to help me decipher that weird river. As for the ownership of the acacia tree, it's up to you." After a while, Song Lanfeng smiled sweetly. .

"no problem."

"Please lead the way." Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard this. After all, in this Soul Valley, with the blessing of Acacia, the power of those soul beasts will become more powerful. If Xiao Yan walks around here alone , maybe it will waste a lot of precious time.

And the powerhouses of the four major forces may have already cleared a way to enter the depths of the Soul Valley It is a time-saving and labor-saving thing, why not do it.

"I warn you in advance, don't play tricks, the Acacia tree can only be owned by our Soul Que." As soon as he finished speaking, Song Lan turned into a stream of light, heading towards the depths of the Soul Valley.

Xiao Yan followed closely, but Xiao Yan discovered that Song Lanfeng's movement route had cleverly avoided the traces of many powerful soul beasts in Soul Valley, so he came directly to the core of Soul Valley.

Soul Valley core.

At this time, there are already three men standing here. The three men's figures are all standing on the ground, and their eyes are all looking up at the pink light group hanging high not far away. look.

In the light group, a strong Acacia power is even more powerful!

At the same time, in front of him, there is a flat land, the flat land is about 100 meters, but at this time a circular river completely cuts off the core of the plain, and the pink light group is the land wrapped by the river. Directly above.

"Acacia tree." The figures of Xiao Yan and Song Lanfeng came here one after the other, and Xiao Yan couldn't help but said.

Xiao Yan knew clearly that in the pink light group was the so-called Acacia tree, but it just didn't come, but before the Acacia tree came, the flat ground and the river seemed to be something they had to solve.