Chapter Vol 4 1729: Xiao Yan's stubbornness!

"Xiao Yan, if I knew about today, why was it in the first place?" Fang Hao stood on the desert floor, the yellow sand filled the air, and the power of thunder emerged behind him, smiling.

This time, even Xiao Yan had a hard time flying.

"I expected it a long time ago." Xiao Yan was not surprised and smiled slightly.

He knew his own situation. I am afraid that today's situation was already doomed when he appeared in the Holy Tan of the Undying. However, in order to revive Mu Yingying, Xiao Yan must have Acacia Heartbroken, so this Longtan Tiger's Den, no matter what, must come.

And even Xiao Yan didn't know it, her senior sister Hao Ni'er was aware of the conspiracy of the Master of Soul Li, so she left behind, but Xiao Yan didn't know that.

"Now that you know, let's capture it." Fang Hao said with a smile.

There are many holy flames on Xiao Yan's body. The Master of Li Soul personally promised himself, and he could even pass on the method to his soul body to devour holy flames. All these have taken their hearts and made them completely reduced to willing thugs.

"Come on!" Xiao Yan said with a smile, his eyes became sharp, even if he was dead, Xiao Yan would not give up his struggle, because his blood originates from the blood of the Xiao family, from the blood in the depths of his soul. allow.

"Little guy, the situation is changing now. I will lend you some of my power. It will allow you to have the power of the Eight-Star Dou Xian in a short period of time, and then it's up to you."

"I have to regain my strength. I have a hunch that there will be a big move from the Lord of Souls." After the breath, Xiao Sensheng, who was hidden in Xiao Yan's soul realm, said righteously.

If the Lord of Soul Li really breaks through the reincarnation, I am afraid that what awaits them is a situation of destruction, so Xiao Sensheng must restore his strength when the Lord of Soul Li devours Acacia and Broken Enteritis, and perhaps use some terrifying means through time. , for self-protection.

Protecting Xiao Yan means protecting yourself. After all, the other nine Yamas still exist in the lines of Xiao Yan's clan. Once Xiao Yan is captured by the Lord of Li Soul, their Xiao clan may never be able to turn over, and Xiao Sensheng is the ten temple of Yama. The Hall of the Five Kings must stop this kind of thing from happening.

"Thank you senior."

"These are all hidden by the medicine pills of the juniors. Seniors, please don't refuse." In an instant, on the palm of Xiao Yan's hand, the Emperor Yanjie pushed Xiao Senshengge. It is a pity that Xiao Yan's strength is weak, but Xiao Sensheng may have a solution.

"This is... the Emperor Flame Ring?"

"Good boy."

"Then!" The ecstatic voice emerged, and immediately behind Xiao Sensheng, the black-patterned holy robe fell off, floated out of the soul realm, and went towards Xiao Yan. On the other hand, Emperor Xiao Yan's flame ring was also injected into the soul realm.

For a time, Xiao Sensheng stared at the Di Yan Ring, and the secrets on it were also discovered little by little.

"The supreme power of darkness." The palms rubbed together, touching the sacred weapon from the underworld, Xiao Yan smiled slowly, she could feel the power of the sky-reaching profoundness contained in the dark holy clothes.

"not good!"

"Hua Shao, stop him!"

"You can't let him wear this evil robe!" Seeing the evil robe that suddenly appeared in Xiao Yan's hands, Fang Hao's face suddenly shook violently, because although he had never seen the battle between Li Soul Master and Xiao Sensheng just now, But with the power of his Eight Star Fighting Immortals, he felt a genuine threat from this evil robe.

Being able to make himself in the middle of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals feel enormous pressure is enough to show the extraordinaryness of this evil attire.

"Hahaha!"

"Let me come to the head of the Hall Li Hunguard." Just as Hua Shao's armor buzzed, just as he was about to act, the silhouette of You Er floated up and instantly enveloped Hua Shao.

"damn it!"

"Left and right guardians, stop him!" Fang Hao roared when Hua Shao was temporarily stopped, and the two remaining eight-star Dou Xian early stage roared out, raising their palms and shooting at Xiao Yan. go.

The power contained in that terrifying aura turned out to be a sense of fragmentation in the entire desert void.

"Bang Bang Bang!" The seemingly tyrannical attack was completely intercepted by a dark green demonic energy.

"The two of them, leave it to me." The Black Devil Dragon Wolf stopped the terrifying blow and immediately smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Leave this **** to me." Seeing Heisha Longlang and Youer working so hard, looking at the void around their body, the brewing of the forbidden technique and the breath of the pink flame were intensifying, Xiao Yan slowly laughed.

"It's really a miscalculation, but even if you have this kind of evil thing, you can't escape today!" Seeing that the eight-star fighting immortals around him were all involved, Fang Hao roared, as for the other powerhouses and souls of the West Temple. Wei, on the other hand, stands vigilantly around the desert hinterland, keeping the protection here tight.

The battles of the eight-star fighting immortals, not the six-star fighting immortals or even a few seven-star fighting immortals, can participate, but once there are any changes in the three battles, these elites will become real knives and axemen, and the losers will be completely eliminated. beheaded.

"Black-patterned holy clothes!"

"Add body!" Seeing the current situation, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, bit the corner of his mouth suddenly, pointed his index finger up to the sky, a drop of scarlet blood scattered from the index finger, and immediately dripped onto the black-patterned holy robe.

"Tick-tock-tick!" A heart-shattering voice filled the air, and immediately the black-patterned holy robe, like a black robe, seemed to have been pulled by some kind of special pull. Xiao Yan's body is wrapped around Xiao Yan's body.

At the same time, Xiao Yan's strength has also skyrocketed from the Four Star Fighting Immortal!

Five Star Fighting Immortals...

Six Star Fighting Immortal...

...

It took a few breaths to reach the initial stage of Eight Star Fighting Immortal before it slowly stopped.

"Humph."

"With the help of the increase of evil things, it has only reached the initial stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian, and it is still a tasteless strength."

"And even if you reach the Eight-Star Dou Xian, so what?"

"My dignified Eight-Star Dou Xian mid-term strength has been in existence for a hundred years. I have mastered and understood the power of Eight-Star Dou Xian, so that the fighting skills that I have mastered are not comparable to those of you, a hairy boy?"

"The clown jumping beam, no matter how he swings, he can't turn the sky, because he is always the clown jumping beam." Fang Hao smiled, looking at Xiao Yan being protected by evil black clothes, like a real **** of war.

But so what?

It's just a vain appearance, and it can't help but take a blow.

"That may not be the case." Xiao Yan knew the current situation, his eyes tightened, and he sneered.

Because what Fang Hao said is true, even now with the help of Xiao Sensheng, his strength has temporarily skyrocketed to the early stage of Eight-star Dou Xian, but if he wants to face Fang Hao in the middle stage of Eight-star Dou Xian, the gap is too great, whether it is combat power. Control is still the power of fighting skills, so Xiao Yan knows his weaknesses, but Xiao Yan also knows his strengths.

Because Fang Hao forgot that he was the master of the holy flame!

And that extremely terrifying holy flame is not one, but three... or even four!

In the past, Xiao Yan had many scruples, and he never really fused with the holy flame, and even did not display the strongest fighting skills under the fusion of all the holy flames!

Holy flame, Buddha's wrath fire lotus.

That was Xiao Yan's last and strongest support.

Moreover, Xiao Yan is confident enough to use his strength in the early stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal to perform the fusion of holy flames, not to mention Fang Hao in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal, even if he is the Lord of Li Soul, he still has enough prestige!