Chapter Vol 4 1796: God's prophecy, the strange Eternal Ancient Ruler! ...

"Ray comes."

"Zizzi!" Reggie was obviously not going to let Xiao Yan go, and looking at his fierce attack, he was obviously not going to release water, he wanted to completely obliterate Xiao Yan with one blow.

"The lightning attribute of the initial level of Seven Star Fighting Immortals..."

"Huhu, it's really a strong enemy." Looking at Lei Ji surrounded by black and red thunder in front of him, Xiao Yan could smell a thunderous destruction and evil intention from it. The fluctuation of that level, even at his peak at this time. During this period, I am afraid that only serious injuries can be managed reluctantly. If I am a little careless, I am afraid that my situation will be extremely miserable.

"But... still have to try."

"And that thing seems to have an extremely important position for me." After a while, Xiao Yan's body rose and fell violently. The amber-colored holy flame was like a flame elf, beating violently, and he seemed to feel the black-red thunder. Terrifying power, the amber flame burned violently, completely igniting this gloomy space.

"Die!" Seeing Xiao Yan's actions like this, Lei Ji raised his palm, and countless black and red thunderbolts all over his body suddenly gathered towards his palm, and an evil thunder palm appeared quietly.

"Soul Shadow!" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and his strength has skyrocketed to the late stage of Six-Star Dou Xian. With the addition of the blessings of dual realms and Dou Spirit, a heavy weight still pervades.

"Mingsha Profound Palm!" Seeing Xiao Yan struggling like an ant, Leiji smiled and raised his palm. Suddenly, a dignified oppression by the power of heaven and earth emerged, even the black-red thunder evil palm. Under the gaze of Xiao Yan, the flow of Dou Qi in Xiao Yan's body became slow.

"Soul power!"

"The Pattern of Domination!"

"Stop it for me!" Seeing the overwhelming attack, Xiao Yan snorted coldly and tried his best to resist it.

"Boom!" The incomparably hot flame energy spread like spring water, but it was obviously too reluctant to be able to see Xiao Yan's figure and the rapid collapse.

"Crackling." With a sound, a harsh sound of metal collision appeared in this strange space.

"What is this?"

"Can you actually resist my attack?" Reggie looked at the mysterious item at the center of the explosion with an incredible look. His attack just now was enough to obliterate any six-star Douxian Perfection level powerhouse. How could this be?

"This is... the ancient ruler of different fires?" And Xiao Yan's soul power suddenly emerged. He was just preparing to deal with the next attack, but when he saw the ancient ruler of different fires, his mind suddenly shrank. , a panic emerged.

"Weng Om!" At this moment, the splendid Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler is very different from the past. It is tall and majestic suspended in the mid-air of the field, like a rainbow, with 22 different patterns of different colors like tiny divine patterns, tightly Fitting the ruler, the breath on the ancient ruler of different fires suddenly became completely different from before.

"Is it a fairy weapon... but the breath doesn't seem right." At this moment, Reggie also noticed the ancient ruler of different fire, and immediately opened his mouth coldly. The gorgeous flame pattern on the heavy ruler seemed to contain the power of endless majesty. , Even if it is his strength, he dare not underestimate it.

"No... This level of fluctuation is definitely not an immortal weapon."

"Amber Rock Soul Fire, give it to me!" At the next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils flickered uncertainly. In combination with the past, his palm slowly rubbed the heavy ruler on top of his palm, and a resonance continued to emerge from the ruler, as if Xiang Xiao Yan asks for something in general, and is extremely greedy.

"This is?"

"Holy Flame Fire?"

"Susu." Seeing Xiao Yan revealing his trump card completely, Leiji's eyes became gloomy, and the black-red thunder field filled the air, completely wrapping the two of them.

"Boom!" With Xiao Yan's attack, after the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng was injected with the amber rock soul fire after the fusion of the four-color holy flames, the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng had already erased the flames of Yihuo because of Xiao Yan. The twenty-two different fire patterns seem to have been injected with endless nutrient vitality, becoming clear and conspicuous, and even a strong aura that surpasses the heavens and the earth, completely diffused.

"I can't see that you actually have the existence of holy flames, and the ranking of holy flames doesn't seem to be low."

"And this heavy ruler should also be a good thing."

"Boy, it is your honor to be able to fall into my hands. Let me inherit this kind of thing for you."

"Hahaha!" In the black-red realm, countless thunders were squirming on the ground like a swamp, and every squirming would bring forth an extremely terrifying aura. The power of that level of thunder was outrageous!

"It really means that!"

"Here comes the ruler!" At this moment, Xiao Yan's palm was wrapped in amber holy flame, and Hua Li tightly held the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in a strange state.

"Boom!"

"Stop for me!" Just after holding the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, a strong repulsion came from the ruler. That repulsive force directly shook Xiao Yan's internal organs up and down, and his aura became chaotic. .

"Feng Jue!" At the moment of crisis, Xiao Yan closed his eyes and rested his mind. The most mysterious exercises in his body started to work, and the battle qi and holy flames that had been tempered by Fen Jue converged towards the ancient ruler of the eternal fire. Immediately, the different fire constant ancient ruler slowly returned to calm.

However, at this time, the Eternal Fire of Eternal Fire had obviously caused some changes due to the fire of Xiao Yan's holy flame.

"I don't have time to accompany you to waste time here, let's make a move to decide the outcome." Holding the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, Xiao Yan only felt that a steady stream of power was coming from the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng. Flowing out from above, constantly nourishing his body, it seems that if he cuts at will, he can obliterate Reggie.

At this moment, Xiao Yan felt that he was the **** of death who held the power of life and death.

"What the **** is this guy doing?" At this moment, Leiji also smelled a supreme power that was not inferior to him from Xiao Yan, and his heart twitched.

I don't know why, when looking at the heavy ruler with twenty-two flame patterns in Xiao Yan's hand, an extremely uneasy fluctuation made his eyelids jump violently, and the twenty-two flame patterns were like ancient words, in Under the baking of Xiao Yan's amber flame, it slowly condenses, and in a short period of time, it will evolve into an unknowable mysterious force!

"Pretend to be a ghost!"

"Thunder penalty!"

"Nine Evil Thunder Punishment!" Looking at such a strange Xiao Yan Lei Ji's body, black and red thunders continued to transform, and finally turned into a total of nine black and red thunder beams, filling his body!

On top of each thunder beam, there are dense black and red lines. Those lines are like evil lines drawn at will by the **** of evil. It seems that every line contains the evil power to obliterate all living beings.

"I count on you."

"Boom!" Xiao Yan opened his mouth softly, with a calmness in his voice, and said to the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in the palm of his hand,

"Weng buzzing!" As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, a burst of dazzling light and sound erupted from the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire. fusion.

"This is... the holy pattern?"

"Artifact?"

"How is that possible???" At this moment, countless thunderbolts trembled in the entire Thunder Domain. They were frightened, fearful, and trembling, and the root cause was the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire Heng in Xiao Yan's hands!

At this time, Xiao Yan seemed to be in the middle of some kind of special insight. He only felt that his mind was dizzy. It seemed that an ancient voice, like a real god's mansion, kept echoing in his mind.

The holy pattern shines in the world, the evil is surging in the world, the gods are beginning to appear, the demons appear in the world, and the war begins!

This is a prophecy, and it is also the belief of the entire world!