Chapter Vol 4 1233: The speculation of the disappearance of the Xiao clan!

"How are things going?" Ghost Soul had just returned to the first floor of the prison, and suddenly the phantom of the Soul Eater Lord slowly stood on the Soul Eater Talisman, and then asked Ghost Soul.

"Lord, Lord Xiao Yan has settled down."

"I believe that with the Earth Dragon's blood crystals and blood ponds, they will definitely be reborn in the near future." Ghostly Soul said with a smile.

"It's so good." The Soul Eater also said with a gratified smile.

"Lord, there is a question that I haven't quite understood." The next moment, looking at the Soul Eater who was in a somewhat happy mood, Gloomy Soul said softly, as if he was afraid of disturbing the leisure and elegance of the Soul Eater.

"What's the matter, tell me." The Soul Eater asked when he heard the words.

"Why did the Xiao clan mysteriously disappear overnight?"

"Even the vassal race behind it was wiped out overnight." Ghostly Soul asked in a low voice.

What is the existence of the Xiao Clan?

The Xiao Clan was the top five transcendental forces in the entire Human World before, and even with the countless vassal races behind it, their strength was unfathomable.

But even the tyrannical Xiao Clan disappeared mysteriously on the night just after the First World War!

Even the countless vassal races behind him disappeared along with him, and with all these, many humans speculated that the Xiao clan was mutinous!

Could it be that, as some human beings thought, their battle with the aliens was just to fool humans. After defeating the aliens, they went to the aliens overnight with all the vassal forces behind them. This is enough to explain the strangeness of the Xiao family. reason for disappearance.

But if this is the case, then why did the Xiao clan go to great lengths to fight with the foreign evil clan? With the strength of the Xiao clan, if they partnered with the foreign evil clan, I am afraid it would be a real disaster in the world.

However, Gloomy Soul Son obviously won't believe this kind of statement. After all, no matter what, the Xiao clan's hatred for the foreign evil clan during the war between the heavens and the earth, and all the power they used to deal with the foreign evil clan, and so on, It was enough to show that the Xiao Clan could not defect to them at all.

And if the Xiao clan would not go to the evil clan outside the realm, why would they disappear in a single night?

You must know that the power of the Xiao Clan alone is enough to equal half of their Soul Eater Domain, or even the top combat power, Soul Eater Domain cannot compare with the Xiao Clan.

In the battle of heaven and earth, the spirit of the Xiao clan, who are not afraid of death, is always at the forefront of the battle, almost resisting the most tyrannical enemy, killing countless foreign evil clans, and at the same time suffering heavy losses, but they did so. Xiao Clan, why did they disappear?

Moreover, the Xiao Clan had just disappeared, and the strong people in the center of the human world also stood up to spread rumors, which made the ghostly soul a little puzzled.

The center of the human world is probably more or less related to the disappearance of the Xiao clan, but there is no conclusive evidence, and no one dares to say it.

"This matter, not only you are puzzled, but even many of us are puzzled."

"The Xiao family's power is too huge. If they want to annex them overnight, I am afraid that only the centers of all circles in the seven worlds can do this."

"After all, at the center of each world, there are countless overlords of that world." The Soul Eater shook his head and said.

"As for the vassal races you mentioned disappearing, I'm afraid it's not that simple," said Soul Eater Zaidu.

"Xiao Clan, it's really a pity, when their Xiao Clan's fighting **** was in the war between heaven and earth, in order to deal with the real king of the foreign evil clan, he almost fell."

"The Xiao family paid so much for Daqian World, but ended up disappearing in a mysterious and strange way."

"Really..." Ghostly Soul's soul power slowly exuded a trace of regret.

"Hey, although the Xiao Clan has fallen, and many forces have vaguely guessed that the disappearance of the Xiao Clan is probably secretly planned by some Supreme Beings in the Seven Realms."

"But if Xiao Yan grows up, these things are just floating clouds."

"Although there are many forces that hate the Xiao Clan, the Xiao Clan's hospitable and simple character allows them to have more allies than we imagined in the vast world. Once Xiao Yan grows up, summon those allies, and then the time comes. In this vast world, I am afraid there will be a very exciting scene."

"And at that time, I'm afraid it will be the real time to solve the secret of the disappearance of the Xiao clan." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"However, although the Xiao clan was completely wiped out and disappeared, the guardian who guarded the Xiao clan remained."

"They seem to know something." Ghostly Soul said with a slow smile.

"I remember that the guardian of the Xiao family has been moving, and he has no fixed place, as if he is avoiding someone's pursuit." There was a strange fluctuation in the eyes of the Lord of Soul Eater, and he said slowly.

"By the way, Yama of the Tenth Palace has not disappeared. They are obviously seriously injured and are now recuperating in Xiao Yan's body." The Lord of Soul Eater spoke up.

"what?"

"Ten Temple Yama?" When the Master of Soul Eater said so, You Soul Child couldn't help but be surprised.

The Ten Temple Yama, this is the most noble power of the guardian lineage of the Xiao clan.

Yama of the Ten Halls is impressively ten strong men!

The prestige of these ten powerhouses, even the ghost sons, is still vivid in his mind. In the war between heaven and earth, Yama of the Ten Temples has been following the Xiao clan, killing countless foreign evil clans.

Among the Ten Hall Yamas, there are many who are weaker than themselves, and some are more powerful than themselves, but among the Ten Hall Yamas, the strongest will not surpass the Soul Eater Lord. After all, Ten Hall Yamas are only the guardians of the Xiao clan. And the Lord of Soul Eater is the true supreme of the three domains of the ghost world.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The strength of Yama of the Ten Halls should not be underestimated. Even in my peak period, there is not much chance of winning against ten of them at the same time."

"This time, I will go to the main domain of Li Soul Domain, and I will try to wake up the Tenth Palace Yan Luo, just to ask about the secret of the disappearance of the Xiao Clan."

"Although I don't know the Xiao family very well, the courage shown by the Xiao family to deal with the evil people outside the territory and the quality shown by this little guy Xiao Yan now make me quite fond of this family." The Lord of Soul Eater said with a smile. .

"Everything is up to the Lord." Hearing the words, Ghost Soul said slowly and solemnly.

"The matter of the Xiao family is like this first..."

"You take this Soul Eater Talisman and go look for Ni Er. I believe she will understand what you said after seeing the Soul Eater Talisman."

"And with the blessing of the Soul Eater Talisman, if you want to break through this seal, it's a matter of course." After the Lord of Soul Eater finished, the Soul Eater Talisman was directly cut off by him, and then went to the soul of the ghost son. .

"Lord, this thing is yours..." Seeing this, the ghostly soul child was hurriedly shocked.

Lord of Soul Eater, Soul Eater Talisman!

If there is no Soul Eater Talisman, how can it be called the Lord of Soul Eater?

"Don't worry, with this guy Xiao Yan, I don't need to take action for the time being." The Soul Eater said Zaidu.

"My subordinates obey." Hearing the words, Ghost Soul did not refuse, and carefully put the Soul Eater Talisman into his body.

"Next, let's wait for this little guy to successfully exit the customs." The Soul Eater Lord lowered his voice slightly, his eyes seemed to penetrate the restraints of space, and he slowly saw where Xiao Yan was in the distance.

five more today

12/15/16/17/18