Chapter Vol 4 2183: Dominate the body, the righteousness of the Zen master!

"Boom!"

The vast water curtain set off turbulent waves, and the lightning and thunder seemed unusually turbulent, making the residents of the entire Yuanhai Continent uneasy, and their eyes were cast towards the sea immortal sect invariably.

On the sea surface that has always been calm and calm, countless dark auras and sky-shattering blue lights emerged, as if two peerless beasts were fighting with each other!

After a while, the two terrifying water columns ended with a victory of cyan light, and the water surface became quiet, but the continent was surging, and black thunderclouds came out densely. This kind of terrifying scene seemed to have something to do with it. Evil creatures are coming.

Such a terrifying thing happened in the lower realm, naturally it was discovered by some leisurely powerhouses in the immortal realm.

……

"Crack, click!"

The void of the world below has already been completely suppressed and sealed by the Dragon King Tyrant. For this reason, the terrifying confrontation still overflowed with a trace of power, causing the continent to be in a state of extreme panic.

"Damn... It's a little bit worse."

In the dark realm surrounded by Baxia's body, Xiao Yan's body was extremely embarrassed, and there was a trace of bright red blood on the corner of his mouth.

This guy's power is too appalling, no matter how majestic he exerts, when he is about to wake up his body, he will be completely killed by the attack of the blood-robed centipede!

If it goes on like this, I have no chance to wake up the lower body, let alone deal with the suppression of this red king!

And once failed, the tragic situation faced, even Xiao Yan's heart throbbed, and his fists clenched tightly unconsciously.

"Senior!"

Xiao Yan snorted coldly, his dark eyes rekindled with surging fighting intent, and the cyan soul shadow and amber flame on his body were displayed together!

The crisp humming sound of flames and the sound of old dragon roars are incessant.

Above the illusory energy turtle shell that was attacked by the blood-robed centipede, one after another, more magnificent cyan dragon shadows appeared and injected into it!

The combination of dragon and turtle is like a totem holy beast, extremely sacred!

"Give me a condensate!"

A dazzling blue halo erupted from the turtle shell behind him, resisting the blood-robed centipede's terrifying killing intent, Xiao Yan's arms burst with blue veins, trying to build the power to awaken the blue dragon shadow on the turtle shell, roaring furiously!

Only by awakening the cyan dragon shadow above the energy turtle shell, can this tyrannical body, which has fallen into a deep sleep and been corroded and suppressed, be completely awakened!

"Boom!"

The thunderous sound of the dragon roared out, and all the energy Xiao Yan had brewed, with the help of the energy turtle shell, suddenly turned into a huge dragon king in this void!

Dominate the Dragon King!

The Baxia Dragon King is different from ordinary dragons. Its cyan turtle shadow is entrenched in winding, and its limbs are depicted with an endless ancient breath. A contempt swept out from the turtle's eyes!

However, the limbs of the Turtle Shadow Dragon King are covered with pieces of blue dragon scales, and the turtle shell on his body exudes endless coldness, cold and strong!

"go!"

With this step, Xiao Yan showed a slight smile at the corner of his mouth, and immediately slapped the palm of his hand heavily. The Dragon King of Turtle Shadow rose up into the air, and countless cyan divine lights shot out sharply, blasting away at the body of the tyrant's lower body at the edge!

Under such extreme surging divine power, the entire dark realm was restless and seemed to collapse at any time.

"Want to wake up Ba Xia's body?"

"You're underestimating me too much!"

"Boundary of Blood Clothes!"

The palm of the blood-robed centipede surging, and the scarlet blood print burst out, shooting away at the turtle shadow dragon king.

"Hoohoho!"

The Turtle Shadow Dragon King whistled towards Ba Xia's body. Facing this attack from the blood-robed centipede, the Turtle Shadow swelled up and looked incomparably sturdy, and the turtle's eyes flickered with a horrified aura, contempt!

"Pfft!"

When the two touched, the attack was submerged, and it turned into countless energy ripples.

"not good!"

"Break down the body..."

The Blood Clothed Centipede watched the countless blue light threads falling around him, and even a long and heavy breath came to his senses, his pupils sunk suddenly, and his sharp voice was particularly harsh.

"bingo!"

Seeing the panic-stricken blood-robed Hou Zun, Xiao Yan let out a relieved smile. Immediately, his body moved, and he came to the edge in an instant. His palm suddenly grasped the cyan turtle shell.

With this grip, the blue tortoise shell of Ba Xia's body shrank rapidly, lingering on Xiao Yan's arm, but a surging force, like the breath of the terrifying waves gushing out from the abyss, was extremely surging!

Above the cyan-colored tyrant's lower body, one after another dragon shadows emerged, and the dragon shadows appeared cyan all over the body, but the cyan dragon scales all over his body were like living creatures, exuding an incomparably majestic and terrifying aura!

"Separate the holy flame, come out!"

With a big wave of Xiao Yan's hand, he summoned the amber flames. Suddenly, the amber flames slowly dispersed, and the five flames of each color quietly filled the space.

The power of fused holy flames is not bad, but on the contrary, their powers are noisy with each other. To deal with foreign evil races, only by separating holy flames and using the most primitive holy flames' respective source powers can it be possible to completely suppress them!

"Five... five holy flames?"

Seeing the strange flames that surrounded Xiao Yan like five petals, the blood-robed centipede's pupils turned out to be filled with an astonishing chill, and his voice became trembling!

How could such a precious holy flame in such a thousand worlds actually appear five on a human boy?

With the power of the five holy flames added to the lower body, the aura in the blood-robed centipede couldn't help but be frightened.

"Death to this deity!"

Seeing Xiao Yan's terrifying attack, the blood-robed centipede roared, the **** aura roared out, and endless power emerged to suppress Xiao Yan.

"Donor, the sea of ​​suffering is boundless, turning back is the shore."

"Put down the butcher knife and become a Buddha on the spot."

While speaking, the Zen master's body burned, all the power of reincarnation and the golden Buddha's light flourished, all merged into the relic, and blasted away at the blood-robed centipede.

"Senior righteousness."

Xiao Yan looked at the righteousness of the Zen master. When the attack on the palm of his hand was intensifying and brewing, his body burned with determination, and a strange flame cauldron emerged, controlling the five holy flames, and pouring into the lower body of the tyrant.

For a while, the five-colored holy flame candles beat violently in the originally empty lower body.

When the five-colored flames penetrated into Ba Xia's body, the old aura spread out along with the sacred power of the holy flame terrifying power, instantly destroying all the dark parasites left here.

"Blood clothes, eat the sky!"

The blood-robed centipede faced the Zen master's life-threatening blow, his whole body trembled violently, and then the blood-colored windbreaker roared, and the entire body turned into a huge evil shadow that exceeded a thousand feet.

That is the blood-colored evil centipede, the centipede!

However, the evil centipede transformed by the blood-robed Hou Zun has just appeared in a sea of ​​blood tumbling all over its body.

"Crack!"

The golden relic is infinitely powerful, and it is as brilliant as the scorching sun and burns away at the evil centipede. Unfortunately, when it is close to the latter, a hundred feet surging, the brilliance of the golden relic is rapidly weakening, and a feeling of fragmentation follows. .

"Crack!"

The blood shadow centipede burst into a sky-shattering ray of blood, hitting the golden relic directly. The golden relic was like a bleak star, buzzing, and it actually shattered after it breathed.

Zen master, he died, but he bought enough time for Xiao Yan.

"Master of the Holy Flame... Now it's your turn!"

After the Zen master's life-threatening blow was resolved, the blood-colored centipedes surged in unison, turning the sealing barrier of the 10,000-meter sea area upside down, with faint traces of shattering.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: