Chapter Vol 2 788: 3 monsters on the island

"It's here." Xiao Yan and the others rode the sea monsters, and they came to Moonlight Island in a short time.

And the sea monster also stopped quite interestingly.

"How do we get through this?" Mu Feng couldn't help but say.

At this time, they are already in the sky. It is forbidden to step in the air here, and it is still some distance away from entering Moonlight Island. If they jump directly over, I am afraid they will fall directly.

"Sea Warcraft!" Xiao Yan immediately snorted coldly.

After Xiao Yan's roar ended, the sea monster reluctantly created a blue road leading to Moonlight Island.

"This guy, really..." Seeing this, Mu Feng couldn't help but snorted coldly, obviously this sea monster is too...

"Let's go." Xiao Yan ignored it and said directly.

"Yes." After everyone heard the words, they walked slowly.

After a while, several people all left the body of the sea monster, and then came to a dark path.

"It should be Moonlight Island from here."

"This is dangerous, everyone, be careful." Xiao Yan reminded aloud.

I don't know why, since approaching this Moonlight Island, the holy flame in Xiao Yan's heart has become vaguely restless.

And the source of this restlessness is the Moonlight Island and the Guanghan Island.

However, Xiao Yan did not think that this was the attraction of the opposite **** of the power of holy flame. After all, holy flame was so precious. If it was so easy to find another holy flame, I am afraid that Xiao Yan would wake up laughing in his dreams.

And the source of Xiao Yan Shengyan's restlessness is the fire of life and death.

"Let's go!" After hearing the words, several people nodded secretly. They all knew that the mission of this trip was to assist Yueru to obtain a complete inheritance, and by the way, to help Xiao Yan obtain the fire of life and death. Don't force it.

"The atmosphere on Moonlight Island is hot..." A few people just stepped into the path, and they laughed and said first.

"I feel it." At this moment, Yue Ru's beautiful eyes flickered with a hint of stubbornness. Obviously, the temperature made her a little uncomfortable. After all, in the team at this time, Yue Ru's strength has been stuck in the five-star battle because of her status as the inheritor. God is complete.

"Dong dong dong!" As Xiao Yan and his party entered, the path gradually became clearer.

Everyone saw that it was a road paved with countless marble-like white stones, and the stone steps were step by step.

"There won't be a mechanism, right?" Mu Feng suddenly said.

"Probably not." Xiu stood up and said at the time of 70% off. After all, he's all here, and I'm afraid no one will set up any more mechanisms.

"There is no mechanism, let's go." Xiao Yan used his soul power to investigate the inside and outside of this path, and then spoke.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Strange, this Moonlight Island seems to be a bit special." At this moment, a lot of sweat beads appeared on Yueru's forehead, and the mysterious rune on that forehead appeared involuntarily, obviously it was called by something.

"What's wrong?" Xiao Yan asked immediately upon seeing this.

"I don't know, it tells me that there seems to be something it needs in Moonlight Island." The next moment, Yueru spoke slowly, as for the one in Yueru's mouth, it was obviously the inheritance rune!

"Has what it needs?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words. Xiao Yan knew very little about the secret of the inheritance of runes, so he had no idea for a while.

"It should be true."

"It is said that when some inheritors approach the inheritance place, the inheritance rune at the center of the eyebrows will guide them to find something."

"That will greatly improve the chance of success in inheritance." Qinxin stood up and said at this time.

"There's another matter." Mu Feng heard the words and nodded secretly. Mu Feng didn't know much about Qin Xin, but Mu Feng was one, and Qin Xin was not very personable.

"It's okay, we'll be together when the time comes."

"It happens to have the rune on your forehead to guide the way, it shouldn't be difficult to find it." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Let's go, it's almost the exit." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he left the path first, and then walked towards the light mouth.

"I'm really curious about what's going on in Moonlight Island." Leng Fuyao said with some eagerness to try, and followed up.

It's just that everyone didn't pay attention. On the path that everyone walked before, an old man with a cane in his hand stepped out of the marble, and then stared at Xiao Yan and his group who were far away, and said slowly: " It's actually a person who has the fate of the fairy moon fairy..."

"Moreover, one person has to possess the wonders of heaven and earth like holy flame."

"It seems that Fairy Moon's disciple has been saved now."

"However, these guys came to Moonlight Island to find something. Let's let the three monsters on the island meet you first." After the old man finished speaking, he returned to peace.

"What a vast land." Xiao Yan and his party left the path and came to the Moonlight Island.

Moonlight Island is not as narrow as they thought. Moonlight Island extends in all directions and is extremely wide, probably much larger than the entire wasteland.

There is surprisingly no sun on Moonlight Island, and some are just a silver moon suspended in the sky, as if there is no distinction between day and night, which is extraordinarily strange, but this Moonlight Island is full of lush vegetation, which is obviously a geomantic treasure.

"It's really strange here, there is no sun." Leng Fuyao said slightly.

As a disciple of the Burning Incense Pavilion and a pharmacy refiner, Leng Fuyao's attribute is naturally the fire attribute, and the fire attribute is obviously a little bit stronger under the sun, but in the current environment, it is natural to feel a chill.

"This Moonlight Island is really big. I don't know where to find the fire of life and death." Xiao Yan was also quite helpless because he had used his soul power to try to scan the circle, but Xiao Yan was surprised to find that , the power of his own soul could not cover the huge area of ​​Moonlight Island, so he had to give up his idea immediately.

"Let's walk around and have a look." Without sensing, Xiao Yan said like a headless fly.

"I seem to remember."

"This is the owner of the ruins named Fairy Moon, and the mark on my forehead was planted by Fairy Moon."

"There is an extremely outstanding disciple under Fairy Moon, and there is also a Jade Rabbit with Fairy Moon, but Fairy Moon didn't know why she disappeared, and only this relic was left. As for her, the outstanding disciple and Yutu's whereabouts are also unknown." Yueru said suddenly.

"Inheriting the information about the runes..." Xiao looked at the dark runes on Yueru's forehead, and immediately knew that what Yueru said at this time was naturally a message passed to her by the mysterious runes.

"And there doesn't seem to be that female disciple or Jade Rabbit on this Moonlight Island. What's here are just some panacea and some weirdos." Yueru said at the end.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan did not sell the block. Now they can only go on by relying on the news of the inheritance rune. They just waited until the inheritance rune faded and asked Yueru.

"It's okay, let's go, I think, I should know where the fire of life and death is." Yueru's face was slightly ugly, but she still said to Xiao Yan.

Ask for tickets!

Today's ninth update, I really can't figure it out, and I haven't saved the manuscript, sorry.