Chapter : The 57th evil tool, the poisonous demon bell

The power of swallowing is mysterious and unpredictable. It is said that the Lord of Soul Eater relies on this mysterious power to unify the Soul Eater Domain.

And the name of the Lord of Soul Eater, even among the evil races outside the territory, is famous, not for anything else, just because of the power of devouring!

This devouring power, not to mention the mere emperor-level powerhouses, even the real king-level powerhouses among the extraterritorial evil clans, may be quite difficult, because no powerhouse can crack this bizarre devouring power. , And with the power of devouring, the Lord of Soul Eater can devour all things for his own use, and stand in an invincible position.

"Damn it..." Looking at the retreating Poison Demon Queen in the sky, Earth Poison just wanted to capture Xiao Yan and use it to threaten the Soul Eater, but the devouring power around him was too strong to protect him. Too tyrannical, so I can only give up.

"Give up resistance." Looking at the Demon Empress of Poison Temple who was constantly retreating, the figure of the human woman of the Demon Queen of Poison Temple was also slowly illusory, as if she was about to fall off, the Soul Eater said.

"Haha, this Demon Suppression Prison is not bad, but it's a pity..." Facing the tyrannical swallowing power of the Soul Eater, the Demon Empress of Poison Bracers looked at the Soul Eater with a smile and said.

"What the **** is this Demon Empress of the Poison Temple doing?" The next moment, as the voice of the Demon Queen of Poison Temple fell, the energy in the entire Demon Suppression Prison suddenly became violent, and it seemed like a stream was coming from the abyss. The demon-like breath that climbed out quickly poured out from the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison. These powers were transformed by some powerful evil things!

These breaths turned into beams of scarlet energy beams, which emerged from the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison in an instant, and then suddenly poured into the body of the Dao Poison Demon Empress, but those breaths, the weakest, were actually at the 3-star Dou Xian perfection level. Even the number of four-star fighting immortal breaths is quite large.

"Little guy, this time, I'll let you see the emperor-level powerhouses of the extraterritorial evil clan, so as to pave the way for your future path." The Lord of Soul Eater raised his head and looked at the poisonous demon with a blank expression. The latter move seems to be intentionally forcing the Demon Queen of Poison Braces to use this most powerful move. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

With the madness of the Poisonous Demon Empress, the entire Demon Suppressing Prison was suddenly filled with evil aura, and countless energy beams rushed towards her. At the same time, the aura of the Poisonous Demon Empress was also visible to the naked eye. Climbing up!

Originally, the strength of the Poison Demon Empress who had just broken the seal was only in the early stage of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal, but with the infusion of countless evil auras in the Demon Suppression Prison, that aura actually skyrocketed in an instant!

The middle stage of Six Star Fighting Immortals...

Later...

Six Star Fighting Immortal is complete!

"Master of Soul Eater, in today's battle, your prestige really proves that you are the great enemy of our alien race. I really can't beat you."

"But this empress wants to leave, but no one has ever stopped me!" As the strength soared to the six-star Dou Xian consummation in an instant, the Demon Empress of Poison Brahma flashed with an unusually dazzling turquoise aura, even the pupils of the eyes. , the strange color of turquoise burst out with a deadly venom!

"Cough!" Even with the protection of the Devouring Power of the Soul Eater, Xiao Yan felt a tingling in his scalp at this time. The poisonous aura contained in the body of this six-star Douxian Demon Empress with perfect strength might be able to Easily kill yourself.

"Six-star Fighting Immortal is only complete, if you only have such a little strength, I am afraid that you still can't get rid of your fall today." The Lord of Soul Eater smiled, his eyes staring, as if looking at ants.

"Hahaha!"

"Sacrifice to the evil!" In an instant, the body of the human woman of the Poisonous Demon Empress suddenly shattered, and a behemoth wrapped in turquoise light burst out!

That kind of creature, even in Xiao Yan's experience, has never been seen before. The body of the Poisonous Demon Empress is actually a monster with a human head and a beast body!

The human head, the upper body has the same angular facial features as a human being, but the lower body has scales and countless evil tentacles, but its specific appearance is blocked by the green light, and Xiao Yan can't see it clearly.

At the same time, on the palm of the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple, an incomparably evil aura was lingering, and a rather small silver light spot slowly emerged. But the whole presents a circle, like an evil shield.

"That is……"

"Evil equipment?" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, as if he saw something that scared him!

"The so-called evil tool is a treasure that can only be possessed by the strong among the evil tribes outside the territory."

"Evil equipment is an evil product that has been injected with countless evil powers and combined with countless lives and blood. Every evil equipment has an extremely tyrannical power."

"And there are many kinds of evil tools, maybe a weapon, maybe a personal item, but there is no doubt about the dazzling energy contained in them!"

"The evil tools are controlled by the powers of the evil tribes outside the realm. According to the statistics of the powerhouses in the world, there are seventy-seven kinds of evil tools, and even the top-ranked evil tools are as powerful as the divine tools in the world. Yes!" Seeing the evil tool emerging in the hands of the Poisonous Demon Empress, Xiao Yan's heart sank, and he remembered what his master, Soul Eater, had said to him earlier.

"The guy in the Soul Palace should be for the evil tool in the hands of the Poisonous Demon Empress, but I don't know what the ranking of this evil tool is and what kind of power it has." Xiao Yan finished speaking, but also lowered his voice and slowly stared at the sky. The battle of the top powerhouses.

"Are you finally willing to use the evil tool?" Seeing that the Demon Empress of Poison Brac did not hold back, she directly squeezed the evil tool in her hand, and the Soul Eater immediately laughed.

"Boom!" Without paying too much attention to the Soul Eater, the Demon Empress Dusha suddenly had a monstrous demonic energy emerging from her body, and then was suddenly absorbed by the evil tool in her hand. One-fifth of the prison space was completely shrouded.

Above the magic hood, the green light is like the most deadly venom. It turned into a strange pattern, which completely paved the way on the magic hood, so that the power of the magic hood Take it to the next level!

Immediately, inside the green demonic hood, some boundless green demonic energy suddenly emerged. Those demonic energy were like a sticky sea of ​​demons. They just emerged, and the countless breaths in this town demonic prison immediately worshipped them. Even some of the powerhouses who have fallen into the Demon Suppression Prison are also wailing. Obviously, the attacks contained in this level of magic cover are far beyond what ordinary powerhouses can handle.

"Tsk tsk... It turns out that the evil tool in your hand is actually the 57th-ranked 'Evil Poison Bell'." Looking at the demonic hood that was nearly a thousand feet tall, the Soul Eater suddenly flashed a trace of concern in his heart, his own strength , Because of the damage to the soul, I can only barely cope with some six-star fighting immortals, and breaking the sky is only at the initial level of the seven-star fighting immortals, and the attack of the poisonous Demon Empress at this level has already reached the peak of a complete six-star fighting immortal. , it is not difficult for him to kill her, but the Earth Poison Bracer is eyeing him, and he must devote a bit of strength to protect Xiao Yan, so the Soul Eater at this time finally flashed a bit of solemnity in his heart.

Not for anything else, because this demonic poison clock ranked fifty-seventh has an extremely strong defensive power. With the current self, I am afraid it will take some time to crack it. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Susu!"

"Humble human beings, next time we meet again, the powerhouses of the evil clan outside our realm, you will definitely step down your soul-devouring realm, and take the shame of today!" Displaying such a dazzling demonic hood, the aura of the Poison Temple Demon Empress suddenly wilted. Going down, it was as if this magic hood had taken away all her magic.

"Didusha, let's go!" As soon as the voice fell, the body of the poisonous demon queen was restored to a human woman, and then she took the poisonous brake, and turned towards the shattered void somewhere in the Demon Suppression Prison!

There, it is a passage leading to the outside world of Demon Suppression Prison!