Chapter Vol 4 1241: Hero saves beauty

"Boy, don't be afraid to flash your tongue when the wind is blowing!"

"Since you want to die, then I will fulfill you!"

"Tulai!" Deacon Ye looked at Xiao Yan's extremely arrogant aura, and let out a loud shout, and then the dazzling khaki-yellow aura slowly attached to his body.

"He is an earth-type powerhouse, his strength has reached the middle stage of two-star Dou Xian, and his fighting skills are also quite powerful. Be careful, sir." The injured woman cast a glance at Xiao Yan in black robe, her eyebrows turned slightly.

I don't know why, this Xiao Yan's strength hidden under the black robe, he can't even see through it, and there is even a sense of fear, and he doesn't know where it comes from.

"You can rest in peace, I can deal with this guy." Xiao Yan looked at Deacon Ye who was agitated, without thinking much, and said something to the rear.

Xiao Yan is now a fighting spirit, the first change of the Dragon God, plus the physical strength is enough to compare with the average two-star fighting immortal late stage, if even a two-star fighting immortal mid-stage is unable to deal with it, it would be a big joke.

"Yantu!" Deacon Ye also vaguely felt that Xiao Yan's strength was not bad, so he didn't hold back and shouted loudly. The yellow sand under the feet of those few people directly formed a dazzling rock gun with a size of several dozen meters, with bursts of cold light, roaring towards Xiao Yan.

"Choke choke!" Xiao Yan didn't panic. He gently took off the ancient ruler of Heng Huoheng from his back and held it in his hand. Dou Qi also flowed out of his body, and then he stabbed the rock spear suddenly. The gun disintegrated instantly.

"Fire Element?" Seeing his tyrannical rock spear being directly broken, Deacon Ye frowned. Obviously, fire can overcome earth, and earth can overcome fire. In the case of mutual attributes, only the level of strength can decide the outcome.

"Show your true skills..."

"Otherwise, you don't even know how you died." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, but that smile made Deacon Ye chill, because there was a hint of danger in this smile.

"Boy, don't be too arrogant!" Deacon Ye looked at Xiao Yan so arrogant and couldn't help but go berserk.

"Tulai!" After drinking, the yellow sand on the ground suddenly slowly condensed under the eyes of Xiao Yan and the two of them.

"Be careful, this is the top fighting skill of the Immortal Rank, rock giant!"

"The whole body of the rock giant is composed of earth attributes. The earth attribute is extremely terrifying in terms of defense. In addition to this fighting skill, the earth consolidates people. The rock giant is offensive and defensive. It has no way." The injured woman nodded slightly and said to Xiao Yan.

Her own strength is impressively in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian, and she is also the one who has the right to speak in the family, but the food they ate yesterday was poisoned by these despicable people now, and they are no match.

And this rock giant gave her a very heavy feeling just after it appeared. In addition, Xiao Yan took the lead to save her, and the injured woman couldn't help but say.

"Don't worry." A smile slowly appeared on Xiao Yan's face hidden under the black robe.

This rock giant is indeed tyrannical. If it is just relying on its defensive power, I am afraid that ordinary two-star fighting immortals will not be its opponents, but it forgot that it is Xiao Yan that it has to deal with.

"Bang Bang!" The rock giant just appeared, and suddenly his hands slammed into his chest, letting out a roar that filled the sky, intending to tear Xiao Yan apart.

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan didn't want to waste time here, so he moved.

The Yihuo Heng ancient ruler was held directly in his hand, and a dazzling fire-red battle qi emerged, covering Xiao Yan's whole body, like a flame elf, with a very fast speed, heading towards the rock giant.

"The fire attribute...it's self-destruction."

"Rock giant, tear him apart for me!" Deacon Ye said with satisfaction as he looked at the rock giant he displayed, without worrying about Xiao Yan's actions at all, because this guy can obliterate a late two-star fighting immortal, an early two-star fighting immortal. In front of his rock giant, isn't that boy waiting to die like a weak woman with no strength?

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This guy is very strong."

"But that's it." Xiao Yan's figure moved quickly, and the next moment, he came directly in front of the rock giant and muttered slightly.

"Not good!" Seeing Xiao Yan approaching the rock giant in an instant, as if he wanted to fight the rock giant head-on, the injured woman said angrily.

"No, this guy is here to save me, and he must not be allowed to have an accident!" The injured woman looked at Xiao Yan and the rock giant facing each other at close range, as if it had already emerged in her mind. The next moment, Xiao Yan was completely photographed by the rock giant. dead situation.

"Damn...even though I took the antidote pill, my body didn't recover much vindictive qi..." The injured woman just wanted to use her vindictive qi to help Xiao Yan, but she had no choice but to give up. If she was in the past, it would only add to Xiao Yan. 's burden.

"I hope you don't have an accident..." The injured woman clenched her fists slightly and looked at Xiao Yan solemnly, while Xiao Yan was intent on dealing with the rock giant in front of him, naturally he did not know what the injured woman was thinking.

"It's almost there." Xiao Yan came to the rock giant, and then an extremely terrifying wave slowly emanated from the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire!

That kind of fluctuation is a bit like the taste of moving a ruler!

Although the rank of the moving sky ruler is not high, it is practical, whether it is used to divert an attack or an offense, plus it is a combination of offense and defense, so it is very popular with Xiao Yan.

"Heaven-shifting ruler!" In the next instant, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire on Xiao Yan's palm suddenly burst into a burst of dazzling suction and flame energy, and then, under the surprised eyes of the injured woman, shot directly at the rock giant.

"Crash!" The seemingly invincible rock giant just raised his huge palm and was about to slap Xiao Yan to death, but he was enveloped by this hundred-zhang-sized ruler, and the fiery red battle qi took the lead in destroying the rock giant. Its internal structure, the tyrannical attack of the moving sky ruler is attacking, and the combination of the two, the mighty rock giant is instantly penetrated, thus turning into boulders and falling down slowly dissipated in this piece of heaven and earth among.

"How could it be possible..." Deacon Ye saw such a scene, a stunned expression slowly appeared in his heart, and then he ran away without hesitation!

"Where to run!" Xiao Yan's soul power spread all over this loess **** when he was fighting. Just as Deacon Ye fled, a tyrannical soul attack directly blocked his retreat.

"Don't let him go!"

"Otherwise, if the news is sent back by him, we will be in big trouble!" the injured woman said hurriedly.

"Damn, what is this?" Seeing that his escape was blocked, Deacon Ye couldn't help cursing in a low voice.

"Pfft." With a sound, an incomparably huge Eternal Fire Ruler, with bursts of dazzling fiery red flames, completely pierced Deacon Ye's body.

"No..." Deacon Ye, who was just thinking about how to break the **** of his soul and escape from here, did not find Xiao Yan's fierce attack, and was immediately pierced by the ancient ruler of the different fire, thus losing all his vitality!

With Xiao Yan present, soul power and vindictiveness, Deacon Ye had no way out, and was completely obliterated by Xiao Yan without any effort!

"This guy... so strong." Looking at Deacon Ye who fell like a dead dog in the sky, the injured woman's beautiful eyes turned slightly, and she couldn't help but glance at Xiao Yan.

Three shifts today

Recommended ticket plus two more

five more

I found that my normal workload is 4-5 more every day