Chapter 499: Thunder Field Array!

"Susu, worthy of being Bamboo Ember." In the Thunder Field Array, the scarlet eyes in the black mist burst into a dazzling light, and then directly retracted the dark chain back into the black mist.

The short blow just now seemed to be a tie, but only Hei Wu knew that it was clear that he was the loser!

At this time, he was already in Zhujin's formation. In this formation, Zhujin's strength has been infinitely amplified, and I am afraid that it is close to a real Fighting Immortal powerhouse!

Half Immortal and Dou Immortal, these are completely different concepts!

A semi-immortal strong man, the power of life and death has already been born in his body. Although it blends, he has never taken that step!

Life and death are in perfect harmony!

Integrate yourself into heaven and earth!

At that time, you will be able to overturn rivers and seas on the upper plane of Doudi Continent, and throw rocks and landslides with your hands! Moreover, the birth, aging, sickness and death between heaven and earth can no longer be bound, and at that time, we can achieve the same longevity with heaven!

This is the real horror of a fighting immortal powerhouse!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Shefu, you go down and manage the infighting of your Medusa clan, it's enough to have me here!" Zhu Jin, like the **** of thunder, said slowly in the Thunder Field Array.

"Be careful, this guy is not a fuel-efficient lamp." Shefu responded, and immediately his figure burst into the air, because she knew that at this time, her fighting spirit in her body was no longer enough to support this half-immortal-level terrifying battle. Staying here will only make Zhu Jin more difficult, so he simply went down to quell the infighting of the Medusa family.

"Susu..."

"Zhu Jin, you are so confident that you want to subdue me with your own strength?" In the space where the sky was shrouded by the silver-white thunder field formation, a cloud of black mist let out a sneer.

"Lei Ting has been the nemesis of this strange black qi in you since ancient times, so I have full confidence in subduing you." Zhu Jin heard the words, and immediately did not evade, and directly appeared on the opposite side of the black fog. In that body, A perfect blend of black and **** of life and death, a black and white roe deer makes the body surrounded by the power of thunder extremely conspicuous!

"Then let's try it!"

"It's your power of thunder, or it's my soul clan!" In the strange black fog, an extreme wave suddenly appeared, and then in the terrifying black fog, three branches surrounded by dark black energy instantly appeared. Chains!

Above the chain, where the sharp blade is, there are bursts of cold light, like a magical weapon that can kill people in an instant!

"Soul clan?" With the voice coming out of the black mist, Zhu Jin's body trembled suddenly, and then calmed down again.

The word "soul clan" represents and what kind of power, Zhu Jin is very clear!

The overall strength of the Soul Clan, I am afraid that the four continents above the Dou Di Continent are the existences that many people are afraid of!

Because their soul clan is extremely mysterious, but they are very low-key, and there have never been any scandals, but every time a strong soul clan shows up, they can instantly become famous all over the world and become famous!

"damn it!"

"The strength of this man in black may be on par with me, he is only a semi-immortal strong man, but if he is really a soul clan, I am afraid even I have to be afraid of him, but how can he have such a strange black body in his body? gas?"

"This black air is clearly a ghost!"

"The attack used by this mysterious man is quite similar to that of the Soul Clan... Could it be that he is confusing people or..." Zhu Jin hesitated a little!

Because he knew that the energy of this soul clan was so great that he was afraid that in the entire Dou Di Continent, it would be a one-handed existence.

"Susu..." In the strange black mist, a pair of scarlet pupils instantly burst out with a gloomy cold light, and then the three dark chains around the body moved, the speed skyrocketed, and blasted away at the bamboo embers!

"Humph!"

"I don't care who you are, old man, this place is our territory after all!" After a brief thought, Old Zhu seemed to have made a decision and roared at the strange black mist.

As soon as Zhu Lao's words fell, the thunder power in his body quickly flowed over his body like spring water. Following this flow, a trace of black energy slowly appeared in Zhu Lao's body!

If you don't pay attention to this trace of black energy, I am afraid it will cause a lot of damage to Zhu Jin!

After doing all this, the three chains with dazzling black energy have arrived at Zhu Laoyoun, and the blades of the chains are all pointing at Zhu Lao, as if they can directly penetrate Zhu Lao's body in the next moment!

"Three thunders hit the sky!" A loud shout suddenly emerged from Zhu Lao's mouth.

The sound of terrifying coercion instantly reverberated in the entire thunder field array, making the power of thunder in this space become extremely manic!

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, countless silver-white fighting qi suddenly emerged from all directions of the Thunder Field Array, and then quickly formed directly in front of Zhu Lao!

All the power of thunder gathered in front of Zhu Lao, and then those powers of thunder seemed to have life. When they saw that the black chain had three strands, the power of thunder was instantly divided into three strands!

Saying it's too late is fast!

In a short moment, in front of the old Zhu, three dazzling thunder pillars connecting the entire space of the thunder field array appeared impressively!

"Go!" Elder Zhu knew that although he didn't know where the black mist was sacred, he must not underestimate these three chains, otherwise he would only suffer!

Following Old Zhu's order, the back of his hand swiped at the three black chains, and the three dazzling thunder pillars in front of the old Zhu suddenly swept away with a terrifying aura. , it is the three dark chains!

"Boom boom boom!" In a breath of time, the attacks of the two exploded directly in the slightest!

The three dark chains burst out with extremely harsh screams, and then above the chains, a breath of dead people permeated out, making the space of the Thunder Field Formation look a little desolate!

However, the strange black energy above the chain was slowly swallowed by the power of thunder above the thunder pillar.

As for the three pillars of thunder, when they were attacking with the black chains, the power of the thunder all over the body continued to erode the black energy, causing the black energy on the black chains. The gas is greatly reduced immediately!

"Looking at you, it seems like you can't beat me now." Seeing that his attack was successful, Zhu Lao did not smile at all, but in those eyes, he was obviously thinking about something.

"Don't be arrogant!" There was a loud shout in the black fog, and then the three dark chains and black lights that were forced to retreat, instantly suppressed the power of thunder!

"Soul Piercing Thorn!" A voice with shocking anger suddenly emerged from the black fog!

Then above the three chains, where the blade was, a strange black and **** flashed!

The traces of black and **** on the dark chain sword blade, with shocking killing intent, swept over three huge thunder pillars in an instant, and then went towards the bamboo embers behind!

"This time, let's see how you hide!" A cold snort came from the black mist.

"There seems to be something strange about this person!" Zhu Jin was also quite surprised to find that the attack of the black mist could actually flicker over his own attack, and he immediately became vigilant, because at this time, the three chains had already arrived at Zhu Jin. before!

"But... in my formation, I am the king!" A voice containing monstrous arrogance suddenly emerged from Zhu Jin's body, and a strange silver-white power instantly radiated from the body. !

"Domain?" At the next moment, a shock burst out from the originally confident black mist!

Ask for tickets!