Chapter Vol 4 1661: The tyrannical Phobos master!

"You bastard... it's bad for me!" On the other side, Xuan Yuan, who was constantly circling with You Er, looked at Xiao Yan gloomily, wishing to smash Xiao Yan into ten thousand pieces, even now, he still does not dare to I believe that why Tian Feng, who is half-step five-star fighting immortal strength, will be seriously injured by a guy in the middle stage of four-star fighting immortal.

"It seems that this time, you lost." Seeing this, You Er nodded slightly, and the illusory soul body continued to flash with tyrannical power, staring at Xuan Yuandao.

Both You Er and Xuan Yuan were the initial strength of the Five-Star Fighting Immortals, and they also had soul bodies, so the two were indistinguishable for a while, but You Er did not expect that Tian Feng was directly beaten and seriously injured by Xiao Yan.

"How's it going?" Seeing Xiao Yan killing Tian Feng with thunder, Irene asked with concern.

"I'm fine, but this little guy, why..." Xiao Yan put away the flame swallowing technique and looked at the little Zhuoma beside him, wondering.

"I don't know, she just entered here, she has been staring at the frozen jade spirit bamboo, seems to be caught in the memory..." Irene shook her head, and there was a hint of worry in her beautiful eyes.

"Be careful, that guy's strength should not be underestimated, and the feeling here is always not right." After a while, Xiao Yan looked at Xuan Yuandao who was fighting You Er in the arena.

"Ahhh!"

"Little chops!"

"I'm going to smash your corpse into tens of thousands of pieces!" Tian Feng, who was seriously injured, directly fell back to the late stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal. The ghost energy in his body was extremely disordered. It was obvious that the ghost spirit and wolf were obliterated by Xiao Yan just now. damage.

"Wong Buzz!"

"Tian Feng, since you've reached this point, then fulfill me." Looking at Tian Feng's crazy appearance, Xuanyuan's face in the distance was indifferent, a trace of fiery emerged, and the ghostly energy all over his body rolled violently, as if there was something terrifying. Volatility emerges.

"Xuanyuan!" Tian Feng heard the words, his pupils shrank tightly, as if he had sensed something, forcibly dragged the weakened soul body, and suddenly whistled towards the periphery of the Ice Palace.

"Tian Feng...what are you running!"

"Pfft." With a sound, Tian Feng's body hadn't run a few hundred meters, Xuan Yuan's body suddenly swelled hundreds of times, crossed the ice layer in one fell swoop and came to Tian Feng, and then his mouth opened and closed, Tian Feng's figure was directly surrounded by Its devoured!

"not good!"

"What!" For a while, You Er and Xiao Yan spoke at the same time, their voices full of surprise.

With the soul power of the two of them, they naturally sensed some strange fluctuations. At this time, Tian Feng seemed to be really swallowed by Xuanyuan, and Xuanyuan's aura suddenly went a step further from the early stage of Five Star Fighting Immortals.

"Weng Om!" As Xuanyuan swallowed it, a dark cloud suddenly covered the surface of its soul body, and then a violent force suddenly shook, and a gloomy wind came.

"Damn... I'm careless." You Er came to Xiao Yan's side and bowed his head.

"What would happen if he had the power of the middle stage of the Five Star Fighting Immortals?" Xiao Yan looked at You Er beside him with a solemn gaze. From the seriousness in her eyes, he could detect many things.

"In that case, I'm afraid we can only retreat... The transaction between me and you can only be broken and terminated." At this time, You Er laughed involuntarily.

"..."

"It's been calculated... but this guy, leave it to me." Xiao Yan waved his hand helplessly, and immediately took a step forward. He knew that in the battle between the two soul bodies, the stronger side had the right time and place, so only Can do it yourself.

"Crash!" After a while, the weird black fog disappeared, and a skull appeared in Xuan Yuan's hand in an illusory state. Looking closely, the skull was exactly what Tian Feng looked like, but now it has clearly lost all power. Like a puppet at the mercy of others!

At this time, a trace of pain pervaded the skull, and there was even a terrifying wave in it.

"This guy has actually eroded all Tian Feng's power and compressed it into this shape. Not only is his power about to skyrocket to the mid-five-star fighting immortal stage, but even Tian Feng's body is like what power has been added to it..." Xiao Yan took a step. He walked over to him one step at a time, his eyes solemn.

"It's only now, it's too late..." Xuanyuan's dim light pupils suddenly turned into a bewitching red, and then the illusory palms changed rapidly, and spooky and eerie forces surged.

"Hahaha!"

"All of you must die!"

"The power of the soul!" As Xuanyuan's crazy laughter fell, a **** light flashed on the back of his palm, and after a while, it poured in directly at the Tian Feng skull. At the same time, the Tian Feng skull From small to large, rapidly expanding, the look on the skull was rapidly magnified, and scenes of shocking pain continued to infiltrate, followed by an extremely strong destructive force.

"Blood Spirit Explosion!" And when the skull expanded to a hundred feet in size, Xuan Yuan's body quickly retreated, and a trace of gloomy smile filled the void.

"Boom!" Just as the skulls rapidly expanded and exploded, scenes of blood light suddenly spread out from the inside, rendering the bottom of the ice palace a **** place, like a real purgatory, with blood light. Diffuse!

"Crash!" At that time, a stream of lightning-like blood lights shot out directly from the skull, like a doomsday scene, which made people palpitate.

"What's going on..." At this time, Eriner hugged her little Dolma tightly, and said with a dry corner of her mouth.

"Xuanyuan, where are you going..." Xiao Yan's figure flickered. With the power of the holy flame, he was not affected by this **** light for a short time.

"You have the power of holy flame... But for me in the middle stage of Five-Star Fighting Immortals, it's just self-defeating!"

"Die!" Xuan Yuan's eyes were crazy he slapped Xiao Yan with his palm, and his laughter was even more crazy, but he didn't notice an inconspicuous shadow beside him from beginning to end. Has been floating by his side for a long time.

"Pimple." A cold voice sounded like a **** of death. In an instant, a sharp sound like a knife unsheathed appeared, extremely fast and extremely sharp.

"Xuuuu." The next moment, Xuanyuan, whose strength was about to enter the middle stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortals, shrank his pupils tightly, and his soul body was suddenly cut in half by an unknown creature. The flames lingered, the source was greatly damaged, and the strength was greatly reduced.

"It's over." After a while, there was a smile on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, and the hotter holy flame power in his palm directly formed a flame imprisonment, which directly absorbed Xuan Yuan into his body.

He didn't kill him because there should be something Xiao Yan wanted to know about him, but Xiao Yan still underestimated the strength of the Master of Fire Guard. After all, this kind of hidden killer, even if it is an ordinary four-star Dou Xian early stage powerhouse cultivation, is still It is enough to threaten the complete powerhouse of the Four-Star Dou Xian, not to mention that Xiao Yan's Fire Guard Master has mutated, and even added the power of Xiao Yan's holy flame.

"Gululu." With Xuanyuan being dealt with by Xiao Yan in this way, calm was completely restored in the ice palace. Although when Xuanyuan was captured by Xiao Yan, a burst of extremely turbulent energy appeared in the void of the ice palace, but in a flash fleeting.

Here, peace has returned to Zaidu.