Chapter Vol 4 1532: The fluctuation of reincarnation!

"Crash!" After a while, Xiao Yan and the two just reacted when they appeared in a group of mountains.

In the mountains, surrounded by lush vegetation, a vibrant aura flooded in, and even the suppressed wood-type bucket core in Xiao Yan's body erupted with a rather greedy wave.

"This lord..." Xiao Yan looked at the Xiao Gui beside him who was still sleeping, barely opened his eyes, then looked at the white-haired old man beside him, and said, he just remembered that because of the strong spatial fluctuation, he let them The two were temporarily unconscious.

When this old ghost of the earth spirit was exploring their bodies, Xiao Yan's holy flame was discovered by this guy, so that in the end, this old man actually motivated the holy flame in his body, the purpose of which was probably to anger that Zhou Qi. .

"Awake?" The old man lay lazily on the stone, and when he heard Xiao Yan's voice, he immediately sat up.

"Do you know where this place is?" asked the old ghost of Earth Spirit.

"I don't know." Xiao Yan said.

"This is the Earth Spirit Mountains."

"And the Earth Spirit Academy, where we live and practice, stands in a realm at the top of the mountain." After a while, the Earth Spirit old ghost said, his eyes slowly staring at the top of the mountains, where the mountain Above the top, clouds and mists lingered, and even a trace of the strong breath permeated out.

"Earth Spirit Academy is actually in the void on the top of the mountain?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and immediately turned his eyes to look around, only to see almost continuous mountains and huge mountain ranges.

"Earth Spirit Mountains, this is a place where the energy of heaven and earth is extremely strong. At the same time, because the Earth Spirit Academy serves the entire Lishun Realm, there are an endless stream of creatures coming to climb the mountain every day. The road to climb is full of twists and turns, but If you successfully climb the mountain and enter the Earth Spiritual Academy, you will be able to immediately gain some appreciation from the teachings, and maybe you will be able to join it."

"And the Earth Spirit Academy is located in a void on the top of the Earth Spirit Mountain Range. It is a realm opened up by the seven-star Dou Xian powerhouse alone. The realm is vast and boundless, with many cultivation resources and trials. The land is also the end point for you this time." The old ghost of the earth spirit said slowly.

"Let's go, the guy who entered the Earth Spirit Academy naturally doesn't need to climb." As soon as he finished speaking, with a wave of his hand, he directly wrapped Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui's bodies, turned into a beam of light, and suddenly moved towards the Earth Spirit Mountains. top of the realm away.

"Crackling." As Xiao Yan and the others just disappeared, a man with a withered complexion slowly emerged from the place where Xiao Yan and the others had stayed.

"I'm afraid these guys are the powerhouses of the Earth Spirit Academy. They are really tyrannical fluctuations, but I believe that I will be able to successfully climb the mountain range and enter the Earth Spirit Academy!" Go to the top of the mountain.

This man is weak, but he also possesses the strength of a three-star fighting immortal. In addition to his thin body, it is quite worrying whether this guy can succeed in the end.

The Diling Mountains are surrounded by mountains, and the trails between the mountains are dazzling. There are people entering everywhere, and all of them are heading towards the top of the Diling Mountains. It is said that the top of the Diling Mountains has the entrance to the Diling Courtyard. They almost came from the lower realm, and were not directly introduced by the master of the plane, so they could only use this most primitive method to try to join the Earth Spirit Academy.

And just as Xiao Yan and the others were heading towards the boundary of the Earth Spirit Academy, there was an ethereal space in the center of Li Soul Domain, in the shrine of the Lord of Li Soul.

"Lord... the person you named has brought it back to you." After a while, in a simple hall, Li Hunwei, who was wriggling in the void and wrapped in the texture of the armor, slowly opened his mouth, facing the black body hidden in front of him. The man under the robe respectfully said.

This man, the insipid fluctuations on his body made the whole world eclipsed. This guy is the overlord of Li Soul Territory today, the Lord of Li Soul.

"Let's go down." The master of the black robe Li Soul opened his mouth slightly, and suddenly, under the black robe, a palm surrounded by countless black lines slowly stretched out and swayed.

"Yes!" As soon as he finished speaking, Li Hunwei also slowly left, leaving only Duo Qifei and the Master of Li Hun.

"Fei'er..." In an instant, Master Li took off the black robe, revealing a somewhat illusory body, and immediately said to Du Qifei.

"I..." Duo Qifei seemed to have known it for a long time, and immediately shook his head slightly.

"Fei'er, this is your home, you don't have to be restrained." After the Lord Li Hun finished speaking, he was overjoyed immediately, because with his strength close to the peak, he could easily detect the reincarnation pattern on Du Qifei's forehead. The power emanating from the reincarnation pattern is more powerful than ordinary reincarnation, and there are countless thunderous sounds faintly, so it is natural to know that this is the reincarnation of the thunder master.

"I'm sorry for your mother, but this time, I will protect you from others."

"And soon, Li Hunyu will be completely handed over to you, which can be regarded as a kind of compensation for your mother." After hesitating for a while, Lord Li Hunyu spoke slowly.

"No... I just want to stay here quietly. Unless I have to, I won't take action." Duan Qi Fei Dai's eyes slowly flickered, and he said.

Obviously, there are some fluctuations in the origin of the Master of Li Soul and his mother. I think they are also related by blood, and this kind of thing, Duo Qifei has also been inspired by the power of reincarnation in advance, and he knows from it, so he also treats his father. She kept it a secret, because she didn't want Duan Tianhong to worry.

"At the beginning of the chaos in Li Hunyu, your mother took advantage of the chaos and ran out. After I put Li Hunyu to rest, I couldn't find her..."

"It wasn't until she fell decades ago that she left a trace of your breath, and I didn't realize it." Li Hun said sadly.

"Needless to say, I know..." Duo Qifei shook his head slowly, but he didn't want to listen to these words, so he shook his head and said, after all, how could the master of the strong soul domain give up the entire region for his mother .

"Then I'm leaving." As soon as the voice fell, in the hall, the body of Lord Li Soul suddenly disappeared, leaving only Du Qifei alone.ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

At this moment, Du Qifei stood slightly, her eyes flickered, and the reincarnation pattern at the center of her eyebrows exuded a majestic aura.

"Lord Thunder... Why don't you want to wake up with such a tyrannical power and regain control?"

"Reincarnator... Even if you give me all of these powers, I'm afraid I won't become the Xeon of the Great Thousand World, because I just want to..."

"Be an ordinary woman, have someone you like, and set up a small family." There was a hint of desolation in the voice, which instantly reverberated throughout the hall.

Duo Qifei knows that as a reincarnator, she possesses all the power of the Thunder Lord, but the power of the Thunder Lord resides in the reincarnation. This power.

And what surprised Du Qifei the most was that the source of the Thunder Lord hidden in the reincarnation seemed to have some disgust for Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui from the bottom of his heart!

"The Xiao clan... are in conflict with each other!" In an instant, the source of the Thunder Lord in the reincarnation seemed to be provoked, and a violent and murderous aura emerged.

When Duo Qifei saw this, she also slowly shook her head, but she knew that with the awakening of the power of reincarnation, her power would also rise steadily, and even the memories of the Thunder Lord would slowly pour into her mind. It's just that after the success of this reincarnation, whether she is the Thunder Lord or Du Qifei, I am afraid she does not know, and the origin of the Thunder Lord living in the reincarnation also indicates that the peak powerhouse of the Great Thousand World, perhaps Will be reborn.

starter