Chapter 287: Strange behavior of 2 women!

"Since the first place in the points grabbing competition has chosen his own sect, then this matter will be stopped."

"There are three others left. I don't know which sect you want to join?" The woman in Wanhua Pavilion was also speaking, but her eyes kept staring at Yueru, as if she had settled for her.

"I'll come first, I'm also joining the Burning Incense Pavilion." Mu Feng also said, and easily went behind Chang Yu.

With the addition of Mu Feng, King Xuanling and Solomon were a little unhappy on their faces, but they didn't.

"Where are you two women?" At this time, the two strong men in the Palace of Heartless Love and Wanhua Pavilion were also looking at the two women on the ground with bright eyes.

Because the two sects are mainly female disciples, there are almost no male disciples, so they are also quite interested in women.

Mu Yingying wears silver jewelry on her head, and she is quite lively with her pretty double ponytail.

And Yueru also had long hair fluttering, and the three thousand silks fell down instantly, so she had an indescribable fairy-like temperament.

"I didn't expect that what Xiao Yan said was true..."

"I really joined the Burning Incense Pavilion..."

"However, this Xiao Yan is also interesting. The flames on his body can actually merge like this. This is the first time I've seen it, and in the face of such tempting conditions, he can't be moved at all..."

"And it seems to have the smell of brother Yanchi, I should follow him, he should not be a bad person..." Mu Yingying also quickly calculated in her heart, and then she admired Xiao Yan a little bit, and it was Mu Yingying. She, terror will not be so determined.

After a brief thought, Mu Yingying also moved slightly, took a step forward, and then slowly said to the strong men in the sky: "This junior has decided to join the Burning Incense Pavilion."

A silver bell-like sound filled the entire mountaintop, and everyone could hear it clearly.

"If you join my Xuanling royal family, then the treatment will be exactly the same as what you just said to Xiao Yan!" Xuanling King also said quite aggressively.

Since he has let go of a talented newcomer, this Mu Yingying can't be let go.

"The junior thanked the senior, but after thinking about it, the Incense Pavilion is the most suitable for me, so I may not be able to join the Xuanling royal family." Mu Yingying also smiled slightly.

Although Mu Yingying is also an attractive condition for such a super sect, but after thinking about it, she also feels that there are not many sects that are suitable for her.

Solomon's words were extremely unsuitable for her. This extremely mysterious sect gave Mu Yingying no good impression at first sight, so Mu Yingying would definitely not join it.

As for the Purgatory Hall, Mu Yingying is not very interested. After all, Mu Yingying is not a war-loving person, so she is not very interested in the Purgatory Hall that fights and kills all the year round.

As far as the Ancient Desolate Hall was concerned, with Mu Yingying's slender figure, she would definitely not join. After all, almost no girl would choose the technique of body refining, and a girl's figure was extremely important.

As for the Palace of Heartless Love, Wanjianmen and other sects in Pill Valley, Mu Yingying also thought about it, then shook her head, obviously not interested in these.

As for the Xuanling royal family, Mu Yingying vaguely felt a domineering aura, and with Mu Yingying's character, she would definitely not join.

So after thinking about it, I decided to join the Burning Incense Pavilion. Of course, this is because of my fire attribute vindictiveness, but more importantly, it seems to have something to do with Xiao Yan. After all, Mu Yingying also wanted to find out about the flames on Xiao Yan’s body. secret.

"Damn..."

"What the **** is going on in this Burning Incense Pavilion..." When Xuanling King heard this, his eyelids twitched violently, as if some bad premonition was brewing in his heart.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This Mu Yingying is really..." Xiao Yan was also helpless. She didn't know why Mu Yingying joined the Fenxiang Pavilion. According to Xiao Yan's guess, the Wanhua Pavilion was the most suitable for her.

At this time, Mu Yingying was already at the peak of the 4-star Dou Emperor, and breaking through to the 5-star Dou Emperor was just around the corner, and if it wasn't for the twin ghost emperors that happened in the end of the point grabbing competition, Mu Yingying would have to come to this first place. .

"What does Mu Yingying want to do..." Yueru also bit her lips slightly, obviously thinking about something.

Then Mei Mu looked at Xiao Yan in the sky slightly, and then looked at Mu Yingying on the ground from time to time.

"Could it be that she wanted to..." Then Yueru seemed to have discovered a new continent, her pupils lit up slightly.

I have to say that sometimes a woman's intuition is quasi-terrifying.

"What about you, which sect do you plan to join?" The woman from Wanhua Pavilion also asked.

Although Mu Yingying's talent and strength are quite good, but this kind of free choice system, since others have decided to join the Fenxiang Pavilion, then they can't say anything.

But for Yueru's words, the powerhouses of Wanhua Pavilion didn't plan to let it go so easily.

Others may only know a little vaguely, but for them, the identity of the inheritor is very important to them in Wanhua Pavilion.

So no matter what you say, this woman named Yueru must be taken!

"The younger generation also decided to join the Burning Incense Pavilion." Yue Ru also thought about it again and again, and then Mei Eye kept looking at Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan, and then said.

Mu Yingying also doesn't seem to know that Yueru wants to join the Burning Incense Pavilion, but according to the previous time in the Yin Corpse Forest, the relationship between Yueru and Xiao Yan must be very good, so she didn't think much about it.

As everyone knows, Yueru has the identity of the inheritor, and from all aspects, it is the most suitable to join Wanhua Pavilion, but Yueru seems to be worried about other things, so this decision is temporarily changed.

"Yueru..."

"You..." Xiao Yan also stared blankly at Yue Ru, as if he was absolutely surprised by this Hehe, it seems that this woman has some different emotions towards you..." Inside the body The voice of the Golden Dragon King also sounded slowly.

"Hey……"

"Yueru, why are you suffering..."

"I already have a family, I don't want to let down your kindness..." Xiao Yan also muttered in his heart, obviously feeling quite helpless at Yue Ru's actions.

Chang Yu was also quite relieved to hear this. He was just about to wave his hand and take Yueru under his command, but unexpectedly, the woman in Wanhua Pavilion suddenly left the sky and quietly appeared beside Yueru.

"Wait a minute, I have a few words to tell her." The woman in Wanhua Pavilion was not in a hurry, her lips moved slightly, and then she attached to Yueru's ear, as if she said something, which made Yueruqian's face irritated. flushed.

After all, no matter what, Yueru is still a woman who has never been recruited. When it comes to the relationship between men and women, it is inevitable...

"Then I'll join Wanhua Pavilion." Yueru also recovered for a short time, then looked at Xiao Yan in the sky, smiled at him, and then looked at Mu Yingying with a strong look in her eyes. Proud, indicating that Yueru would never bow her head easily.

She was also a woman, although Mu Yingying didn't know what Yueru meant, but she also found some other things in Yueru's eyes.

"What happened to Yueru..."

"It's like I stole something from her." Shaking his head slightly, he thought to no avail.

Ask for tickets!

Ask for a monthly pass at the beginning of the month!