Chapter 403: Tujia stubborn girl Tu Ling!

"Who?" At the next moment, Xiao Yan also suddenly felt a vague force appearing beside him, and he immediately became vigilant. On the other hand, Mu Yingying seemed to be the Sanyu Exquisite Rabbit in his opponent. For love, no other voices were found at all.

Xiao Yan became vigilant, then slowly turned his head to look at the place where the coquettish voice came from.

What was reflected in Xiao Yan's pupils was a young girl!

Lingli, who is dressed in orange-yellow clothes, draws its graceful curves to the fullest. Her slightly round face also reveals a different kind of beauty. The perfect curve around her waist, which is comparable to the waist of a water snake, has also provoked countless people in the past. People looked envious, but there was a rather spiritual jade pendant on the woman's waist, and an earth character on the jade pendant also reflected in Xiao Yan's pupils.

At this time, the woman's beautiful eyes like a crescent moon were slowly staring at Xiao Yan, and it was obvious that what she just said was to Xiao Yan.

"What a strong and thick fluctuation of fighting qi..." With his excellent soul perception, Xiao Yan also discovered the unusualness of the woman in front of him, and was secretly surprised immediately.

This woman in orange clothes showed a thick feeling like a mountain all over her body. This was Xiao Yan's first impression of this woman.

"Hey, there seems to be something very different about you, take it out and show it to me!" The woman also insisted, and then said to Xiao Yan, her pupils also staring at Xiao Yan, as if she was staring at her hand. The food is average.

"Don't take it!" Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, then dragged Mu Yingying directly towards the depths of the medicine market.

"Wait, I'm interested in the things that earth spirits are interested in, but no one has yet agreed." The woman in the orange dress in front of him also snorted coldly, obviously because of Xiao Yan's sudden action, he felt a little resentful.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan frowned. Obviously, this is the territory of the Xuanling Royal Family. There was a conflict with their Xuanling Royal Family because of the Xuanling Imperial Pond. Now, no matter what you say, you can't have a conflict with them. Ignore the words of this earth spirit, and then prepare to leave with Mu Yingying.

Seeing this, Tu Ling also came directly to the middle of the road, blocking the way for the two of them.

Mu Yingying also seemed to notice the strength of this woman, and immediately moved her lips slightly, then put away the Sanyu Linglong Rabbit in her hand, then stopped her pace, and said slightly to the earth spirit, "Get out of the way!"

With a slightly flat voice, the smell of gunpowder permeates!

"What can I do if I don't allow it?" Tu Ling was not at all displeased by Mu Yingying's words, but continued to block the road and prevent the two of them from passing.

It's just that the earth spirit at this time, although extremely pampered on the surface, is actually very surprised!

Because of her beauty alone, her earth spirit was already weaker than Mu Yingying.

The earth spirit is as thick as a mountain, and Mu Yingying is more like a fairy who doesn't eat fireworks, so it is inevitable that the earth spirit has some resentment in her heart.

"Forget it, let's walk around." Xiao Yan also waved to Mu Yingying, who was beside him, and then Mu Yingying's fighting qi that had just started to calm down.

"Yes." Xiao Yan replied softly, and then ignored the woman.

"Hey, wait a minute!" Tu Ling also found that his plan failed, and immediately said a little depressed.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

In their Tujia, almost all people dote on her little princess, so that's why this Tuling has a high and arrogant heart.

But Tu Ling also knew that even among Xuan Santian's same generation, there were very few people who could interest him, so Tu Ling would stop Xiao Yan and the two rashly today.

Because the earth spirit also discovered that there seemed to be something in Xiao Yan that was extremely attractive to him, and the earth attribute fighting qi in his body couldn't help but gear up, and that's why the current scene was created.

"Do you have any backbone?"

"Let's go like this?" Tu Ling also continued to say unrelentingly.

Xiao Yan and the two also ignored the earth spirit and continued to walk slowly.

"Humph!" Tu Ling snorted coldly, and then the orange-colored fighting spirit slowly emerged!

The next moment, a huge vindictive aura also appeared in an instant!

The initial stage of the Five Star Dou Di!

This earth spirit is actually a powerhouse in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor!

At such an age, he has the strength of the five-star Dou Emperor in the early stage, and I am afraid that his future achievements will also be extremely impressive.

With the appearance of the earth spirit, Xiao Yan instantly discovered the source of this power, and immediately became vigilant.

"Drink!" Tu Ling snorted coldly, and then the orange-colored grudge also disappeared from his body, and he didn't know where it went.

Xiao Yan in the distance seemed to be aware of this abnormality, and then a huge soul force emerged.

"Could it be..."

"Is it underground?" Xiao Yan also murmured.

"Boom boom boom!" Before Xiao Yan had time to think, the ground under Xiao Yan's feet became soft!

The next moment, a giant gate also burst out from the ground, and then directly locked Xiao Yan!

After all, Xiao Yan is not a fuel-efficient lamp. Just when he discovered the abnormality of the ground under his feet, he let go of Mu Yingying's hand.

"Hey, I'll see if you're still running now." Tu Ling also finished this, and then happily limped towards Xiao Yan's place.

"Xiao Yan!" Mu Yingying's palm was released by Xiao Yan for a moment, and she also realized that something was wrong, so just when she was about to provoke her vindictiveness, Xiao Yan's voice appeared slowly.

"Old man, don't blame me if I don't show up." Xiao Yan, who was trapped in the orange-yellow Dou Qi cage, also said slowly The voice just fell, a huge soul force It also appeared in an instant!

Then attacked in the direction of the earth spirit!

"Shabu!" The terrifying soul force was about to hit the earth spirit in an instant, and a broad energy palm intercepted it out of thin air.

"Haha, the young man is young, don't kill like this." A voice fell, and a middle-aged man appeared beside Tu Ling.

The old man's hair and beard were all white, but only Xiao Yan knew that this seemingly simple old man was actually extremely powerful!

If the power of the soul that he had just now was based on the strength of the Earth Spirit Five-Star Dou Emperor in the early stage, he would definitely not be able to resolve it so easily.

The old man's ability to defuse his own attack so easily means that the old man's strength is unfathomable!

"Haha, senior is too flattering."

"It's just that this woman took the lead in attacking us, and we fought back." Xiao Yan was also so savage, he could see at a glance that the old man and Tu Ling were obviously in the same position, and he immediately said mercilessly.

"Haha, if my young lady is offended a lot, I hope the two of you will calm down." The old man also smiled slowly, because the old man found some clues from the attack of Xiao Yan's soul power just now.

"It's impossible to offend, but when you miss us so much time and attack us, do you need to compensate for some mental damage?" Xiao Yan said with a slow smile!

Ask for tickets!