Chapter Vol 4 1108: deal with demigods

"He Fang Xiaoxiao?"

"Get out of this Emperor!" Seeing that his attack was blocked, and then being mocked like this, the leader of the Yu family shouted directly at the stream halfway up the mountain.

"What is this……"

"It seems to be a giant ruler?" And Qing'er just saw that the power of black and white that attacked her palm was not resisted by someone, but was smashed by the heavy ruler that was heavily inserted into the ground at this time.

As a powerhouse with rank eight and nine-star Dou Di, Qing'er naturally knew the horror of the palm of the leader of the Yu family just now, so she couldn't help exclaiming.

"No need to look for it." And the next moment, a hearty laughter slowly came from the ground.

"Boy, if you want a hero to save the beauty, you're probably going to the wrong place. You know that you're looking for a dead end." And the head of the Yu family glared at Xiao Yan, and a burst of anger emerged.

The attack just now was tyrannical, but Qinger was not a vegetarian. At most, it could seriously hurt her. As long as she could seriously hurt her, it would be convenient for him to do some shameful things. Get out of breath.

"Looking for death?"

"A guy with half-immortal strength is too proud of himself when he says something like this?" Xiao Yan gently put away the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire and then laughed.

"Hahaha."

"Even if I'm only a half-immortal, to kill your Dou Di's strength is as simple as squeezing an ant."

"If you kneel down and kowtow three times for me now, this Emperor will spare you!" After feeling Xiao Yan's strength, the head of the Yu family laughed.

According to his own perception, the strength of the guy in front of him is not as strong as Qing'er's eighth-rank or even Qing'er's two guards, seven-rank and nine-star Dou Di, so he is not afraid.

"It just happened that I just broke through, so let's take you as my trial stone." Xiao Yan gently put away the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, and then showed a smile to Qing'er behind.

"It's you?"

"This guy is very strong, definitely not something you can handle." And Qing'er just saw Xiao Yan's true face and hurriedly said.

This guy is a bad guy who crushes her favorite pets to death, but her life and death are at stake, and Qinger doesn't have the heart to care about it. She is kind by nature and doesn't like arguing with others, and she doesn't want to get involved with other innocent people because of herself.

"Danxian, how strong is it..." Xiao Yan immediately laughed when he saw this woman persuade him so eagerly.

Perhaps it was the fact that she just entered the ghost world and the pet was depressed to death from the sky, which made this girl feel that her strength was low, but now she is different now.

"The half-immortal is very strong!"

"Hurry up!" Qing'er said to Xiao Yan.

"Today's matter is up to us, don't implicate innocent people." Just after talking to Xiao Yan, Qing'er opened her mouth and said to the head of the Yu family.

"Head, what should I do?" And following Qing'er's opening, the two subordinates of the Yu family retreated behind their leader and asked.

"Dare to provoke our Ghost King Cheng Yu family, and I won't ask about it."

"Kill me."

"Take the corpse to feed the dog." The head of the Yu family said slowly, his voice filled with a sense of playfulness.

"Stay back a little, they are very..." Qing'er was about to say something just now, but she suddenly felt the vindictiveness of the guy in front of him suddenly soaring.

"Crash!" A black-and-white vindictive energy suddenly emerged from Xiao Yan's body, and then the figure was as fast as a ghost, and the two Yu family's subordinates were directly captured with the left and right hands.

"They are two nine-rank nine-star Dou Di, the powerhouses at the peak of the Dou Di..." Xiao Yan, who was watching, subdued the two powerhouses at the top of the Dou Emperor with such an easy blow, Qing'er and the two Qing The family's subordinates immediately couldn't help but be surprised.

"This guy is so strong." At this time, Qing'er changed from worry to surprise.

After all, in this world where strength is respected, there is nothing more convincing than strength.

"Little chops!"

"Dare to be my enemy of the Yu family, you are courting death!" Seeing that his two subordinates were captured instantly, the leader of the Yu family was also angry and said viciously.

"I don't care about your feather and pig family."

"I received some kindness from these three people that day, and I have the right to return it today!" As soon as Xiao Yan finished speaking, his figure exploded in an instant, and he directly attacked the leader of the Yu family.

"Isn't this the guy who fell from the sky that day..."

"If it hadn't happened to bump into Miss's pet, I'm afraid I'd be disabled if I didn't die..." The two men of the Qing family couldn't help laughing.

"This guy's strength should not have reached Dou Xian or Ban Xian, but his speed is even Dou Qi, I'm afraid it is the same as Dou Xian powerhouse. It's really terrifying." Qing'er stood aside and watched the two fight. Her beautiful eyes turned slightly. As a girl, she was naturally able to detect some things that others would find difficult.

"It seems that your half-immortal strength is not that powerful." After fighting for several rounds, Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing.

The reason why Xiao Yan was able to capture the two powerhouses at the peak of Dou Di with one blow was because they took it lightly, and secondly, he was able to take advantage of the sudden surge in strength to hit them all by surprise. This is the scene just now.

However, the semi-immortal powerhouse is not the same as the powerhouse at the peak of Dou Di. In addition, Xiao Yan's strength has skyrocketed because Mu Yingying and Ghost Face Soul Yan have skyrocketed too much. Although he is now at the peak of Dou Di, he has not grasped the real power for a while. combat power.

As for the fight with Banxian just now, it was naturally Xiao Yan's attempt to consolidate his use of the power of life and death in his body, otherwise this mere Banxian would be really vulnerable in Xiao Yan's eyes.

"Boy, don't get too happy too soon!"

"Eat me!"

"Yu Tianshou!" And the head of the Yu family also found that Xiao Yan was a difficult character, and immediately did not dare to take it lightly, so he had to deal with it calmly.

"Let the horse come over." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, the right hand of the head of the Yu family suddenly collided violently. In just a few breaths, it swelled to the size of a hundred zhang, and on the palm, there were streaks of feathers. also emerged.

"This feather seems a little strange." Xiao Yan couldn't help but hesitated when he saw this mysterious blow.

"Hahaha."

"Boy, although you are very strong, don't forget that you are only a Dou Di strong from beginning to end. I am already a half-immortal strong, so I will show you the real Dou Immortal power!"

"The power of fighting immortals, Yu Tian's hand!" The head of the Yu family snorted suddenly, and a huge pure white breath, along with the perfusion of black and white life and death power, was injected into his arm.

"Go to hell!" Seeing the pure white fighting immortal power and the black and white life and death power injected into his arm, the head of the Yu family raised his head and laughed loudly, his arm suddenly slapped towards Xiao Yan.

"Good job!" Seeing such a tyrannical blow, Xiao Yan didn't even have the slightest intention of dodging A bluish-yellow flame slowly emerged from his body, and he was ready to directly resist it!

"Hard resistance!"

"You're courting death!" The head of the Yu family laughed directly, seemingly seeing Xiao Yan's astonishing move.

"Miss, this guy..." Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance like this, the two men of the Qing family couldn't help but say.

When a Dou Di strong man faces the power of Dou Xian, he will die if he touches it!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Is this Xiao Yan seeking his own death?

"He...should have his own way." And Qing'er also pondered for a while, and then stopped the shot, but her beautiful eyes and pink fist couldn't help but clenched it.

"Boom boom boom!" In mid-air, the terrifying high temperature and the power of the pure white fighting immortal that destroyed everything directly fought together, and the space that made the order vibrated slightly.

"A little bit..."

"It's really a lunatic." After the battle was over, circles of thick smoke emerged directly from the air, and the leader of the Yu family dropped slightly to the ground and couldn't help saying.

Obviously, by virtue of his induction, Xiao Yan had already died under his own attack.

"The power of fighting immortals... It's really tyrannical." When the leader of the Yu family just sat down, Xiao Yan's voice, like a ghost, appeared directly in the air, and there was even a hint of a voice in the voice. Quite a delightful taste.

A reward of 10,000 plus more

Thanks to the little brother Cao Hong of Qidian Chinese website!