Chapter Vol 4 1671: Holy flame nemesis, pure heart!

"Damn!" Looking at this scene, not only the four Demon Guards looked in astonishment, but even the eyes of the Four Soul Venerable and all the powerhouses present became astonished.

They just made wedding dresses for others by doing this, which made them extremely angry from the bottom of their hearts, and tried to kill Xiao Yan completely.

"Let's go!" Everyone looked at each other, and then they didn't bother about personal grievances and went directly to the inside of the Wuzhishan formation. As for Irene, she has already left here. After all, there are many treasures given to her by his teacher, so it is quite easy to leave here. , and it was this move that established her status as a queen in Li Soul Realm in the future.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan was extremely fast and stepped into the Wuzhi Mountain formation directly in front of everyone. Although there were many strong men chasing after him, Xiao Yan was not afraid at all.

"It's such a strange power." Just after entering here, Xiao Yan felt a burst of incredulity, because there were clearly five huge stone pillars that were incomparably huge. After Xiao Yan entered here, they moved quickly and temporarily bound Xiao Yan's figure to one side. .

"Hoohoho!" Just when Xiao Yan was thinking about how to cross the five fast-moving stone pillars, not far behind Xiao Yan, a strange little beast roared slightly, as if to remind Xiao Yan of something.

"Little guy...Little Zhuoma." Xiao Yan turned his head to look, and found that on the strange little beast, Little Zhuoma was lying quietly, breathing one after another, as if falling into a coma, but it was not serious.

"You mean... send her over?" The next moment, the little beast roared desperately, looking at the bottom of the five stone pillars that were moving at a high speed, and said hurriedly.

The five stone pillars, moving at high speed, soon completely covered the dark space at the bottom to protect it, but Xiao Yan was able to detect that the dark space at the bottom seemed to contain some kind of tyrannical magic power, which was related to the many treasures in his body. The same wonderful thing.

"Xiao Yan!"

"Stop for me!" Just when Xiao Yan hesitated, dozens of strong men from behind rushed in and roared at Xiao Yan.

"Roar!" Seeing this, the strange little beast's eyes were bright, and a roar sounded.

"I'll trust you once!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan made a decisive decision, directly picked up the little beast and the little Zhuoma, and immediately made a projection, his arms and footsteps exerted force at the same time, and threw them towards the bottom of the formation!

"not good!"

"Stop him!" Seeing Xiao Yan's strange behavior, the four demon guards were shocked as if they had noticed something, and immediately filled their bodies with a sacred milky white aura, and shot towards Xiao Yan.

"Humph!"

"Four fingers in the sky!" Xiao Yan didn't look shocked when he saw this. He exerted his strength to the extreme, and lightly tapped the four of them.

"Boom!" A flame of more than 100 feet appeared easily, and then the void here was completely ignited, and a dry and hot breath came to the nostrils.

"You bastard, the fire attribute power is so tyrannical!" The four demon guards and Xiao Yan were the closest, so they naturally received the full power of Xiao Yan's blow.

"Light Curtain Wall!" The Demon Guard realized that Xiao Yan's attack was extraordinary, and one of them immediately opened and closed his hands, and a milky white light shield directly protected the four figures.

The strength of the Demon Guard is tyrannical, but Xiao Yan's move was only to buy time, so he bought time at once.

"Go!"

"Little guy!" Seeing that the four of them were temporarily stopped, Xiao Yan was also looking at the strange little beast and little Zhuoma. For some reason, Xiao Yan always felt that the little beast and little Zhuoma seemed to have a good heart.

"What the **** is this guy doing?" Seeing Xiao Yan and the Demon Guard briefly fighting each other, many strong men didn't have time to think, and suddenly five huge stone pillars suddenly emerged from their feet, roaring at them heavily.

"Boom!" The five stone pillars seem simple, but there is a terrifying mysterious fluctuation on them, as if the corpse will be left without the slightest contamination, and the power contained in the stone pillars is not theirs. Strength can handle it.

"Weng Om!" As Xiao Yan threw the two small beasts at the bottom of the Wuzhi Mountain formation, a strange scene suddenly occurred.

"Pfft!" Just as the five stone pillars were about to hit the petite figures of the two, you didn't have to think to know that the next moment they would be crushed into flesh.

At the same time, everyone only heard a thud, and the two of them actually turned into a gray flame, penetrating the stone pillar directly, and submerged into the bottom of the formation.

"..." Silence, deathly silence.

"asshole!"

"Look at what you've done!"

"Suffer to death, it just so happens that you also have a touch of holy flame on your body. When I capture you, it will also make up for my loss this time!" Seeing the disappearing strange little beast and little Zhuoma, the strong on the scene immediately exploded. When the pot was opened, the four demon guards completely wrapped Xiao Yan one after the other, the milky white light filled his body, and it seemed that he had been prepared for a long time.

"What should we do?" Seeing this, the other strong men were nervous.

"Go ahead, I don't believe in this evil. If we crack this formation, then the immortal fire will be ours." As soon as the voice fell, the powerhouses of the other four courtyards joined forces to crack the Wuzhishan formation.

"So ruthless?" Seeing the four demon guards wrapping himself directly, blocking all his escape routes, Xiao Yan couldn't help but spit out a drool in his throat, and spoke with difficulty.

I am now in the middle stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal, facing the four powerhouses in the early stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal. This kind of battle is probably in a deadly situation. Only by relying on the holy flame and many means of pressing the bottom of the box can it be possible. A lifeline.

"Boy, just grab it and hand over the source of holy flame in your body, we can spare you!" Seeing Xiao Yan motionless, the strongest demon guard among the four immediately said.

"The four demon guards with the strength in the early stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortals can be regarded as looking down on me...but this is trying to restrain me, but it is not enough!" The voice just fell, and suddenly Xiao Yan's body was filled with fiery red crimson flames and khaki fiery hearts. Tianyan burst out suddenly, rendering his breath as hungry as a flame king.

"Holy Flame ranked thirty-five on the Holy Flame List, is it Huoxin Tianyan?"

"But... can you recognize this thing?" Seeing Xiao Yan's fierce resistance, the Demon Guard leader did not feel any displeasure, but a treacherous smile appeared on the corner of his mouth, and even a pure white light appeared on the palm of his hand. The group slowly emerged.

The pure white light group is only the size of a fist, and it is wrapped in white light that cannot be seen as a power, but the violent shaking exudes mysterious power, but it is like a human heart. That mysterious power is very common to other people, but For Xiao Yan, it was a devastating pressure.

"Gu dong gu dong!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan shrank his pupils tightly and lost his voice.

"What is this?" With the appearance of this thing, Xiao Yan actually found that Fen Jue in his body exuded an aura of fear, and even the two holy flames in his body and the holy flame heart on his chest burst out with fear. meaning. .

This thing is definitely aimed at Holy Flame... Could this thing be the so-called Holy Flame Killer?

After a while, a touch of astonishment appeared in Xiao Yan's heart.