Chapter Vol 4 1642: Immortal news!

Time passed by minute by minute.

In the Lingyuan, the two headmasters left for a while, and the dean of the Lingyuan was also forced to go out in person and temporarily replace the missing headmaster. In an instant, the status of the Lingyuan was even faintly overwhelmed. The momentum of the court.

In the underground courtyard, the two headmasters were also very busy at this time. As for the mysterious two principals and deputy directors of the underground courtyard, they tried to go to the four major temples to ask for a meeting because of the matter of the Earth Spirit Pagoda. The Lord of Li Soul was temporarily left in the four temples of the Lord of Li Soul by the powerhouses of the four major temples. It seemed that something had happened. At the same time, the other five courtyards also performed the same way scene.

Some tyrannical powerhouses, six-star fighting immortals and even seven-star fighting immortals, including some masters of planes, suddenly gathered from the lower planes and the five courtyards towards the four temples. , This time, it seems that the four masters of the four major temples issued a summoning order at the same time.

For this reason, many powerful people in Lihun Territory were panicked. However, in the end, the master of the North Temple, Uncle, stood up and said that he called so many powerhouses just to hold a grand event. The purpose of convening so many strong men is to investigate whether they are practicing hard in their respective territories, and to worship Li Hunyu's birthday.

However, although these various excuses have some basis, they are detected by some people with intentions. After some inferences, many people with discerning eyes know that something huge seems to be about to happen in Li Soul Domain. Why are there so many strong men?

At this time, the Earth Spirit Domain, the Central Domain, and the Ten Thousand Fire Sect sect.

"Sect Master Huo, what's the rush to do this early in the morning?" Early in the morning, Xiao Yan just got up to prepare to practice, but was disturbed by Huo Yi's hurried voice.

"Sir Xiao Yan, there is good news." Huo Yi ran out of breath for a while, came to Xiao Yan's room door, and hurriedly gasped.

"What news?" Xiao Yan handed over a cup of tea and immediately asked in doubt.

Xiao Yan is waiting, waiting for the news of Sheng Yan, and also waiting for the news of the Lord of Li Soul. No matter who has news of the two, Xiao Yan will take corresponding actions.

"The Central Territory Alliance issued an invitation, please go there." During the speech, a wooden golden wooden sign appeared quietly on the palm of Huo Yi's hand.

In the golden wooden plaque, there is quite a tyrannical power, the golden light is tyrannical, and even a trace of the huge soul power that is shocking, suddenly emerged, and at a glance, it is known that it is from the hands of experts.

"Central Region Alliance?"

"This is not an alliance built by the top forces in the entire Earth Spirit Domain. It is said that their strength is enough to compete with the small half of the Spiritual Academy."

"It's the real hegemonic force in the Earth Spirit Academy." Xiao Yan couldn't help but wonder, but he didn't know whether it was a blessing or a curse to be targeted by such a force.

"This time, it is said to be about the news of Saint Flame." After blinking, Huo Yi regained his steady breath and spoke cautiously.

"Holy Flame?"

"How is that possible?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and his body suddenly solidified in the air.

Xiao Yan didn't mention the matter of Sheng Yan to Huo Yi, but Huo Yi knew it, and it was reasonable. After all, the fire attribute on this guy was not extraordinary.

"Sir, the matter of Shengyan is definitely not a child's play. Although our Myriad Fire Sect has greatly increased its strength, it is still a little bit worse to compete with these top forces."

"And I heard that this time, the place where the holy flame came is quite strange. It seems to be in the center of the five major courtyards, so the outstanding disciples of the five major courtyards are all eyeing it."

"This should also be the reason why the Central Territory Alliance will find the adults. After all, the adults are now recognized as the number one person in the entire Earth Spirit Academy." Huo Yi said.

"In that case, let's go."

"Go to meet these so-called geniuses." Xiao Yan nodded immediately after hearing the words. Obviously, Huo Yi made the powerful relationship clear for a while, and Xiao Yan also knew the deep and short of it.

"Do you need to take the strong people in our sect... There is a four-star Douxian Perfection level elder." Seeing Xiao Yan turn around and leave, Huo Yi followed and asked.

"No, since we are going to discuss cooperation, we must show some sincerity."

"Just the two of us." Xiao Yan smiled.

"Okay." Hearing this, Huo Yi also admired Xiao Yan's courage, and immediately explained some affairs within the sect, he took Xiao Yan, took the space passage, and headed out towards the core of the Central Territory.

The core of the Central Territory is still the huge city called Tiancheng, and the Central Territory Alliance is composed of the top strengths of the six Central Territories. They live outside the city, on a steep mountain range. Whenever something major happens or needs to be discussed, the six forces will send representatives representing their respective forces to negotiate. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"That guy has actually successfully trained from the Earth Spirit Pagoda." At the edge of an elegant creek at the foot of the mountain, a woman emerged. Seeing her appearance, it was clear that she came from a distance and moved towards the top of the mountain. Go, he said in surprise.

This guy, Xiao Yan also knows, she is one of the best in the courtyard, the disciple of Headmaster Ai Irene.

Irene is talented and intelligent, and her cultivation is smooth sailing. Unfortunately, encountering the evil star Xiao Yan, Irene's mood has undergone a series of changes, and since the inexplicable loss to Xiao Yan, Ai Lin'er was in seclusion. After she came out of seclusion, her strength soared to the level of four-star Dou Xian perfection. If she encounters Xiao Yan this time, she will try to find her last failure.

However, just after she left the customs, the only two headmasters of the underground courtyard told her about Xiao Yan's experience of breaking through the Earth Spirit Pagoda. become depressed.

Although the two headmasters did not say that Xiao Yan had passed through several floors of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, Irene knew from their shocked expressions that Xiao Yan might have refreshed their understanding.

"never mind."

"It's better to go to the Central Territory Alliance earlier. This time the alliance gold sticker was issued, it should be for the sake of Shengyan."

"Now that the sacrificial ceremony is about to be held, the powerhouses in the five major courtyards have no intention to participate in the competition for the holy flame, so this time the competition for the holy flame will probably be the object of competition among countless disciples under the five major courtyards. After so many years, this I am afraid that this time will be the most intense dispute among the five courtyards." As soon as the voice fell, Irene's figure flashed towards the top of the mountain at the same time, and at the same time, one after another figure also went away to the top of the mountain at the same time. . The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

On the top of the mountain, the magnificent buildings with extreme style are slowly displayed. Such buildings are quite luxurious, and there is a noble atmosphere between the lines, but only this kind of building can be called the entire Central Territory Giant. like existence.

The representatives of the six sects and Xiao Yan rushed to the top of the mountain at the same time, and the place suddenly became lively.