Chapter Vol 4 1556: Fight half a step 4 stars!

"Let's go!" As soon as Xiao Yan finished speaking, the two figures suddenly stepped into the manor.

"Sisi!"

"What a tyrannical pressure of flames." Just as he stepped into it, a heat wave suddenly hit his face slowly, making Xiao Gui quite surprised.

"Shabu Shabu!" After a short while, Xiao Yan's body erupted with a dazzling big celestial crimson flame, and immediately attached to Xiao Gui's body, causing the scorching sensation of the heat wave to disappear instantly.

"This manor mansion is really strange." After doing all this, Xiao Yan also looked up at the manor mansion and said.

The mansion of Wanhuozong is actually a huge manor, and this manor mansion stands on the top of the largest cliff in Yanluya. , In the center of the uplift of the manor, it is the high-level place of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect. As for the other manor, there are mostly the residences and training grounds of some sect disciples.

"You...you can't go in!"

"Get out!"

"Our Ten Thousand Fire Sect does not welcome you!" As Xiao Yan and the two just stepped into the manor, a group of sect disciples who were busy with training came to Xiao Yan and the two in groups and surrounded them. Blocking the way, shouting and scolding endlessly.

"Get out of the way!" Xiao Yan naturally ignored this, most of these guys were mediocre in strength and low in status, and immediately said coldly.

"Boom!" After a short while, a circle of fiery red flame ripples suddenly spread out from Xiao Yan's body, instantly knocking down the sect disciples who were watching, but it did not cause any injuries.

"These old guys, they really rely on the old to sell the old." After knocking down these disciples with ease, Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui didn't stop there, and directly crossed the heavy trails and entered the center of the manor.

"Two, this is the sect hall, you..." Just came here, and suddenly saw the cliff guard who was restricted from freedom, but the two guards next to him snorted coldly.

"Go away!" Xiao Yan also had a violent temper. With a cold snort, the dazzling Dou Qi flames burst out suddenly. At that time, the two guards of the late Samsung Dou Xian were knocked to the ground in an instant.

"Sir, you mustn't..." The cliff watcher on the side couldn't help being shocked when he saw this.

You must know that this is the powerhouse of the sect, and it is only a few dozen steps away from the hall. Moreover, the sect master and the great elder and several four-star fighting immortals are all in the hall. Xiao Yan directly knocked down the two guards, no doubt he was fighting the whole sect. declare war.

"Xiao Gui, let's go!" Xiao Yan said softly after knocking down the two guards, and then led Xiao Gui towards the main entrance of the hall.

"coming."

"Still a grumpy guy."

"But I don't have the strength, just have a violent temper, but I have to suffer a lot." Hearing the sound of the guard outside the door overturning, Huo Lao said slowly.

At this time, there were four people in the hall. Sect Master Huo Yi was in the middle stage of Four-Star Dou Xian, the Great Elder Huoyun in the early stage of Four-Star Dou Xian, Huo Lao was half-step Four-Star Dou Xian, and as for Huo Liuxin, it was only a three-star Dou Xian complete.

"Father, this kid is so arrogant and unreasonable, let me meet him." Listening to the approaching footsteps, Huo Liuxin was also full of resentment. When did the Myriad Fire Sect receive such treatment?

First, he was delayed by others for several months before he took office, and now he has defeated many of their disciples. This is where he came to take office, and he is clearly here to play.

"You are not his opponent." Huo Yi said slowly after listening to the footsteps outside the door. Although the strength of the two guards outside the door was only in the late Sanxing Dou Xian stage, they were personally selected by him. Defeat them so quickly is enough to show that these two guys are not trivial in strength.

"Elder Huo, I'll trouble you this time."

"Remember not to hurt them, click until you reach it, but let them know that our Myriad Fire Sect is not something that any stinky brat can manage." Suddenly, Sect Master Huo Yi, green flames emerged, even this Above the green flames, a strange breath slowly flows.

"Yes, Sect Master." As soon as the voice fell, the old Huo suddenly flashed and walked towards the door.

"Let's have a cup of tea. With Lao Huo's strength and the time of a cup of tea, those two guys will definitely lose. We will go out when the time comes." Huo Yi said rather plainly, and then gently picked up the tea set. , taste carefully.

"Shabu!" A hurried wind rang out, and in the vast space outside the hall, the figure of an old man appeared in front of Xiao Yan and the two of them.

"Brother, let me come." Seeing this, Xiao Gui hurriedly said.

"This guy's strength is good, and I don't want to waste time." Xiao Yan finished speaking, and before Xiao Gui could make a move, he immediately moved.

"Where is the stinky boy from, trespassing on my Wanhuozong mansion, and injuring the strong people in my sect, see me take you and send it to the sect master to be punished!" Huo Lao just appeared, and immediately said with disdain.

In his opinion, relying on his half-step four-star Dou Xian strength, dealing with a late-stage three-star Dou Xian guy is as simple as squeezing a small ant to death.

"There's a lot of nonsense."

"Look at the ruler!" Xiao Yan simply didn't talk nonsense with this guy, he took off the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind him instantly, and the dazzling Great Heavenly Seed Crimson Flame covered it, and he slashed away at Huo Lao.

"Myriad Fire Palms!" Aware of Xiao Yan's attack in front of him, the old red robe suddenly shrank, and a pair of withered palms in the red robes flickered with green flames and slowly beat, and then turned into a streak under Xiao Yan's gaze. The brilliant blue flame palm slapped Xiao Yan suddenly!

"Seventh layer of breaking the sky ruler, break it for me!" Xiao Yan saw this, his face was not shocked, he raised the ancient ruler of the different fire in his hand, and the dazzling big sky flame was injected into it The late Samsung Dou Xian Undoubtedly, his strength was revealed, and he slashed directly at the old man on fire.

"Boom!" The bright flame ruler and Qingyan's palm touched together in an instant, and the violent flame ripples suddenly filled out.

"Bang Bang Bang!" After a few breaths, the two retreated at the same time. Obviously, this blow was evenly matched.

"This kid, it's a little weird. Three-star Douxian can show such a dazzling fighting spirit in the late stage. It seems that the level of cultivation is not bad. It can't be delayed." After a while, I made a decision in my heart, but the red robe on Huo Lao's body was A thread of green flame suddenly appeared, and then, under the control of the old man, it turned into a rain of flames, and shot towards Xiao Yan.

"Wasting time!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan was disdainful, and then the palm of his hand kept changing, a flaming palm print quickly condensed, and the next moment, a deafening roar emerged directly from Xiao Yan's mouth.

"Flame King Seal, suppress me!" With a cold snort, the dazzling fiery red flame wrapped a strange palm print, and suddenly whistled away at Huo Lao.

"What kind of power is this...it's not good!" After a while, Huo Lao also realized that something was wrong, because this fiery red flame actually destroyed his own blue flame rain directly, and even on the strange palm, a A desolate repressive force slowly diffused out.

That kind of power seems to come from ancient times, even with his half-step four-star Dou Xian strength, there is a burst of timidity!