Chapter 675: Skyfire 2 Mysterious Change!

"Stay back, let me come." Xiong Jun's majestic voice came slowly, and the eyes of the two-headed Yalong suddenly froze, and then gave way.

As a veteran powerhouse in Boundless Mountain, the double-headed Yalong is naturally very aware of Mr. Xiong's strength.

Ye Cat, Lord Xiong, and the two-headed Yalong are the most tyrannical, even reaching the level of the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor!

A powerhouse in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, with such terrifying strength, has already reached the strength of some sect elders.

"Boy, this is Boundless Mountain, not a place for you to run wild!" Xiong Jun slowly walked towards Xiao Yan with heavy steps.

With every step, the space energy of this Boundless Mountain suddenly vibrated slightly.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but smile, even if this Xiong Jun's strength was much stronger than the previous night cat.

As for Qinxin and Mu Yingying, they retreated some distance, and then stared at Xiao Yan attentively. Once Xiao Yan was defeated, their two daughters would immediately shoot without hesitation!

"The two of you are optimistic, let me catch this guy." Xiong Jun said to Ye Cat and the two-headed Yalong behind him, the contemptuous tone in his voice was obvious.

"Come here, I hope you won't let me down." Xiao Yan had a dangerous smile on the corner of his mouth, and then slowly let out an extremely crazy wave.

"Look at the fist!" Xiong Jun's majestic body jumped suddenly, and immediately rose into the air, a terrifying wave sprouted from the furry and cute fist!

"It's good to come!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and then directly abandoned the ancient ruler of different fires, directly wrapped the dazzling Emperor Yan with his palm, and collided with Xiong Jun's indestructible fist!

"Boom boom boom!" The two had just fought, and a frightening wave suddenly erupted.

"Isn't there any problem with Xiao Yan?" Qin Xin on the side said a little worriedly, after all, the strength of this Xiong Jun has reached the level of the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, and the bears are powerful dead beasts. Infinite characteristics, with the advantage of this Boundless Mountain, this Xiong Jun's strength can be said to be truly powerful!

"Don't worry, I trust him." Mu Yingying naturally sensed the tyranny of this gentleman Xiong, but because of her trust in Xiao Yan, she didn't speak.

"Double-headed Yalong, I don't know if you have felt that the gorgeous flame on this human boy seems to be very different. This flame is different from ordinary flames. It seems to be extremely domineering. I just suffered from that flame." Ye The cat spoke slightly weakly. He had played against Xiao Yan before, and Ye Mao knew that this guy was not as simple as he seemed.

"Humph!"

"Although this guy's flame is not weak, but the night is not enough to make you feel afraid, your strength is still so embarrassingly beaten by a human boy, I am afraid that it will spread to the other two mountain ranges of Luoling Mountain and will be ridiculed by others. If it is passed back to the owner, I'm afraid..." The double-headed Yalong did not show any mercy to the night cat, and directly saw the needle.

"You..." Ye Cat saw the two-headed Yalong mocking himself, and immediately became unhappy. Although there were only a few of them in the Boundless Mountain, the relationship between them was also extremely delicate. Together, I am afraid that these three have already fought hard!

"Look at it!"

"Mr Xiong makes a move, let this kid have the ability to reach the sky, and he can only admit it. Otherwise, why do you think Xiong-kun didn't let me make a move just now, and want to make it myself?" The two-headed Yalong said.

"Could it be that Mr. Xiong has discovered that this human being is unusual?" Night Cat said.

"Look." After the two-headed Yalong finished speaking, the two heads, one red and one dark, said slowly.

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying force on Xiong Jun's bear paw directly collided with Xiao Yan, and then Xiao Yan, not to be outdone, exploded!

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, just after the two attacked, Xiao Yan quickly took a few steps back to stabilize his figure.

"Cough cough cough..."

"This guy really deserves to be a power type." Xiao Yan took a series of steps back to stabilize his figure, and immediately coughed violently.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Xiao Yan naturally didn't want to rely on his own attack to defeat Lord Xiong. After all, Lord Xiong's strength had reached the mid-stage strength of the Seven Star Dou Di. Even if Lord Xiong didn't use all his strength now, Xiao Yan couldn't resist!

"Hahaha, human, you are the first person who dares to fight with me!"

"If I had used all my strength just now, I'm afraid you would have no bones left!" Xiong Jun's furry body swayed continuously as the majesty blew, and then burst out laughing.

"I just made a mistake, come again!" Xiao Yan smiled and did not speak, then the holy flame and the emperor flame in the body squirmed in the body at the same time!

The wriggling place is when Fen Jue is in the deepest part of the body!

"Heavenly Fire... Three Profound Transformations!"

"Emperor Yan has changed!" The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly burst out!

With this loud shout, Xiao Yan's breath also soared at this moment, and in just a short time, he reached the level of six-star Dou Emperor consummation!

"Is there a secret method to increase strength..."

"However, no matter how much you increase your strength, in my eyes, you are nothing but an ant." Xiong Jun stared at Xiao Yan calmly, as if waiting to hunt for food.

When hunting for food, the fiercer the resistance of the food, the more intelligent the food is. After all, there is no resistance to the food, but Mr. Xiong disdains it.

"Is there a secret method to improve strength..." Mu Yingying and Qin Xin felt a fiery fighting spirit like a volcano erupting from Xiao Yan's body, and then murmured.

"This guy is actually hiding so deeply..."

"I originally said that I would have a good fight with him, but now it seems..." Qin Xin shook her head slightly, obviously now that Xiao Yan's strength after the skyrocketing increase made Qin Xin feel a little tired, let alone fighting.

"It seems that it should be some kind of advanced fighting skill. It can actually use the power of flame to directly explode the strength Although this improvement is only temporary, it is enough to solve this battle." Mu Yingying finished. , also looked at Xiao Yan in the sky.

"The secret method to improve strength, this human being has quite a lot of treasures." Seeing this, the two-headed Yalong and Ye Cat would invariably cast envious glances at Xiao Yan!

"Is the Six-Star Dou Emperor consummated..."

"That's not enough!"

"It's giving me a boost!"

"Sacred Flame Change!" A dangerous arc flashed at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, and then the Dou Qi in his body skyrocketed!

"Seven Stars Dou Di..." Seeing this, the two-headed Yalong couldn't help but be startled.

After Emperor Dou, very few people will use the secret method to improve strength. After all, Emperor Dou only sees that every rank directly contains enormous power. This is exactly the case, so few people use the secret method to improve their strength. After all, one damage to the source, but the gain is more than the loss!

"Huh..."

"Early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di!" Mu Yingying and Qin Xin both took a deep breath and exclaimed.

At this time, in the sky, on Xiao Yan's forehead, a hidden mysterious rune was looming, but Xiao Yan's eyes were quick and he touched his forehead with one hand, and the thing suddenly fell silent.

The next moment, an incomparably powerful aura permeated Xiao Yan's body, and the splendid emperor flames as many as twenty-three colors continued to surround him, as if the **** of fire had descended!

Ask for tickets!