Chapter 200: Treasure in the coffin? Holy flame soul species!

Seeing that the dragon soul is also entrenched on the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, Xiao Yan also knows that from now on, this dragon soul will follow him willingly.

After all, the people chosen by the Golden Dragon King will not be ordinary people.

Seeing this, the Golden Dragon King also shook his head and didn't say much. There are some things that are too early to say, and he simply looked at the coffin beside him.

Xiao Yan also bowed deeply to his master Golden Dragon King. If it weren't for his master Golden Dragon King, it would be quite difficult to make this dragon soul follow him with sincerity.

After briefly sorting out his thoughts, Xiao Yan picked up the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, stretched out his head and went into the coffin to investigate carefully.

"Um?"

"Why isn't there anything in here, did someone get on it first?" Xiao Yan also carefully looked at the coffin whose lid was opened, and found that there was nothing inside.

"Impossible, the three people who took me down just wanted to open the coffin and collect the contents, and I can feel it. After so many years, no creature has come in here, and the contents of this coffin must still be there. !" said the dragon soul on the ancient ruler of Yihuo Eternal.

The name of the dragon soul is Long Yi, and Xiao Yan also knew from the attitude of the dragon soul towards his master Jinlongwang just now. .

"Could it be because of the Bing Xianjian..." Xiao Yan thought about what Long Yi said. Xiao Yan could feel that what Long Yi said was not a lie.

As Xiao Yan said that, he took out the broken immortal sword in the ring.

As soon as the immortal sword was taken out, it looked extraordinarily white under the light of the milky white flames all over Xiao Yan's body, and then Xiao Yan also raised the immortal sword and walked towards the coffin!

The fairy sword exuding milky white flames swept back and forth across the entire stone coffin, but still found nothing.

"How could this be?" Xiao Yan also said solemnly. After all, when he first entered this cave, there were some extremely obscure auras here. After going deeper and deeper, Xiao Yan could be sure that those auras were emanating from the coffin. It came out, but now there is no response when it is opened.

"This..." Long Yi on the side also said dully, obviously this has escaped its cognition.

"Run the exercises in your body, and try to burn it in this coffin with the power of different fire." At this time, the Golden Dragon King also frowned, and then looked into the coffin and said.

"There seems to be a familiar smell in this coffin that doesn't seem to have anything, what is it..." The Golden Dragon King also murmured.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also closed his eyes and rested his mind, and then the Fen Jue in his body started to run at a high speed under Xiao Yan's control!

Then an extremely huge flame force suddenly emerged in the secret room, illuminating the entire secret room.

After doing all this, Xiao Yan controlled the huge power of flames and went into the coffin.

"What kind of secrets does this human kid have, so that he can actually be seen by the patriarchs of our dragon clan who have always been high-minded and low-handed..." Long Yi on the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng also stared at Xiao Yan and said.

Naturally, Xiao Yan didn't know these things either, so he controlled the terrifying flame power and went towards the coffin.

When the huge flame energy just came into contact with the stone coffin, with Xiao Yan's emperor-level ordinary soul power, he naturally felt a sense of joy in the coffin.

Then it was too late to think, the flames burned away from the inside of the coffin!

"Boom boom boom!"

The terrifying flame energy entered the coffin. It stands to reason that with the high temperature of Xiao Yan's flame that combines the power of twenty-two different fires, the coffin would burst open after a long time, but no Xiao Yan happened. Yan thought of this situation.

"It's really weird!"

"Increase your strength!"

The Golden Dragon King also shrank his pupils tightly at this time, staring at the constantly scorching space inside the coffin, as if something was about to appear inside the coffin.

Hearing that, Xiao Yan also accelerated Fen's operation, and then a more powerful force suddenly spewed out into the coffin.

"Boom boom boom!"

The entire secret room was filled with terrifying temperatures at this time, but with the release of Xiao Yan's flames, the coffin that was so close at hand also changed.

The coffin that was originally made of stone has slowly taken off and turned into a jade white color at this time!

"Bang bang bang!" With three loud noises, the entire coffin had now turned into a transparent jade-white color, and then a blue light group was slowly lying flat in the jade-white coffin.

The jade-white coffin looked gorgeous at first glance. At this time, the blue light group was also lying flat in the coffin, and then continuously absorbed Xiao Yan's flame energy.

"This is…"

"Soul Seed!" The Golden Dragon King's voice resounded throughout this secret room!

"This thing..." Hearing that, Xiao Yan also noticed the change in front of him, and then his eyes were fixed on the blue ball of light.

Xiao Yan's huge soul power overwhelmingly moved towards the blue light group. He wanted to investigate it, but it was instantly extinguished when he first came into contact with the blue light group!

Even Xiao Yan sensed an aura of fear from the blue light group!

There are twenty-two things that strange fires are still afraid of, and obviously there is only one...

Holy flame!

"Soul species, it is said that this kind of thing coexists with the holy flame, and it will only fall off when the holy flame itself is in crisis."

"The power of the holy flame is divided into two types, one is the power of the huge flame source, and the other is the soul species!"

"The soul species inherits the beautiful qualities of the holy flame. If there is a soul species, there is only one possibility. The holy flame may be controlled or will soon fall!"

"Holy flame is a creature born from the inheritance of the spiritual energy of heaven and earth. Every holy flame is pure like a newborn baby. The soul species and holy flame are two in one. Only when the holy flame encounters catastrophe It will fall out of its body!"

"This wave should be a flaming soul!" The Golden Dragon King also shrank his pupils tightly, looking at the light group in the jade white coffin, and said angrily.

Xiao Yan also knew that the holy flame and the soul seed are one body. When the holy flame encounters an accident, the soul seed will fall off. On the one hand, it is to preserve the power of the holy flame. If the current holy flame falls, it can be reborn again. One flower is born, and on the one hand, it is also to save Shengyan!

Soul Species Soul Species, not only have some of the power of the source of the Holy Flame, but also have the power to restore the mind of the Holy Flame. If the mind is controlled by the foreign evil race or some monster, this Soul Species is the last lifesaver of the Holy Flame. straw!

"Yanchi, don't you have any surprises, our agreement at the beginning has not been completed..." The Golden Dragon King also muttered.

"Take it, you take good care of this thing, it will affect your success or failure in absorbing the holy flame in the future!" The Golden Dragon King also said.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also noticed that the mood of his master, the Golden Dragon King, was not stable, and then he didn't make a sound. He just stretched out his palm and grabbed the blue light ball in the jade white coffin.

"This thing is actually absorbing my soul power!"

"not good!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Before Xiao Yan finished speaking, the blue "soul seed" light group turned into a meteor and strung into Xiao Yan's body.

Ask for a ticket-