Chapter Vol 4 2173: Tentative, supreme evil light!

"what happened?"

Looking at the gap that suddenly appeared in the cloud, a space ship slowly emerged, and King Bea's expression became ugly.

It seems that he still underestimated Xiao Yan's strength and skill!

The terrifying aura contained on the space ship made his brows wrinkle.

"Prince, the situation here may have been seen by the Endless Fire Territory. Those guys are the powerhouses of the Endless Fire Territory!"

"You have a distinguished status, so you should leave quickly."

Among the ten shadows, there is one person who has extremely sharp eyes and speaks at a glance, but his voice is extremely worried. After all, this is the world of a thousand people, even with the protection of evil tools and ten ordinary kings, it is not enough. Solve the crisis here.

"The ordinary king-level powerhouse among the ten foreign evil races, you are really terrifying."

"But the extraterritorial evildoers who are not owned by the mere black, white and red third-order kings, ten ordinary kings, can't keep you!!!"

Xiao Yan glanced at the past at will, and found that among the ten shadows, the strengths actually ranged from the initial stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian to the complete, but their strengths were far from the king level that Xiao Yan had encountered in the past. After sensing the past, it seems that the evil power in their bodies is qualitatively different from the previous kings.

That kind of feeling, as if the power in them was fueled by pulling the seedlings, and it was vain and uncertain!

Even so, with a wave of his hand, he can summon ten kings as helpers. I am afraid that this guy's identity is definitely not low among the foreign evil races.

"Don't talk too much..."

King Bea snorted coldly, a row of blood-colored fangs showing at the corner of his mouth, extremely wild, completely different from humans.

"Go!"

"I'll deal with King Bea, and the other powerhouses will catch them alive!"

With a wave of Xiao Yan's palm, dozens of earth-shattering energy fluctuations instantly erupted above the spaceship, and dozens of strong men came one after another to surround these guys.

"Sisi, what a terrifying guy."

At the back of the mainland, Xiao Zhanyao and the others trembled with excitement and stood up directly from their seats. With their sense of smell, they could not know that it was the power of Dou Xian, but after sensing the past, they found that the power on their bodies was almost the same. Now the number of people is Xiao Yan's absolute advantage.

In their eyes, a look of relief emerged, as if

The catastrophe of Dou Qi Continent is over.

"kill!"

"These are evil races from outside the territory, you should be careful to be corrupted by them!"

"If you have to, you can kill yourself!"

Hun Tianhao took the lead and launched a battle in the huge Holy Flame Realm. The other strong men followed suit. The whole realm was buzzing, and the majestic energy fluctuations were noticeable, and the entire Dou Qi Continent became turbulent.

"The aliens are also old rivals."

"This time, I'll let you all pay with your life!"

"Dragon has reverse scales, you will die if you touch it!"

Ignoring the surrounding battles, Xiao Yan raised his head, his eyes filled with endless slaughter aura, he directly locked onto King Beiya, and his voice sounded like a rolling muffled thunder, resounding in the realm!

However, the aura on this King Bea seems to be somewhat similar to the aura on that little thing, the Golem King?

What kind of power is that?

It seems that there are many divisions among the evil races outside the realm. They are both kings and have not stepped into the third-order black, white and red, but they can enslave ten ordinary kings?

"Even if I miscalculate, you can't kill me today."

"And I also really want to try it. How far has your holy flame been controlled?"

Facing Xiao Yan's huge lineup, King Beiya was surprised, but he didn't have any fear, and looked at Xiao Yan with fiery eyes!

"The Demon Dragon is here!"

King Beiya snorted coldly, grabbed his hands towards a place in the Holy Flame Domain space, the void collapsed, and there was a pool of black liquid surging inside, black water droplets dripped, and suddenly turned into a streak of tens of meters in length. In the huge space, an extremely evil creature slowly emerged.

"Hoohoho!"

The demon dragon appeared, half of its body was bathed in black water droplets, endless greed flashed in the dragon's eyes, the body was covered with layers of black dragon scales, and a trace of black evil lingered, but half of the body alone brought everyone here. Endless depression.

"Reincarnation stage..."

"It can't come here!"

"Suffer to death!"

"Dragon Claw!"

Xiao Yan roared, keenly aware of the exact strength of this guy, thunder and lightning flashed around his body, crackling and crackling non-stop, amber-colored liquid was blessing, and the ancient mystery that reflected Xiao Yan's right palm!

The golden hand held the appearance of Jackie Chan's claws, and the offensive became more and more intense, as if under this blow, everything could only be shattered.

The cultivation of the fifth transformation of the Dragon God does not need any assistance. This is also what Xiao Yan realized when he was promoted to the middle stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal. It is the existence of the killer.

However, although it does not require the assistance of any medicinal herbs, Xiao Yan can sense that the power of the Dragon God Claw is related to the caster.

Xiao Yan's current dragon claws are powerful enough to wipe out the strongest people in the reincarnation level, and even worthy of reincarnation is enough to fight, but compared with the dragon claws of the Golden Dragon King, it is still a lot of distance away. As for the secret, I'm afraid I can only go to the Dragon Clan to find out in the future.

"kill!"

The dragon did not appear in its entirety. Its breath and King Bea were the same as those who had just entered the cycle of reincarnation. There was no blessing from evil tools. With the limitation of planes it could not come here, but half of its body floated. Its pitch-black dragon claws turned into black shadows, with a stream of boiling black aura, submerged into the void under the gaze of everyone, and disappeared instantly.

"Bang bang bang!"

Seeing the disappearance of such a strange dragon claws attack, Xiao Yan sneered. Immediately, the golden dragon claws were raised horizontally above his head, and a harsh sound emerged.

"Crack!"

The black dragon claws and the golden dragon claws touched, the void distorted, and an extremely domineering and evil aura spread, and after a while, the dragon claws quickly shattered like an electric shock.

"Evil power, supreme purgatory!"

Seeing this scene, King Beiya shook his head slightly, as if he was extremely puzzled by Xiao Yan's giant golden claws.

The voice fell, and above his body, black water droplets fell out of thin air, dripping into the holy flame space, and bursts of blood mist appeared. , is also blooming with a beautiful red pattern, like strands of faint corpses, gloomy and bloody!

"Red texture?"

Taking advantage of the time to stop the repelling Demon Dragon and return to the void, Xiao Yan glanced at King Beiya and found that an unprecedented red line appeared on the center of this guy's eyebrows, like a demon.

Xiao Yan had never heard of that kind of breath and power. .

At the same time, within Xiao Yan's body, the mysterious burning decision that had been quiet for a long time, the Amber Rock Soul Fire Holy Flame and the Emperor Yan Ring, buzzed violently, as if they were provoked by some kind of provocation, and the unruly wildness spread out. .

That kind of breath confronts the red pattern on the center of King Bea's eyebrows, and even surpasses it!