Chapter 429: Force back the poison old monster!

"Cough, cough!" The poisonous old monster held his fangs in one hand and covered his face with the other hand. At this time, at the corner of the poisonous old monster's mouth, there was a very strange pitch-black blood slowly flowing from the corner of his mouth!

The poisonous old monster has just caught the fangs and probed the body of the fangs. The fangs should have been hit hard by this mysterious man. I am afraid that he will not be able to wake up in a short time. He was also attacked by this man in black!

The poisonous old monster hadn't had time to find out what was going on, and immediately spit out a mouthful of blood.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Your Excellency is really a vicious method!" The poisonous old monster coughed a few times, and then his eyes were cold and he wanted to eat Xiao Yan.

"Go to hell." Hearing this, Xiao Yan was a little surprised. Even though this old poisonous monster was a mid-level powerhouse of the Eight-star Dou Di, the fighting qi in his body is not even one in ten, so it stands to reason that Xiao Yan should be able to do it without any effort. Can kill it!

However, the Huangquan Palm that he had just received was a complete blow from his four-star Dou Emperor. Although this old poisonous monster was severely overdrawn, he still did not kill him so easily, which was enough to prove that this old poisonous monster was eight-star Doudi. The mid-term strength is not bad.

As soon as Xiao Yan finished speaking, he didn't think any more, and his figure trembled strangely. Since they have already made a vengeance, there is no need to let the two old poisonous monsters run away. The end, the spring breeze blows again.

After all, these two are the Ten Thousand Poison Religion in the wild land, and the Poison Fang's status is definitely not low in the Ten Thousand Poison Religion, so there is no future trouble!

"Damn bastard!"

"Where the **** are you!" The poisonous old monster endured the severe pain emanating from his body and cursed endlessly.

Just now, because he was protecting Poison Fang, the man in black's terrifying fighting qi palm hit him directly, and the burning sensation it brought made the poisonous old monster feel uncomfortable all over his body.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky, the first foot!" Xiao Yan knew that even if the old Poisonous Monster's body was exhausted, the camel was bigger than a horse, so he didn't dare to take it lightly. , took off the Hungry Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler behind him directly, and a huge flame of Dou Qi filled out. With the appearance of this flame Dou Qi mixed with as many as twenty-three colors, the slightly cold forest instantly burst into a scorching heat. .

"Fire fighting qi?" The poisonous old monster exclaimed, his pupils collapsed directly!

The Poison Dou Qi cultivated by the old monster has some terrifying effects, but besides that, the Poison Dou Qi on his body is very afraid of flame Dou Qi!

In other words, when the twenty-three-colored flames appeared on Xiao Yan's body, the old poisonous monster, who was originally calm, was violently fluctuating in his heart!

"How could someone have such a terrifying power of flame... If this is hit by him, I'm afraid they will have to peel off their skins if they don't die!"

"You can't hesitate any longer!" The poisonous old monster's voice just fell, and there was a serious flicker of pain, as if he had made a decision!

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan's huge Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler instantly filled with devastating flame fighting energy, and the next moment, he suddenly swung towards the poison old monster!

"Shabu-shabu!" The 100-zhang-penetrating flame ruler carried by Yihuo Henggu ruler is like a pair of whistling scissors, trying to directly say that the two old and poisonous monsters are cut in two!

"Humph!"

"This feud, we have written down this feud!" The poisonous old monster snorted coldly, and the next moment, the body under the cloak began to wriggle, and the source of the plague appeared!

"Although this plague source insect is terrifying, but now this poisonous old monster's body is exhausted, it shouldn't be able to motivate it..." Xiao Yan launched a terrifying attack, and then his aura suddenly wilted. Huo Heng's ancient ruler's attack consumed a lot of Xiao Yan's vindictive energy!

"Let's go!" The poisonous old monster shouted angrily, and then the source of the plague, as if not afraid of death, directly rushed towards Xiao Yan's hundred-zhang-chi-mang in groups!

"This old poisonous monster is really reluctant." On the rock beside him, Green Flute got up slightly and said to the source of the plague that seemed to die in the sky.

"That...is it Xiao Yan?" Mu Yingying's lips moved slightly, and she said incredulously.

This Xiao Yan actually quietly approached the fangs, and with the strength of the four-star Dou Emperor Consummation, he forcibly grasped the fangs in his hands, and then with the help of these fangs, he tried to kill the two of them in one go!

"Let's go, we can't be left behind." Seemingly finding Mu Yingying's surprise, Xiao Yi stood up immediately, then said to Mu Yingying, and quietly walked towards Xiao Yan's place.

A few people on the side also followed after seeing this, but there is no doubt that some of the doubts that Zhu Lao had appointed Xiao Yan to take the lead in this experience also disappeared without a trace at this time!

"Boom boom boom!" In the sky, the terrifying flames collided fiercely with the source of the plague!

Just like that Sun Dalong just fled in the desert and did not find it, everyone saw that the huge flame fighting qi directly burned the source of the plague into ashes, and then confronted the poisonous old monster emerging!

"It's really terrifying flame fighting qi... If it is fire attribute fighting qi like the idiot Sun Dalong just now, the source of the plague can definitely kill it directly, but the flame on this man in black seems to be very terrifying!" said the poisonous old monster. After that, I feel the fear from the heart of the plague source insects in the body!

"Boy, if you ruined the good thing of my Wanpo Sect, you will return it sooner or later!" After the poisonous old monster finished speaking, he glanced at Xiao Yan fiercely, and then he didn't stop, holding the unconscious fangs directly towards him. Run in the opposite direction!

"damn it!"

"The source of this plague is really terrifying!" Xiao Yan on the side Because of the girl holding the comatose Furnace Ding Sanhuatong in her hand, she didn't plan to chase it, but the flames inside her body were burning. Emerge out, and then wipe out the source of the plague that is responsible for the end!

However, Xiao Yan discovered that even if the poisonous old monster's source of plague was destroyed by his own flame fighting qi, it was still eating away at his own flame fighting qi!

If this were replaced by the old poisonous monster in his peak period, Xiao Yan might not be able to resist the source of the plague.

"Is it alright." Just as Xiao Yan fell, Xiao Yi stretched out a hand to support Xiao Yan.

"It's alright, it's just that the powerhouse in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di is well-deserved. Even if his fighting qi is exhausted now, he can't be easily killed." Xiao Yan smiled helplessly.

Mu Yingying looked at Xiao Yan, who was not injured, and seemed to hesitate.

Mu Feng was the barefooted woman who was staring at the side carefully, as if she was thinking about something.

"This is... Luding Sanhua Pupils?" As they got closer, Green Flute exclaimed, and then stared at the unconscious girl in Xiao Yan's hands, the fiery fluctuations in the pupils could not be concealed at all.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This person seems to be a bit strong..." Seeing the imprisoned barefooted woman, Xiao Yan pushed back the two old poisonous monsters with the perfection level of the Eight-Star Dou Di, and even nearly killed them, and immediately had some thoughts in his heart. .

Ask for tickets!