Chapter Vol 4 1610: Dark King and Hades!

"Is there a secret method to increase strength..."

"To be able to rise from the early stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal to the peak of the late Four-Star Fighting Immortal in a short period of time. I am afraid that this fighting skill is not low. He is really a hidden boy." Yuanzi laughed.

At the beginning, Ling Yuanzi also felt that Xiao Yan and Wen Yi had the most to win or lose, so he was wary and worried, but now it seems that Xiao Yan has great hope, and it is probably only a matter of time before he wins.

"The secret method of the district is not excellent. Compared with Wen Yi, it is still a little worse." Watching Xiao Yan's sudden scene in the field, Headmaster Wen snorted coldly, but he knew in his heart that even if it was Xiao Yan couldn't use Sheng Yan because of the agreement. The talent and combat power he showed at this time was probably enough to become a well-deserved genius in the Earth Spirit Academy.

If Wen Yi's dignified 4-star Dou Xian's perfect strength, plus the strength of half of the realm, would be defeated by Xiao Yan, there is no place to put his old face as the headmaster of the underground courtyard, and if Wen Yi fails, let Xiao Yan enter the ground The Spirit Pagoda is tantamount to cutting flesh in their hearts, which makes Headmaster Wen even more angry. After all, the qualification to enter the Earth Spirit Pagoda is extremely difficult for even Wen Yi, and the resources in the Earth Spirit Pagoda are sufficient. To describe it with the word jealousy.

"This guy... actually made fun of me just now!" Looking at Xiao Yan who was so arrogant at this time, Irene said with a puffed face on her hips, complaining on her face, it was obvious that the current Xiao Yan was in his prime. Xiao Yan, who had just fought against her, used 60% of her strength at best, which made Irene hate Xiao Yan again. This guy is really hateful!

inside the field.

"Darkness... Dark aura, this guy is really hidden." Looking at Wen Yi, who was bathed in black light, Xiao Yan said solemnly, the fluctuations on this guy are too strange.

Darkness attribute, this is the attribute power that does not belong to the great world, because the source of this power is from the underworld, and the underworld does not exist in the seven worlds, so the dark aura can only be possessed by the strong in the underworld, this text recalls It seems violent, but in fact he has his pride. He can obtain such precious dark attribute power at a young age. I am afraid this guy is also a hidden guy.

"You used all your strength, and as a respect, I also used all my strength, so even if you fail, you are worthy of the title of No. 1 in your Spiritual Academy."

"It's just, I said that if you want to take away the qualification to enter the Earth Spirit Pagoda from my hands, you are not qualified!" Looking at Xiao Yan surrounded by flames, Wen Yi sneered, with a shocking fighting intent and warning in his voice Meaning, an exhibition is undoubtedly.

"Whether you are qualified or not, you will know after trying it!"

"Sea of ​​Crimson Flames!" Xiao Yan sneered when he heard the words, and the dazzling Great Heavenly Seed flames all over his body ignited, directly igniting the void above the ocean, and the scene of destruction like the apocalypse was quite terrifying!

It's just that in such a tyrannical flame world, Wen Yi, which is wrapped in dark aura, is not affected at all.

"The power of flame is indeed tyrannical... But it doesn't have much effect on my dark attribute!"

"Escape of Darkness!" A roar came from Wen Yi's mouth, and Wen Yi's body suddenly disappeared in this space. Those flames also lost their attack target for a while and stood beside Xiao Yan.

"Crash!" After the breath, the originally bright and white battle space was covered by a tidal wave of black light, turning it into a real dark world!

There is no sky, only the boundless dark breath!

Desolate, dark, lonely, no doubt!

"Darkness...it's really weird." Seeing this, Xiao Yan barely ignited the flames all over his body, illuminating the space around him. He tried to find Wen Yi's trace, but he was unsuccessful. It was just Xiao Yan's flame power that was used in this place. The dark world can only be ignited, but its power is greatly reduced.

"This guy seems to have the power of the Dark King, although he is extremely weak..." Suddenly, the voice of the Soul Eater slowly appeared in Xiao Yan's heart.

"King of Darkness?" Xiao Yan frowned upon hearing this, and immediately muttered.

"Underworld, that is the paradise of the undead."

"And the so-called undead, not only human beings, but even soul beasts and all kinds of supernatural beings. After they died, for some reason, they were not subdued by hell, so they entered the underworld for some special reason. Become an army of undead in the underworld."

"In the underworld, there are two supreme powers, one is the king of the underworld, and the other is the king of darkness." The Lord of Soul Eater recalled, obviously, for this extremely mysterious underworld, the Lord of Soul Eater is also slightly Know one or two.

"Dark King... Hades?"

"Is there any connection between the two of them? Which is stronger and which is weaker?" Xiao Yan asked after hearing this.

"do not know."

"Even if it's me, I don't know what's the difference between the Dark King and the Pluto, whether they are one person or two, but one thing is certain, their strength is at least eight-star fighting immortal level, and it is even possible to step into reincarnation. , so the entire underworld can jump out of the jurisdiction of the Great Thousand World." The Lord of Soul Eater analyzed.

"Battle distraction...but you'll die!"

"Dark Shadow Guard!" At that time, when Xiao Yan communicated with the Master of Soul Eater, a dark black light burst out in the dark space.

"dark Knight?"

"What exactly is this guy?" Seeing this dark creature that suddenly appeared, Xiao Yan's heart burst with horror.

The dark light looks extremely solemn, like a guardian guardian The burly black armor, coupled with the matching sword surrounded by black light, clearly reveals some very special power of destruction. This is the first time Xiao Yan has encountered in his life!

"Dark Shadow Guard, kill me!" As soon as the order was given, the black light surged rapidly, forming a strange knight with a body of several dozen meters. Go, Xiao Yan did not hesitate to use the explosive technique to run away, because Xiao Yan knew that once he was hit by this attack, the fate would be extremely heavy, but Xiao Yan escaped, the soul power in his body and The core inscription surged, and a trace of hidden power slowly emerged...

"Darkness attribute, this headmaster Wen hides quite deep, I hope this kid is okay, dark attribute is tyrannical, but Wen Yi's dark attribute, I remember it is not innate, and it is formed artificially, so can we break the game? Whether you enter the Earth Spirit Pagoda or not depends on your kid's ability to adapt." In an instant, watching Xiao Yan, who was constantly retreating by the dark shadow guards in the field, several great experts outside the field spoke slowly.

"This guy... why do you keep avoiding? It seems to be brewing something?" But Irene watched Xiao Yan's retreat in the field is very regular, and even the places he passed along the way were extremely obscure. Energy suddenly emerged.

This wave of fluctuations, even Irene's sense of smell is quite palpitating, and even the originally calm heart has become trembling because of this scene. The reason for the tremor is not the dark shadow guard, but Xiao Yan invisible. The strange power that came out!