Chapter 421: Mysterious afterimages!

"Hold on." Just after Blood Rose patrolled around and no one was raising the price, she was about to knock down the hammer on the crystal table, and a mighty voice appeared.

"A volume of Dou Di Pill's prescription." The next moment, an extremely loud voice came from the No. 8 private room.

"The prescription for Dou Di Dan?" With the voices coming from the No. 8 private room, countless people have a little doubt, and they can't figure out why the people in the No. 8 private room will auction this small room at such a high price. girl.

The role of Dou Di Dan can be clearly understood by those present!

It is enough to make the powerhouses under the Five-Star Dou Emperor directly and forcibly improve their strength by one level!

This Dou Di Pill alone is enough to make many families and major forces extremely excited, not to mention the prescription for this Dou Di Pill.

"Chen Xin, the effect of this cauldron with three flower pupils is... don't you think?" In the private room No. 8, an old man said to a man wearing an expensive alchemist's robe.

"Haha, this kind of behavior is quite shameless, but this girl can't be obtained by some people with bad intentions... This Emperor Dou Pill is also a pill that is enough to rank at the peak of the first rank of the emperor, even if someone else gets the prescription , I'm afraid the chance of refining it is very small, so don't worry." The old man Chen Xin also said, but on his chest, a medal engraved with two stars and three patterns of the emperor also appeared slowly!

Two stars and three patterns!

This Chen Xin old man is actually a strong pharmacist who is at the peak of the second-rank Emperor Rank Tiandan!

Legend has it that there are three giants in the Pill Valley.

Dan Wang Chen's heart!

Dangui Tianye!

Danxian forgets to speak!

The alchemy king at the bottom of the ranking is actually the alchemist at the peak of the second rank of the emperor. The strength of Tianye and Wangyu, who are more terrifying than this alchemy king, can be said to be unfathomable.

"Hehe, Doudi Pill... This thing is probably only possessed by that Pill Valley in the entire Xuansan three days." This thought also appeared in the minds of countless people.

"Since no one is raising the price, the auction for this girl is mainly based on the bids of the adults just now. Please wait for a while, and the settlement will be settled by our Xuanling Royal Family Appraisal Group and the girl's auctioneer. Who can How about getting this precious green snake with three colored pupils... let's wait and see." After the blood rose finished speaking, white smoke filled the crystal platform instantly, and then the next moment, the girl and the imprisoned slowly disappeared.

"When Bi Snake Sanhuatong decided, let's auction an extremely ordinary thing."

"Everyone, please take a look." Xue Qiangwei was indeed the top auctioneer of the Xuanling royal family, and made the atmosphere of the entire auction room extremely active.

Everyone followed Blood Rose's voice, their eyes focused, and they found that a rather incomplete piece of paper appeared on the Blood Rose's jade hand at this time.

The scraps of paper are quite incomplete, and the tattered ones can no longer tell what it is, but some with extraordinary eyesight can vaguely sense some extremely obscure aura on this tattered scroll, and it can be placed on this immortal level. How can the things auctioned in the auction hall be ordinary things.

"This is a treasure map. Although this map is only a quarter of it, we, the Xuanling Royal Family Appraisal Group, can be sure that if these things are collected together, they must be rich enough to rival the country."

"The low price of one million gold coins, everyone, please." Blood Rose also smiled slightly, and then said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This is..." Xiao Yan also stared at the thing in Xue Qiangwei's hand. Although he didn't know why, when the tattered scroll in Xue Qiangwei's hand appeared, the core of the life in the depths of the Nigong Pill was in Xiao Yan's body. The inscription also exudes an extremely hot wave!

An extreme idea also emerged from the core inscriptions of Shen Dong's life!

Such a hot feeling, as if this tattered scroll is the child at the core of this magical life!

Parents are inevitably very excited when they see their children!

Moreover, Xiao Yan also remembered that when he condensed the core inscription of divine life, Xiao Yan knew that this thing was only a quarter of the whole!

Now, seeing this tattered picture in front of him, it can actually cause such hot fluctuations in the core inscription of Divine Movement in his body. I think that this tattered picture should also be related to the core inscription of Divine Movement.

"Haha, this thing has the same effect as the core inscription of life in your body, so it's worth getting it." Elder Zhu also smiled slowly.

"Two million." Xiao Yan also said directly.

For Xiao Yan, when he was above the Dou Qi Continent, he knew the cunning of these auctioneers, and there was no sudden increase in the price. Yan is also far behind.

"Spending two million to auction such a thing...Aren't the people in the fifth private room stupid?" Some noisy voices also cursed.

However, after a short period of thought, some people are also ready, and others are simply giving up. Although this tattered picture is unusual, a quarter of it will be collected. would waste so much time.

"This thing seems to be unusual... It's just that our funds are limited, so we can forget about this thing." The two women of the Poison Sect also said slowly.

"Ten million." In the private room No. 1, Xuan Mu also spoke slowly.

Obviously, it is impossible for a fool to spend two million to shoot such a residual picture with only one quarter.

"Twenty million." Xiao Yan also said indifferently.

"Forget it, the No. 5 private room is from the Burning Incense Pavilion, so don't argue with them." The old man on the side also said slowly.

"Wait, this thing seems to be very interesting..." Xuanmu heard the words and ignored the advice of the old man around him30 million! "Xuanmu snorted and said.

"Private room No. 1..." Xiao Yan also heard that the people in this private room were increasing the price, and immediately shook his head and gave up the price increase.

Although this residual picture is only a quarter, but at such a price increase, it is inevitable that some people with deep eyes will find careful clues.

"Forget it, let's go later... Private Room No. 1."

"It should be someone from the Xuanling Royal Family." Xiao Yan also murmured.

Seeing this, Mu Yingying and Mu Feng on the side were relieved, because they knew that Xiao Yan, a pharmacist at the peak of the first-rank emperor rank, was very rich, but with such a price increase, it was inevitable that more forces would participate. and come in.

"Haha, with such a temperament, this kid is also a man to be built." Elder Zhu also showed a gratified look, and glanced at Xiao Yan with satisfaction.

"The price for private room No. 1 is 30 million, but there is still a bid?" Blood Rose also patrolled around and found that no one was raising the price, and she also broke the quiet situation.

"If that's the case, then this remnant picture was also successfully photographed at the price of thirty million gold coins in private room No. 1." Xue Qiangwei smiled slightly, and the sweet voice was slowly photographed with the wooden hammer in her hand.

"Is it an illusion... This residual image should have other uses."

"It's just that the people from Fenxiang Pavilion don't chase after them..." Xuanmu was also surprised, but he didn't think much about it, and quietly waited for the main event in the auction.

Ask for tickets!