Chapter Vol 4 1969: Countermeasures, borrow fire!

"It's actually the twelfth Nether Night Demon Fire?" Looking at Yanfeng, who was surrounded by a sea of ​​black flames, Yanfeng's calm face turned gloomy because of this, but Xiao Yan's heart caused an uproar.

According to Xiao Yan's understanding, the Dark Night Demon Fire is extremely evil and vicious, because once it is used, it must be nourished with blood, otherwise it will definitely cause backlash.

Moreover, this kind of demonic fire is black in color, extremely strange, and it is also known as the demonic fire that cannot be extinguished in the records of the Great Thousand World. Even today's Xiao Yan is palpitated, because even Xiao Yan himself has no way to extinguish this kind of demonic fire. Fire, once it is entangled with it, I am afraid it is extremely difficult.

And the ranking is as high as 12, which is enough to be more tyrannical than Xiao Yan's current Amber Flame Soul Fire. It is no wonder that he had an uneasy feeling before, Xiao Yan said.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan's eyes moved, and he hurriedly came to Su Xueying's side, trying to support her. After all, she had just launched such a fierce attack, and her breath was rather weak now.

"Don't... don't touch me!" Su Xueying said weakly, her face was extremely pale, but her delicate body trembled involuntarily, and she didn't even dare to face Xiao Yan, as if she was afraid of something.

Just as Yan Feng said, this holy flame is the fire of the Xiao clan's inheritance, but he was forced to absorb this holy flame in desperation at the beginning, but since it was absorbed and swallowed, that kind of magic fire has been tormenting Su Xueying.

After casting the Dark Night Demon Fire, Su Xueying's aura and strength have increased a lot, but her perception and control over her body have weakened a lot, and even her sensitivity to blood has become extremely high!

The whole body was like a sea of ​​black flames slowly condensing, and in an instant, a black shadow beast was formed in front of it, and it was fighting against Yanfeng with its fangs and claws.

Seeing this, the Dark Lord did not hesitate, his palm suddenly raised, and the power of darkness on his body turned into a black light and approached the black flame beast.

"Hoohoho!" With a sound, the black flame beast absorbed such a majestic power of darkness, and the whole body became bright, with dark lines condensed on its body, the monstrous magic flame surged, and the beast's palm waved straight. , burst out with unparalleled energy.

"There's no time..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan frowned. It was obvious that the collaboration between the Black Flame Beast and the Dark Underworld would only be able to deal with Shun Qi.

As for the other side, the two in the realm of reincarnation, the mistress Feng Wan'er's attack, would be resisted by Yan Yan's undead magic every time.

"You...you go away!" Xiao Yan just finished speaking when he walked towards him, Su Xueying forcibly endured the traces of black light in her beautiful eyes and trembled.

"I have a way to break this guy's undead magic." Xiao Yan came to Su Xueying, and then his eyes suddenly turned to Yanfeng, who was in the sea of ​​black flames and terrifying, and said solemnly.

"This kind of magic, immortality is only relative... Just now, with the power of the fusion of the five holy flames, I have already approached the limit of what he can bear, so..." Xiao Yan finished speaking, his eyes fixed on Su Xueying, every word was very firm. the way.

"I disagree!"

"Go away!" Su Xueying gritted her silver teeth, and cyan flames appeared all over her body, trying to push Xiao Yan away with a hint of coldness.

"Eat it." Xiao Yan remained motionless. After a while, he directly rolled up his sleeves, exposing his arms, and slowly raised it to Su Xueying's face, speaking rather plainly.

"Xiao Yan!" Su Xueying saw this, but the black light in her pupils seemed to be fatally attracted, trying to control Su Xueying's last sense of reason, but Su Xueying couldn't help roaring.

"This is the inheritance flame of our Xiao Clan. It should still have a trace of the Xiao Clan's breath in its body. With the power of the bloodline of my Xiao Clan descendants, it should be able to help you solve it completely." Xiao Yan said.

"But..." Su Xueying hesitated for a while, obviously for Xiao Yan, she also had five grains in her heart.

"The two little dolls really have a lot of crazy ideas, but now, it's over!" Just as Xiao Yan was at a stalemate, the black flame beast in the distance was instantly crushed by Yanfeng. As for the dark warrior, the whole body was dark The shackles shattered directly, and obviously he was seriously injured!

The brown flame, like the pink fire that scorched the sky, turned the entire square red, and the cold killing intent contained in Yanfeng's voice was already obvious.

"Come on, we're running out of time!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly shouted.

"Tear it!" Seeing this, Su Xueying frowned slightly, and immediately in her beautiful eyes, the glow of black flame completely replaced the eyes, and the black lines all over her body were flourishing. The jade hand slowly supported Xiao Yan's arm, neat and white. Xiao Yan's cherry mouth pointed straight up, as if Xiao Yan's arm contained the most delicious food.

"Sisi." Originally Xiao Yan was immune to these levels of pain, but now Su Xueying's actions are so cute, like a newborn baby absorbing nutrients, Xiao Yan only felt that on his arm, two A faint void appeared, and immediately above Su Xueying's icy lips, a trace of black flames followed the meridians in her body, towards the blood of the Xiao family deep within her body!

"Weng Om!" After the breath, the original bloodline in Xiao Yan's body was continuously absorbed by Su Xueying, and the degree of greed was staggering.

"It's almost there." After about to touch Shunxi, Xiao Yan frowned, his expression and breath became weak, and he muttered immediately.

"Xuuuu." But Su Xueying seemed to be addicted to inhalation, her beautiful eyes were filled with black light, and she actually wanted to devour Xiao Yan's body to the fullest!

Now that Su Xueying has devoured one-tenth of it, is enough to solve the problem between her and Sheng Yan. If there are more, Xiao Yan will probably face an extremely terrifying threat. At the same time, with the loss of With the blood of the source, Xiao Yan's soul was filled with a sense of tiredness.

"Thank you." Just when Xiao Yan was about to start to wake Su Xueying directly, the black light in this girl's beautiful eyes faded, and the aura in her body gradually became quiet, but the black flames continued to entangle.

"Lend me your two holy flames for the time being." Xiao Yan said coldly, looking at the sky like a **** of death, mocking Yanfeng who was approaching them, Xiao Yan said.

"En." At this moment, Su Xueying did not hesitate at all, the blue and black holy flame crystals were directly separated from the delicate body, and immediately floated towards Xiao Yan.

"Amber flame soul fire!"

"Undead Fire!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and the amber Saint Flame Crystal and the pale yellow Saint Flame Crystal appeared at the same time!

For a time, on this square, there were four Saint Flame Crystals!

Among them, the Amber Flame Soul Fire Holy Flame Crystal is mixed with the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock, Ghost Face Soul Rock, Ethereal Ice Flame, Immortal Fire, and even a trace of Acacia Heartbroken, rounding up to four holy flames!

In addition to the three around...

Seven holy flames!

In the past in the Great Thousand Worlds, the holy flame, which was almost hard to find, was actually on this small square, and when it shot, it was seven!

In an instant, on the square, the wind was surging, the void at the top of the enchantment was violently squirming, and an unprecedented depression swept through all the mountains where the guardian lived!

Just like the terrifying scene before the arrival of the real King of Fire, it is clearly like a welcome ceremony in a lava purgatory!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: