Chapter Vol 4 1880: Deal with the demon Xuanzong! ([Hulk] Wan...

"Tell me when you're ready, and I'll let Dieqi take you there. Dieqi will tell you everything you want to know."

"Whether it happens or not, you will always be our Butterfly Valley friend." Seeing Xiao Yan so cheerful, the Butterfly Valley ancestor smiled happily, Xiao Yan has many secrets, and even if you do it yourself, you may not be able to get it. Let him go, so it is better to give him a favor. If he can obliterate the Yaoxuan Sect, it would be a good idea to give him some help.

"In a hurry, just tonight."

"Okay." As soon as the two of them finished speaking, Die Qi and Xiao Yan just disguised a little, left here, and headed towards the residence of Yaoxuan Sect. At the same time, the scorching sun also faded, and the darkness enveloped here, a layer of A cold breath swept the earth.

On the other side, Yaoxuanzong, because they are outsiders, their base camp is stationed on a ridge, and because the terrain of this ridge is uneven, there are only a few buildings, and the rest are tents with clothes and water. Corrupted by the cold wind and cold, it is quite miserable.

"Ah, this ghost weather is really cold, and I don't know why the Sect Master and the others haven't attacked Butterfly Valley."

"As I said, it's not over until we directly press the army to slaughter Butterfly Valley, and now I have been suffering this kind of torture here..." At this time, outside the camp, the guards and monsters patrolling one after another were wrapped in layers of energy shackles, but It was still eroded by the biting cold wind, and immediately complained.

"Okay, don't say a word, now that the whereabouts of the second and third elders are unknown, the sect master is full of anger..." Another guard looked around and said.

"I'm sorry, I borrowed the identities of the two." But when the two patrolled a rather dark corner, a shadow like a ghost instantly immersed the two into the darkness. Where did the shadow of the shadow come from, and patrolled in a similar manner.

"Sir Xiao Yan, these clothes are so tight..." The two of them were talking and laughing like normal patrolling guards, but Die Qi couldn't help whispering at this moment, and the corners of her mouth couldn't help pouting.

"What?" Xiao Yan didn't pay attention when he just changed his clothes. Now Xiao Yan looked around vigilantly, naturally he didn't pay attention to Die Qi's changes. Hearing what the former said, he couldn't help but look at his body.

"Stunned..." I don't know if I don't see it, but I'm startled when I see it. I don't know if it's because the patrol guard's casual clothes are too tight or because the girl's figure is too good. At this time, the two peaks are slim and slender under the neck. Xiao Yan really jumped...

Incredible!

"Cough cough, this is too obvious, or I'll go in alone." After some thought, there was no way to get rid of it, Xiao Yan said.

"No, Sir Xiao Yan doesn't know the route here, just in case something goes wrong, I have to follow you!" Die Qi said stubbornly.

"Forget it, let's just go. After killing Xuanshan, you will naturally have your Butterfly Valley powerhouses here to deal with the funeral." He shook his head, Xiao Yan and the two patrolled leisurely for dozens of minutes. After that, they headed towards the base camp.

On the other side, in the base camp of Demon Xuanzong.

It is also miserable to say that the place where Yaoxuanzong lives now is only a few wooden houses, and most of the other guards still live in the tents. Now in the wooden house, both the Yaoxuanzong Sect Master and its elders are slowly standing in it.

"It's really bad luck. Xuanyi was originally in charge of killing Dieqi. Once we catch Dieqi, we can use this to force Diegu, but we didn't expect him to be plotted against him. The whereabouts of the murderer who plotted against him are also unknown, but I'm afraid He Die Gu can’t get rid of it.” At this time, there was a man with a ferocious expression in the wooden house. On his arms, there were uneven scales, densely packed like fish scales, and there was also a sticky energy around him, which was quite wet and damp.

Xuanshan, the suzerain of the Demon Xuanzong, may have something to do with the water element, so he is a powerhouse of the water attribute. In addition to his seven-star battle of immortals, I am afraid that apart from the powerhouses in the Myriad Demon Nation, when facing the leaders of other territories , should be in invincible hand.

"Sect Master, from my point of view, if Duan continues to suffer from the chaos, why don't we take advantage of tonight to attack the Butterfly Valley..." Another white-haired old man had a flicker of wings on his body, like a bird roaming nine days.

"No, the strength of the Butterfly Valley ancestor is on par with me, and there is no suitable excuse to fight to the death." Xuanshan shook his head.

"Dong Dong Dong!"

"Sect Master, there is something important to report!" Just when the two were helpless, there was a hurried knock on the door outside the wooden house.

"What's the matter?" Xuanshan waved his hand, and a damp energy rushed in, opened the wooden door, and a figure rushed into his sight.

"Sect Master, the big thing is bad, the second elder Xuan Yao was imprisoned by the Butterfly Valley powerhouse, and he said that we should evacuate near the Butterfly Valley, otherwise..." The visitor said hurriedly, his voice was quite strange.

"Otherwise what?" Xuanshan suppressed the anger in his body, and said with an unusually deep expression.

"Otherwise, use the second elder's body as a Mawei!" said the guard Zaidu.

"Bang bang bang!" The guard's voice just fell, and the exquisite jade bottles in the wooden house were instantly crushed by him.

"Also, Sect Master, the third elder fell into the hands of a guy named Xiao Yan, and even the second elder was counted by this man." The guard said in Zaidu.

"Xiao Yan!"

"What a Xiao Yan!"

"Don't let this sect master catch you, or you will be smashed into tens of thousands of pieces to relieve the hatred in my heart!" At this moment, Xuanshan's furious eyes flashed with extremely powerful evil spirits and roared.

"Hey, don't look for it, Diegu Xiaoyan, uninvited, I hope the sect master will forgive me." Just as Xuanshan's voice fell, the entire wooden house was suddenly wrapped in a pink energy flame, a dignified flame The breath completely isolates this place from the outside world.

Domain, Acacia Flame Domain!

"Little bastard, you are courting death!" Without any hesitation, Xuanshan's body exploded, and the fish scales on his arms flickered with dim light, roaring away at Xiao Yan.

"Boom!" With a sound, the pink flames in the Acacia Flame Domain automatically formed a natural flame barrier in front of Xiao Yan, resisting Xuanshan's attack.

"I'm here for one thing."

"Get out of here... or else the body will be destroyed!" Looking at the tiny cracks on the flame barrier in front of him, he could sense Xuan Shan's extremely angry mood and the tyranny of the extremely terrifying demonic energy in his body, but Xiao Yan did not have any Fear, he laughed.

"Hahaha, where's the hairy boy from!"

"In the early days of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, you learned to be a hero, and you are not afraid to flash your tongue?" When the blow failed, Xuanshan sneered. a momentary thing.

"Die Qi, protect yourself."

"Since you don't eat toast, you can only eat fine wine!"

"It just so happens that I want to try it too. Seven Star Fighting Immortals is complete, what kind of tyranny is there!" Xiao Yan finished speaking, his dazzling fighting spirit showed!

"Then... as you wish!" Seeing this, Xuanshan burst into laughter. He knew that Xiao Yan's details were unclear, so he did not intend to take it lightly, but covered his entire body with a colorless and transparent liquid, obviously preparing to use it. Full omen!