Chapter Vol 4 2131: Angel Kaili vs8 Caitianli! ...

"Boom!"

The deafening space storm is like a dimensional storm that cuts the world one after another, and it becomes more and more intense in the high altitude of the endless fire domain, and there is a vaguely terrifying power that can wipe out the world.

"The power of the Holy See Angels really lives up to its reputation."

Cailin's delicate body stands up, and it also stands in the sky with one foot, and the endless power of the ten-colored swallowing python floats in the body.

If the power of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python is at its peak, even the peak reincarnation-level powerhouse would not dare to be arrogant, but now the power of the Ten-color in Cailin's body can only be controlled at about seven or eight layers, and its strength is only close to eight. Around Xingdouxian.

After he has fully controlled the power of the ten colors, he will go to the center of the demon world to spy on the way of supreme reincarnation!

"Since you are obsessed, then..."

Kelly did not use Angel Wings. In her opinion, in the Endless Fire Territory, Feng Wan'er had already taken away the few remaining high-level executives in order to stabilize the Holy See battle, and now there are very few Eight Star Fighting Immortals here. There are very few, and the power of reincarnation alone is enough to capture them completely.

Above the distant sky in the endless fire domain, Kelly raised her hands high above her head, and a milky white ruling holy sword stood out.

However, just as Kelly's Light Judgment Sword was about to slash at Cailin, a huge black creature suddenly appeared behind Cailin, turning into a strange shadow and facing the Judgment Holy Sword.

The mysterious black shadow and the bright holy sword contacted, two completely different terrifying energies, which turned out to be extraordinarily enchanting to render the entire sky, and a sharp explosion sound that stabbed the soul incessantly.

"what?"

Although Kelly didn't have any favorable impression of Cailin, she did not dare to underestimate the power of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python that radiated from her body just now.

"Wong Buzz!"

The Holy Sword of Light is indestructible, but under the attack of the mysterious shadow, it slowly crumbles and melts.

"venom?"

Kelly frowned, and then she stared at the sky attentively. The breath of light on the holy sword was gently nibbled up and destroyed by it, and the culprit was the gorgeous mist released by the mysterious shadow!

There is a huge black shadow shrouded in the gorgeous fog, which makes people unable to distinguish what is inside, but at this time, the colors that are close to the colorful above the gorgeous fog are extremely dazzling and dazzling. Choking Venom!

That kind of venom, if it is contaminated by the slightest, I am afraid that it will be killed instantly!

"What is this... Forget it!"

"Stop doing unnecessary resistance, otherwise you will only implicate countless innocent people behind you."

Kelly stopped for a while and confronted Cailin in the sky.

The power of the ten-color swallowing python is no longer comparable to reincarnation. Even if the power of the ten-color on the woman in front of him is not complete, Kelly, who is as strong as the reincarnation level, can smell extremely heart-pounding fluctuations.

Ten-color swallowing python, open mouth can swallow the sun, moon and stars!

"Go!"

Cai Lin ignored Kelly's words, she knew that every step she took was related to the safety of the Endless Fire Territory.

"Whoa!"

Cailin's sleeves floated, and a flashing colorful halo shot out directly, and then an extremely ferocious roar came out.

"Dong Dong Dong!"

The fog of venom and the power of the source of the bright colored scales poured in, and the black shadow slowly revealed its original appearance.

Looking at the sudden change, Kelly stared at the black shadow wrapped in the mist of venom, and under her gaze, the mist of venom was like pieces of scales, suddenly falling from the sky.

For a while, in the shadow, it seemed that some terrifying creature was about to break out of the ground!

"Medusa snake spirit?"

In the Endless Fire Territory, where the snake people were stationed, the stewards of the Medusa clan raised their heads and watched the shadows slowly fall off and recede from the sky, and their voices became excited.

"It turns out that Her Lady Queen is actually preparing for the ferry to return to the robbery!"

Immediately, countless strong snake people cheered and cheered.

There are many branches of the snake people, but without exception, they all have the blood of the snake, and the swallowing python is the overlord level of the snake monster. The ten-color swallowing python is undoubtedly the real leader of the snake monster.

Legend has it that during the first World War, the power of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python surpassed reincarnation and reached the highest realm. If future generations can obtain its blood essence or inheritance, they will naturally have the opportunity to covet the Supreme Dao.

But in the final analysis, the cultivation of the Medusa clan is different from that of the general snake people, not to mention the powerhouses like Cailin who have obtained the inheritance of the ten-colored swallowing python.

The current Cailin, the power of the Shicai Swallowing Python has mastered the realm of colorful and eight-colored, and she is hard enough to find an opponent in the eight-star fighting immortals, even with Kelly's heart palpitations, so there is such a stalemate.

And the so-called Medusa snake spirit in front of him was transformed by the power of the ten-colored swallowing python in Cailin's body!

"Cuckoo!!!!"

With a sound, the black shadow energy shattered instantly, and a ferocious beast with a body exceeding a hundred meters stepped into the sky and surrounded Cailin.

"Eight colors..."

Kelly knew a lot about the legends of the Medusa family. Looking directly at the snake spirit's forehead, there were already eight extremely bright colors emerging.

This monster, about a hundred feet tall, is different from ordinary snake monsters. It is surrounded by an extremely dense fog of venom. Its enchanting pupils are filled with violent aura, and a faint fragrance emanates from its body. emerged from above.

More importantly, on the body of this snake spirit, the scales are extremely strange. If you look closely, there are also eight colors lingering on the scales!

The snake spirit transformed by the power of the ten-color swallowing python, if the ten colors gather, it is comparable to the reincarnation-level powerhouse. As for the so-called nine-layer reincarnation, I am afraid that only by going to the demon world can we hope to crack it.

"kill!"

After a while, the color scales and the eight-color snake spirits attacked him one after the other!

"The so-called eight-color swallowing python spirit is nothing more than this..."

"Bright Fingers!"

Looking at Cailin and the frenzy in the eyes of countless people in the Endless Fire Territory behind her, Kelly smiled contemptuously, raised her palms slightly, and even kept her body in the air.

"Reincarnation... It's still a reincarnation."

At this time, Cailin stopped, and the eight-colored Medusa snake spirit burst out with an extremely melancholy mood, constantly reminding her of the danger level of the woman in front of her. That kind of power is definitely not something she can handle!

"Boom!"

In a short period of time, Kelly's breath soared, and the breath directly reached the first level of reincarnation. The milky white light filaments were like pieces of light feathers, quickly converging on her fingertips.

After the blink of an eye, a giant milky-white finger that was only an inch away, dazzling like a crystal, brewed out.

"Medusa snake spirit..."

"Eight colors swallow the world!"

Cai Lin could no longer think about whether she could take this attack. Countless powers gathered in an instant, and immediately controlled the eight-colored Medusa snake spirit, opened her **** mouth, and the eight-colored power erupted together, suddenly attacking her. The giant finger of light swept away.

Cai Lin knew that Endless Fire Territory was Xiao Yan's last reliance, and once he was defeated, the next would be the other powerhouses in Endless Fire Territory!

Cailin didn't want to see that kind of blood flow, even if she had to pay everything for it!

"Pfft!"

The finger that contained the power of reincarnation penetrated the heavens and the earth. When it first came into contact with the body of the Medusa snake spirit, the bright breath of the sky dimmed instantly, and a rare breath of death appeared in Cailin's heart, even the huge snake spirit. The body was directly twisted up.

At this moment, Cailin's body was icy cold, and Medusa's snake spirit was struggling to support, but the distance failed, I am afraid it is only a matter of time.

In the distance from the sky, a faint aura came quickly. That aura was as gloomy as a ghost, and there was even a hint of aura that Cailin was familiar with.

That is the unique breath power of the Xiao clan.

full book

txt download address:

phone-reading: