Chapter Vol 4 2044: 7 Mysterious Demon Thunder Tribulation!

"Melting it for me!" Looking at the three globs of liquid escaping from the flaming cauldron, Xiao Yan had long expected that the amber flames would turn into giant nets of flames, covering it directly and suppressing it, making it unable to move in the slightest. , can only let Xiao Yan swing.

"Weng buzzing." No matter how they struggled, the terrifying repulsion force was pressed down by Xiao Yan. After a while, the three groups of liquid suddenly became quiet, and began to fuse under Xiao Yan's delicate control.

At the same time, with the beginning of Xiao Yan's fusion, the entire sky became quiet, and there were no problems along the way, it was as easy as grasping it.

The fusion of Dan did not last long. After a few hours, in the whole small world, looming dan incense swept out from the huge flame cauldron in front of him, and in the sky, a golden arc of light appeared first, and they were like raindrops. After the dripping, the whole world trembled abruptly. After the breath, the sky was covered with dark clouds, and pieces of terrifying thunderclouds slowly formed.

"What kind of Dan Lei is this?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but separate out a trace of his mind. He paid attention to the terrifying thunderclouds in the sky, swallowed hard, and looked at the sky in amazement.

In the vast sky, pieces of pitch-black thunderclouds shrouded the entire sky, causing this small world to be torn apart by such terrifying thunderclouds.

In the thunder cloud, a trace of golden thunder arc appeared extremely tyrannical, and even with that kind of power, Xiao Yan had a rare heart palpitation. No bones left.

"What is the Dan Lei produced by the Immortal Rank Sixth Grade Heaven Rank medicinal pill..." Xiao Yan thought.

"My good fellow, it's actually the most terrifying Nine Profound Magic Lightning among the Immortal Rank Alchemists."

"And this guy's technique of melting pills is extremely skilled, and his potential is terrifying, not only at the sixth-rank heavenly level." Watching Xiao Yan from the beginning of refining pills, extracting medicinal materials, and melting pills in a series of assessments, Feng Lao Standing in the sky, a flame barrier was drawn around him to protect himself.

Dan Lei is the last step in the success of refining medicine. If it is not a last resort, Feng Lao will not make a move, because once Feng Lao makes a move, Xiao Yan's assessment will also end in failure.

Furthermore, on the way of refining pharmacists, emperor rank, immortal rank, and even saint rank each have their own unique pill thunder tribulation.

After a few breaths, the tumbling of the pitch-black thundercloud finally reached its peak. Xiao Yan saw a golden arc of lightning abruptly rush out from the pitch-black thundercloud, rushing out like a forward in a fierce army. , roaring at Xiao Yan!

The golden arc of thunder is extremely dazzling, like a dazzling star falling into the mortal world, with a terrifying power that destroys and destroys, and that power is enough to overwhelm mountains and destroy all things easily.

"It's good to come!"

"Dragon God Transformation!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled slightly. The Dragon God Transformation was displayed in his body, and Xiao Yan's muscles tightened to an extremely terrifying degree. There was no doubt that Xiao Yanguang would rely on the use of the Dragon God Transformation. The physical strength is enough to collapse the mountains and the ground, even if it is a head-on confrontation with the real Eight Star Fighting Immortals, there is no problem!

This kind of golden thunder arc is obviously just Leiyun's tentative attack, so Xiao Yan did not dare to take it lightly, and chose to directly resist with his own tyrannical body and the increase of the Dragon God Transformation. Be prepared.

"Crash!" When the golden arc of lightning approached Xiao Yan's body dozens of meters, it easily turned into a lightning arrow, and the sound of breaking wind was endless and buzzing.

"Crack!" With a sound, Xiao Yan calmed down and gathered all of his strength on his fist, the dragon **** transformed, the power of blood boiled, and suddenly bombarded him away.

"Huhu... What a terrifying power of thunder." The golden arrow turned into countless powders and disappeared in mid-air, while Xiao Yan's arm was aching faintly, and a numbness spread throughout Xiao Yan's mind. The body, this level of Dan Lei, even Xiao Yan, who has the Dragon God Transformation, is extremely difficult. If it is an ordinary alchemist, I am afraid that there will be no bones to be blasted.

"This is the Seven Profound Demon Lightning, and it is the most terrifying Pill Lightning among the Immortal Rank Alchemists."

"The fact that you can trigger such a terrifying Pill Thunder Tribulation is enough to prove that you have an extremely terrifying foundation. As for surpassing the sixth rank, the pinnacle of the immortal pharmacist, and the seventh rank, that level is the color of the Seven Profound Demonic Thunder. Divide."

"From one to seven, the seven-colored seven-profound demon thunder monkey can step into the holy rank that countless alchemists dream of." Feng Lao hurriedly explained to Xiao Yan.

"Dong dong dong!" The golden arc of thunder in the pitch-black thundercloud was easily taken over by Xiao Yan. Those thunderclouds squirmed abruptly. Slow brewing, fermenting.

The thunderclouds rolled, and the stratus clouds became even more bizarre in an instant. An extremely terrifying depression was vented directly from the thunderclouds in the sky, like the wrath of the gods, ready to punish the world with thunder!

"Huhu." When Xiao Yan saw this, the Dragon God Transformation and the blood vessels in his body were boiling. He held his palm tightly. Drops of sweat appeared on his forehead. Standing up like an electric shock.

"Old buddy, you seem to have forgotten me." In an instant, just as Xiao Yan was preparing to use the fire of holy flame to cooperate with the Dragon God's hardening resistance, a dashing laughter and a figure flew out from Xiao Yan's soul realm, quiet. Sitting upright in front of Xiao Yan.

"Xiao...Xiao Lei?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but said in surprise.

"Prepare!" Xiao Lei had just appeared, and it was too late to talk to Xiao Yan. After all, the two came together as one, and naturally they had a good heart. The cumulus clouds in the sky were finally brewing, and a terrifying thunderbolt that was enough to traverse the entire small world was like a roaming head. The eagle in the sky, looking down from above, despised Xiao Yan!

The efficacy contained in some high-level medicinal pills has reached the level of jealousy, so the birth of every high-level medicinal pill will be accompanied by this kind of terrifying thunder.

"Crash!" At the beginning of Lei Wei's appearance, Xiao Yan and Xiao Lei tightened their bodies at the same time, and immediately exerted their strength to the limit, staring solemnly at the thunder beam in the sky.

"Boom!" Lei Wei filled the air, it was more like the palace aura of an exclusive god's mansion. Just after it spread, the clouds in the sky stopped shaking instantly. After the blink of an eye, at the vortex in the center of the thunder cloud, a golden thunder Arc is born!

It just appeared, the whole small world was completely quiet, and it seemed that it would be completely annihilated under its power in the next moment Rumble! "There is nothing like it, the speed of the golden thunder arc skyrocketed, and it fell from the sky. It was like a supreme power in the shrine, scattered with endless splendor, easily leaving the thundercloud whirlpool, passing through the void, with a stream of light. Scalp-numbing horror power is coming!

"Stop it!" Xiao Yan and Xiao Lei looked at each other, looking at the flaming cauldron that had become a dan, the speed of the two soared, and they shot directly at it!

"Boom!" The deafening voice was like a tidal wave of energy, which completely spread, but no matter how tyrannical this thunder was, it was slowly weakened by the cooperation of Xiao Yan and the two.

"It's about time." Seeing that the power of the Seven Profound Magic Lightning was greatly reduced, Xiao Yan smiled at Xiao Lei.

"Zi la la!"

"Huuuuu!" As soon as the voice fell, the mighty golden thunder arc was forcibly divided into two halves by Xiao Yan, and then slowly wrapped around the bodies of Xiao Yan and the two, and the screams of living ghosts and wolves emerged, but at the same time, Dan Lei also disappeared slowly, and even Xiao Yan's physical strength was improved to a higher level!

Most importantly, after Xiao Lei absorbed these thunderbolts, Xiao Yan vaguely felt that the connection between the two of them had become weaker, and Xiao Lei seemed to have some signs of becoming independent from himself. will be so.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: