Chapter Vol 2 770: All parties are moving!

As the news about the ruins came out, the entire Xuantian three super sects were boiling!

Xuan three days, Yin Mountain.

It is shrouded in an invisible dark cloud all day long, and it is quite gloomy and cold, so it is respected as Yinshan by people.

In the Yin Mountain, there is Solomon, an extremely low-key sect.

"How's it going?" an old man asked slowly.

"Report to the gate master, the matter has been clarified."

"There seems to be some fighting spirit in the ruins this time." It was a man who was speaking. The man was rather gloomy, and his face was clearly black. Obviously, for some reason, it gave off an extremely cold feeling.

"Fighting soul?"

"Is this true?" The door master of Solomon heard the words and stood up from his seat in an instant!

Fighting soul, the word, others may not know, but as a half-immortal strength, he is very clear!

If you integrate the fighting spirit, I am afraid that it is enough to use the half-immortal strength to cook and kill the fighting immortal powerhouse!

Here is the horror of the fighting spirit!

The two most conspicuous signs of fighting immortals are the realm and the fighting spirit!

There is no doubt that the existence of the domain is enough to make the fighting immortal strong stand invincible, but with the power of the fighting spirit, it is enough to destroy the world.

"It's true." Gunny said lightly.

"Guni, this is for you."

"Remember, this time the ruins prohibit the entry of all eight-star Dou Di powerhouses, so in any case, you must bring back the Dou Spirit to me in its entirety, and then you will be indispensable!" The Solomon Sect Master said with a frantic smile.

After finishing speaking, a dark object slowly flew towards Gunny's hand.

"Disciple takes orders!" Gunny took the black thing, and then agreed, his eyes were filled with extremely crazy heat.

With this thing, I am afraid that in the face of the late stage Seven Star Dou Di, the powerhouse can stand in an invincible position!

After Gone finished speaking, he left here.

The next moment, the Solomon Sect Master laughed strangely.

"Soul clan, Xuanling royal family, do you really think others don't know about your secret activities?"

"But it doesn't matter, as long as I get this fighting spirit, then my strength will skyrocket, let alone one-star fighting immortals..."

"Gu Ni, you are my Solomon's best disciple for nearly a hundred years, and your strength has reached the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di. I hope you will not let down my expectations..." After Solomon's sect master finished speaking, Yinshan was in the dark and cold.

Chongshan, where the mountain is high and dangerous, easy to defend and difficult to attack, is the location of the ancient barren temple.

"Palace Master, what exactly is in the ruins this time?"

"When I saw you returning from the ruins that day, you couldn't retreat, and you were obviously injured." At this time, in a rather majestic hall, a young man next to Huang Li spoke slowly.

"The ruins this time."

"The things in the ruins are beyond our imagination." Huang Li is quite afraid when he thinks about it now.

Since the five of them entered the ruins that day, they separated. Others didn't know what kind of waste power they encountered, but when Huang Li entered the ruins, they encountered a strange thing.

After Huang Li entered the ruins, he was immediately trapped in a crystal palace.

The Crystal Palace is quite gorgeous, and the living facilities are complete. According to Huangli's speculation, it is obviously inhabited.

However, the waste of wild power is only the power of nine bulls and two tigers, but it is unable to escape from the crystal palace, which makes the ancient palace hall master who has always heard the words of physical skills embarrassed.

"Feng Hong, take Du Chun with you this time."

"This relic is the last experience for the two of you. The relic will be the sect competition in the future. I hope you two can gain a lot from this relic, so as to cope with the sect competition in the future." Huang Li Said eloquently.

The young man's muscular muscles, at first glance, knew that the strength of his body was extremely terrifying, and it was the most suitable to describe it as five-dimensional and three-thick.

"Du Chun?"

"I'm afraid that this guy's cultivation in the body art line is even better than mine." Feng Hong heard the words and laughed.

Feng Hong thinks that he is very successful in the cultivation of physical art, but since Du Chun arrived, Feng Hong only knows what a real genius is!

If Feng Hong has some unique advantages in physical skills, then Du Chun is enough to surpass himself just by virtue of his hard work and his unyielding perseverance.

"Go down and prepare. With your strength in the early stage of Seven Star Dou Di, this ruin will be very exciting." After a while, Huang Li was obviously a little tired, facing Feng Hongdao.

"En." Feng Hong heard the words, nodded immediately, and went down.

"What exactly is in that crystal palace..."

"Why do I feel vaguely uneasy?" Huang Li shook his head to himself.

Very close to the ruins.

The base camp of the Poison Sect in the wild land.

"Sister, why did the Sect Master go for so long and haven't come back yet?"

"Will something happen?" A young woman was lying slightly in a woman's arms, slightly puzzled.

This young woman is actually the person from the Poison Sect who participated in the Xuanling Royal Family Auction, Lin Zhu!

Now Lin Zhu also looks more and more watery, slim, and looks like a lady.

"Zhu'er, don't worry, the sect master is free and discreet, but you, and now your strength has reached the six-star Dou Emperor Consummation, this is really beyond my expectations."

"Originally, I thought it would take at least a year for you to be a daring Six-Star Dou Emperor, but I didn't expect..." the woman said slightly.

"It may be the effect of the Nine Yin Demon Insects." Lin Zhu thought for a while, and said immediately without thinking of any reason.

"This time the ruins are opened The entire Xuantian three days is estimated to be another **** storm." The woman opened her mouth, and there seemed to be some regret in her voice.

"Sister, don't worry, your injury is fine. This time, I will do my best to get the most precious back."

"When the time comes, all your dark diseases will be healed." Lin Zhu said happily.

"The thing you brought home before has a great effect on me, and I am much better now." After the woman finished speaking, she got up and walked around to show Lin Zhu.

"En." After the two women finished speaking, Zaidu talked and laughed.

The Xuanling Royal Family.

"My king, what's wrong with you?" There was no one in the palace, except for King Xuanling and Wen Zi.

Wen Zi was a little surprised at this time. Didn't King Xuanling go to investigate the ruins? Why is he extremely weak when he comes back now.

"roll!"

"That old bastard, Jiujianxian!"

"In the end, I used this king as a shield!"

"If this king hadn't absorbed a trace of the power of holy flame, this time, he really wouldn't have come back!" King Xuanling roared, his voice full of anger.

"My king, calm down." Wen Zi was shocked when he heard the words, and knew what happened without guessing.

"Wanjianmen, this king has written down this matter. If there is a chance, this king will definitely want your entire sect to be buried with you!" King Xuanling said viciously.

"Pass my order, let Qi Haoran and Qi Haoqing two brothers come and call me quickly." King Xuanling hesitated for a while, then said.

"Yes!" Hearing the words, it was naturally a Xuanling King who called the two brothers for the relics of this trip!

Because these two brothers are the most outstanding disciples cultivated by the Xuanling royal family for many years!

...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: