Chapter Vol 2 826: The lost soul and the mysterious woman

As more and more people rushed to Guanghan Island, there seemed to be a few figures slowly appearing on Guanghan Island, which was surrounded by mysterious restrictions.

Guanghan Island, although it looks like the smallest of the three islands from the outside, the space inside is the largest among the three islands!

There is no cave inside!

Guanghan Island extends in all directions, but in Guanghan Island, the most obvious one is a purple crystal palace!

The whole body of the crystal palace is flickering with a very special aura, which makes people know at a glance that this crystal palace is expensive.

The palace is located on the highest point of the entire Guanghan Island, and it is also the most conspicuous place in the entire Guanghan Island.

At this time, in the Crystal Palace, several figures were moving slowly.

"Here?" Deep in the purple crystal palace, a faint and sweet voice sounded slowly, and then a beautiful figure slowly appeared.

I saw that this Qianying seemed to be imprisoned in a purple cage, restricting her freedom, which was quite miserable.

The cage has a purple oval shape, and the woman sits in it slightly. As for Qian Ying's back, two heart-like things are beating slowly and powerfully. Fortunately, Qian Ying sent out a very powerful purifying power at the same time, and suddenly the evil power disappeared without a trace.

And Qianying seems to be trying her best to hide something.

"Some people have already gathered the tokens on Jade Rabbit Island and Moonlight Island. It seems that someone will enter here before long." After a while, a man walked towards him outside the crystal cage and said slowly.

The man is dressed in fiery red clothes, and his breath is quite strong, but his whole body is flickering with mysterious flames.

"Aren't you on Jade Rabbit Island?"

"When did you come here?" Qian Ying said slightly.

"I was worried about your accident, so I came over to have a look." The fiery red man shook his head slightly.

"Do you know what that thing behind you is..." the fiery red man asked.

"I know." Qian Ying didn't seem to care and spoke slowly.

"It's been hard work for you all these years..." The man heard the words and looked at the figure trapped in the purple crystal cage in front of him, and his heart softened. I'm afraid this place has already been reduced to ashes.

"Don't worry, this thing won't be able to deal with me in a short time."

"you say……"

"Will he come again?" Qian Ying didn't seem to think too much about the words of the fiery red man, but just stared at a statue not far from her crystal cage.

That statue, about five meters in size, was carved with lifelike demeanor, and the figure was docile.

However, it was very obvious that the statue was a man.

The man has a very handsome appearance, and with the arrogance between his eyebrows, it goes without saying that he must be a strong man, but behind the statue of the man is a black thing on his back, obviously he can't tell what it is, but However, it is exactly the same as the ancient ruler behind Xiao Yan. As for whether there is any connection between the two, it is unknown.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Yep."

"It will come." The man also stared blankly at the statue in front of him and couldn't help but speak.

He knew that the statue man in front of him was Qian Ying's only spiritual support, so he wouldn't say anything more.

"Sister Jiaoyue said at the beginning that as long as I wait here, he will come to pick me up one day." Qianying continued to look at the statue man, but her eyes became warmer.

"How about the aura of the alien race?" The man couldn't help but ask.

"very quiet."

"However, it has been agitated these few days. Obviously, there should be people from the evil race from outside the territory mixed into the ruins." Qian Ying said slightly.

"This is the ruins of Fairy Moon Moon. With such a strong restriction, how could there be evil races from outside the territory?" Huo Hong heard the words and was immediately puzzled.

"With human beings as the carrier, it is indeed possible to seal the power of evil races outside the territory." Qian Ying thought for a while and said.

"I will solve these things." The fiery red man said something, and then opened his mouth.

"you think……"

"Leave here?" Looking at the delicate figure in front of him, the fiery red man couldn't help but say.

"I won't go anywhere unless he takes me away." Qian Ying continued, then her eyes fixed on the statue man in front of her.

"Xiao Clan..."

"The people of the Xiao family are really the cancer of the world..."

"But if you want to say that the human race that I admire the most in the entire Great Thousand World, this Xiao Clan is tantamount to ranking first!" Seeing Qian Ying being so determined, the man murmured in a low voice and immediately disappeared. it's here.

"Brother Xiao Mu, when are you coming to take me away?" Qian Ying didn't care about the disappearance of the fiery red man, and then continued to mutter to the statue in front of her.

Zaidu calmed down immediately, but the two hearts behind Qian Ying slowly exuded some evil aura.

"Is this the entrance to Guanghan Island?" Not long after, Xiao Yan and his group came to the edge of Moonlight Island, which was the entrance to Guanghan Island.

"Hey, are you guys questioning the words of this uncle?" The Silver Light Mouse suddenly came out of Mu Yingying's arms and spoke immediately.

"This guy, I hope you don't lie to us, otherwise." Xiao Yan smiled slightly.

"You." Hearing this, Yinguang Rat buried his head in Mu Yingying's arms and was very afraid of Xiao Yan.

"It should be here." Xiu Qi glanced around and found that there was indeed some extremely hidden aura here, and immediately said.

"I have to say that this Guanghan Island is really mysterious. From the outside world alone, we can't find any information inside. It seems that the danger of Guanghan Island is probably more dangerous than the other two islands." Xiao Yan stared at the man in front of him. The airtight Guanghan Island opened its mouth immediately.

"Of course, otherwise do you think anyone can enter Guanghan Island?" The Silver Light Rat said disdainfully.

"Others are here too." After a while, Leng Fuyao spoke suddenly.

"It's really unfortunate. It is said that the fighting spirit is in Jade Rabbit Island, but where is the fighting spirit in Jade Rabbit Island?" Hua Lexin said suddenly.

"The fighting spirit is not on Jade Rabbit Island?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard this.

"It seems that the real treasure should be in Guanghan Island." But the next moment, Xiao Yan knew something and immediately spoke.

"Look at what other bodies have harvested. As for entering Guanghan Island, don't worry."

"After all, opening the entrance of Guanghan Island requires two kinds of tokens on Yutu Island and Moonlight Island. Now that the token on Moonlight Island is in our hands, the token from Yutu Island is missing." Xiao Yan said.