Chapter Vol 4 1161: commotion!

"Hehe, everyone, don't worry, this is an auction, and I hope you all abide by our rules!" Seeing this thing just show its true colors, it caused such a strong commotion, Bai He and Dead Wind suddenly stepped on, tyrannical The incomparable breath instantly protected the entire auction table inside and out.

The purpose of the two of them doing this is to shock the younger generation.

"Hey, the dead city lord is joking, we are only seeing something for the first time, although the two powers of the fire attribute and ice attribute are quite tyrannical, but what it is, I don't know exactly what it is, so please ask the city lord to explain one or two. To open our eyes to those of us who are immortal." After feeling the strength of the late Baihe Two-Star Dou Xian and the Dead Wind Two-Star Dou Xian, some ill-conceived powerhouses also held back their fiery hearts.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Since other people dare to put this thing out for auction, they will naturally have some foolproof strategies, so they don't dare to think carefully. After all, with their strength, no one has enough confidence in the late stage of the two-star fighting fairy and the two-star fighting fairy. left safely in the hands of the person.

"Everyone, please take a look."

"This is the finale of this auction, Immortal Leaf!" Death Feng and Bai He stood next to the ice cage and laughed.

"It sure is this thing!"

"This guy is really a big hand!" Hearing Su Feng's words, the mysterious black-robed man in private room No. 1 couldn't help laughing.

He is not an alchemist himself, and the alchemist medal in his hand was just snatched from others, but by virtue of his tyrannical strength, he barely deceived the strong people present, and obviously, this undead leaf, it is him. the goal of!

After a while, the entire auction was filled with shock!

"What is an immortal leaf?"

"We only know that there is a terrifying holy flame called undead fire in the holy flame list. Is there some connection between the two?" Although they have already smelled the horror of the fire leaves in the ice cage, but the presence of Some strong people couldn't help but wonder.

"Immortal Leaf!"

"The undead leaf should have a very close relationship with the undead fire, otherwise the undead dwarf bird would not have rioted like this!" At this moment, Xiao Yan finally understood why the undead dwarf bird, which had been sealed by himself and fell into a deep sleep, would riot, everything. The root of it is the fire leaf in front of you!

Xiao Yan was not in a hurry to look for the immortal fire. After all, he was not ready to devour the medicinal materials of the immortal fire, and when he absorbed the fighting spirit, he would be able to know the trace of the immortal fire.

"This thing is very likely to have a great relationship with the undead fire, little guy, you must get this thing at all costs!" The ruthless and hungry voice of the Soul Eater also sounded.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, the Undead Mingque did know some news about the Undying Fire, but now that the appearance of the Undying Leaf, in order to make plans for the Undying Fire in the future, what Xiao Yan said must be obtained!

"This thing is called Immortal Leaf. If you are not familiar with it, I believe that you will be familiar with another name." The three people in the dazzling enchantment smiled slowly.

"What's your name?" the strong man present couldn't help but ask.

"Immortal fire!" The next moment, three words were softly spit out from the mouth of the dead wind.

And as the wind of death just fell, the entire auction venue was silent!

What is immortal fire?

Undying Fire is a famous holy flame on the holy flame list!

It ranks in the top 20 of the holy flame list, and even ranks among the 17th terrifying holy flame. Its power is more powerful than the fire heart Tianyan or even the ghost face ghost flame on Xiao Yan!

"This thing, our Yu family wants it!"

"We, the Lei family, also want to give it a try."

"Since the two families are so hot, our Qing family is naturally not far behind."

"Our hammer mercenary group also wants to join in."

"This is an auction. The one with the highest price wins, so let's come too!" The next moment, some of the real power minds in the field all spoke up. Obviously, the attractiveness of the things at the bottom of the box is as deadly as venom. !

At their level, almost all of them are already two-star fighting immortals, and their talent and age are quite large. If they don't have enough opportunities, breaking through a small level is probably more difficult than reaching the sky!

And the wonders of heaven and earth, the magic elixir, is the only choice for these powerhouses!

As for the holy flame, if they can get one, even if it is the holy flame at the bottom of the ranking, it will be enough for them to overcome the difficulties in front of them!

"Everyone, we wouldn't put this thing up for auction, but we used all the means and couldn't break the shackles of the ice cage, so I have to remind that the fire leaves inside are indeed immortal fire leaves. , but whether you can break the ice cage and get the fire leaves depends on your luck."

"As for whether this undead leaf is related to the undead fire, we don't know." Dead Wind laughed.

Originally, Dead Wind got this thing by accident and wanted to crack it by himself, but for the past ten years, Dead Wind tried his best to break the ice cage, so he had no choice but to put it up for auction.

Death Feng knew that this thing could not be broken by himself, and it was undoubtedly a scourge to keep it in his own hands.

"Is this ice cage so strong?" The strong people present were all stunned when they heard the words.

"Humph!"

"Dead City Lord, don't talk nonsense, let's make a price." But the mysterious black-robed man in private room No. 1 snorted and said directly.

It's just that he said slowly in his heart, "It's just a bunch of trash."

"How can the 17th-ranked holy flame be cracked by brute force? When I get this thing, break the ice cage and get the undead leaves, I can trace the undead fire..."

"At that time, the master can't help me... ~ A sneer fills the heart of the mysterious black-robed man.

"Strange, why is the aura of the silhouette in this private room somewhat similar to the people of the Soul Race?"

"Is it my illusion..." But Xiao Yan shook his head slightly. Obviously, he had dealt with the Soul Clan for a long time and was quite sensitive to the spirit of the Soul Clan.

"Hehe, everyone, because this thing is too expensive, if you are a strong person who is interested in bidding, you only need to take the chips in your hand and enter the secret passage from the private room. When I see it, the old man will naturally choose a more satisfactory one. chips to trade."

"And don't worry, everyone, this secret passage is extremely hidden, and it will protect your privacy." Dead Wind said with a smile.

"It's really a cunning and cunning old fox." Seimei heard the words and smiled slowly.

"By doing this, he can not only get what he is satisfied with, but also avoid leaking the news of who this undead leaf was taken away by. It seems that this guy is very precious to the undead leaf." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"Everyone, please." After Dead Wind finished speaking, a secret passageway appeared in the center of the auction table, and immediately walked down first.

"Brother Xiao Yan, please." Qingming said politely to Xiao Yan, and then the two of them, one after the other, went out to a secret passage in the private room. This secret passage was clearly connected to the auction booth. However, it is extremely concealed and can better protect the privacy of the auctioneer.

I'm currently preparing for English and advanced math exams

The high numbers are really... outrageous! ! !

End of this chapter