Chapter Vol 4 1469: Seal the might of fighting skills!

"With my blood, call me the soul!"

"Ancient Fire Lion!" With the dazzling flames of fighting spirit and blood around Huo Li, Huo Li suddenly made a strange gesture with both hands, his expression became extremely solemn, and a rare strange smile permeated out.

"These two guys from the Fire Lion Sect are really trash. A guy in the early stage of the three-star battle of immortals actually forced his sect suppression method." Not far away, Mu Xi watched Huo You lose in an instant. , while Huo Li, who fell into madness, directly called out the ancient fire lion and couldn't help cursing.

He could never have imagined that, regardless of Xiao Yan's mediocre strength, when he actually fought, Xiao Yan's true combat power was almost the same as or even stronger than the powerhouses in the late Sanxing Dou Xian.

"Xiao Yan, this guy is really a freak."

"This mere strength in the early stage of the Three-Star Fighting Immortal, can actually deal with two strong players in the late Three-Star Fighting Immortal stage at the same time. It's really embarrassing." Mu Ge also looked at the tyrannical Xiao Yan and said shamelessly.

"This guy is really getting stronger and stronger..."

"The matter of Shengyan, let's forget it. When the four continents competition is over, I should go back." Seeing this, Liu Qing's eyes flashed, and he shook his head.

"Little bastard, die!" Huo Li's pupils not far away were red, and the flame fighting Qi around him slowly evolved into a ferocious flame giant lion after being injected with blood by himself.

The giant flame lion is made up of flame energy, and the whole body is bathed in fiery red flames. A pair of blood-filled pupils slowly stares at Xiao Yan, so powerful that the evil aura around him is shunned.

"Is it an energy creature condensed from flame fighting qi and blood?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan finally had a dignified look in his pupils. Obviously, the fierce flame aura on this ancient fire lion, even Xiao Yan at this time, felt a burst of energy. tricky.

"Ancient Fire Lion, kill him for me!" The next moment, seeing the formation of the Ancient Fire Lion, Huo Li burst out.

"Hoohoho!" The ancient fire lion seemed to be extremely spiritual, so ordered by Huo Li, he immediately lifted his head wrapped in fiery red flames and stared at Xiao Yan.

"Xuuuu!" What surprised Xiao Yan was that, being stared at so easily by this ancient fire lion, a chill came out of Xiao Yan's body.

"Crash!" After a while, the ancient fire lion didn't pause at all, stepping on the endless void with his toes, and easily came to Xiao Yan's side.

"Bang bang bang!" The ancient fire lion came to Xiao Yan's side, and suddenly raised its front paws, and slapped away at Xiao Yan's Tianling Gai.

"What a tyrannical flame creature." Xiao Yan turned around and just avoided the claws of the ancient fire lion, but the void one meter away from Xiao Yan was suddenly smashed by the ancient fire lion. If such a tyrannical attack hit Xiao In that case, I'm afraid it won't be any better than this Broken Void.

"Weng buzzing!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan shouldn't stay here for a long time. Immediately, the space shuttle handprint suddenly appeared, the space squirmed, and the next moment it appeared, it was a hundred meters away.

"Little bastard, where are you running!" Seeing Xiao Yan being chased away, Huo Li couldn't help laughing.

"Boom!" No matter how fast Xiao Yan ran, the ancient fire lion seemed to lock Xiao Yan's breath, and the next moment, the bright flame hair suddenly turned into a shooting star, blasting towards Xiao Yan.

"A flame creature..."

"It seems that I can only use that thing." Xiao Yan muttered while running away, and all of a sudden, the **** aura and the power of the seal in his body continued to condense.

"Why does this guy keep running away?"

"Huo Li, don't give this kid a chance, this guy is tricky!" At the next moment, Mu Xi snorted at Huo Li.

"Boy, it's over!"

"Go to **** with remorse." After receiving Mu Xi's voice, Huo Li was not hesitant, and the dazzling fighting qi was injected into the ancient fire lion, and the breath of the ancient fire lion was suddenly surging.

"almost……"

"I'll give you a gift too!"

"Spirit-devouring blood tablet, suppress me!" Suddenly, Xiao Yan's mouth slowly laughed, and then a trace of blood-colored energy on the palm of his hand suddenly threw it towards the ancient fire lion's body.

The blood-colored energy had just emerged, and it immediately brought bursts of extremely tyrannical imprisoning power. Even the evil aura of the entire space was suppressed a lot. Suddenly, the blood-colored energy turned into pieces with the power of strange seals under the gaze of everyone. The huge stone tablet, the **** and tyrannical breath on the stone tablet, appeared suddenly as if falling from the sky, and immediately surrounded the ancient fire lions.

"not good!"

"Ancient Fire Lion, come out!" Huo Li's vision was extraordinary, and naturally he easily saw the extremely powerful sealing power on the stone tablets, and immediately shouted, he knew that Xiao Yan was using a seal fighting skill. If they were sealed by the sealing fighting skills, they would probably be stronger than the ancient fire lions, and they would also be sealed for a short time. At that time, they would probably not be Xiao Yan's opponents.

"Weng Om!" Dozens of spirit-devouring blood steles just appeared, and immediately surrounded the ancient fire lion. On the stone stele, a trace of imprisoned power and blood filled the air, so there was no waiting for the ancient fire lion to react. , and completely blocked the retreat of the ancient fire lion.

"Hoohoho!" The ancient fire lion looked at the dozens of mysterious stone tablets around it, and a voice containing anger suddenly sounded.

"Hey!" After a while, the ancient fire lion raised its front paws surrounded by flames, and attacked the stone stele.

"..." The seemingly tyrannical claw hit the stone tablet, but it did not bring any energy ripples. Even with the fall of the attack, the flame breath on the ancient fire lion suddenly dropped a lot, even its strength. They were instantly suppressed to the level of the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals and they were still being suppressed.

"asshole!"

"I fought with you!" In an instant, seeing Xiao Yan's actions, Huo Li suddenly burst into flames and turned into a sharp flaming giant sword, blasting towards Xiao Yan. He knew that there was no more ancient fire lion. With the help of Xiao Yan alone, it is impossible to defeat Xiao Yan.

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan's eyes slowly closed, so dozens of stone tablets appeared around Huo Li, completely imprisoning Huo Li's figure.

"Damn..." Seeing such a scene, Mu Xi also snorted coldly, then before Xiao Yan could make a move, he immediately fled away.

"Suppress me!" Seeing Mu Xi fleeing instantly, Xiao Yan shook his head, so he suddenly squeezed his palm. At that time, the ancient fire lion was suppressed and disappeared, and Huo Li's fierce aura was also extremely weak.

Originally, Huo Li's strength was extremely tyrannical, but after Huo You was knocked out, he was swept away by anger, and he called out the ancient fire lion at a huge cost, so he wasted too much fighting qi, and now he was easily suppressed by Xiao Yan.

"This guy...is really tyrannical." The four women and one man below looked at Xiao Yan, who had so easily defeated the two three-star Fighting Immortal late stage powerhouses above the sky, and couldn't help but start to be surprised.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: