Chapter Vol 4 2018: The demon baby is coming, half-finished product?

"impossible!"

"Impossible!" A trace of tremor emerged from the body of the Blood King Mo, and even deep within his body, a wave of fear spread uncontrollably.

The power of the six holy flames far exceeded his expectations. Even he could not resist this extreme power!

"Let's stay here forever." Xiao Yan is condescending, his whole body is splendid and glorious, with the blessings of Fen Jue and Ji Gu Chi, the power of flame purification is incomparably powerful, and the aura of the whole person is extremely sacred!

"Blood Sea Magic Whip!"

"Break this seat!"

"This seat is absolutely impossible to fall into the hands of Er et al!" Seeing Xiao Yan's body slowly entwining the six holy flames, igniting the dim holy pattern on the ancient ruler, the blood king Mozai did not dare to hesitate. All the power in the body burst out from the sky like rolling thunder, killing Xiao Yan!

Although the six holy flames are strong, as long as Xiao Yan is killed, everything will be solved!

"No need." Seeing the golden flames around Xun'er's body, the golden crows crawled quietly, once the Blood King Mo attacked, Xun'er would resist without hesitation, but Xiao Yan smiled softly.

"Eternal ruler!"

"The King of Six Flames!" A wild and unrestrained voice sounded like a god's mansion punishing the evil people in the world. The Sanskrit sound was high-pitched and extremely sacred.

"Weng Om!" In an instant, six holy flames directly wrapped the ancient ruler, protecting the ancient ruler like petals, and the unprecedented holy patterns on the ancient ruler illuminated the entire Senluo hell.

"Boom!" A deafening voice sounded, and immediately in the entire space, countless sinister auras were completely enveloped by Xiao Yan's formation and could not escape.

At this moment, in this eerie and eerie Senluo hell, it has transformed into a real lava purgatory!

The ancient ruler gently waved towards the Blood King Mo, and a swipe of the holy fire of purifying that was destroying the dead and the rotten, swept out!

Six-color gorgeous flame, the center of the flame is wrapped with a milky white holy pattern ruler, and its aura is unmatched!

"No!" Seeing that his power was completely penetrated by Xiao Yan in an instant, the blood king Mo finally realized that the six holy flames and the dull holy pattern on the ancient ruler finally made his memory tremble. .

It was the supreme weapon of the Holy King during the First World War!

"Crash!" With a sound, the blood king Mo's body was completely submerged under the six petals of the holy ruler, and the entire body quickly disappeared.

However, the whole body of the source of evil, surrounded by six-color petals, was obviously completely suppressed.

"Pfft!" With the suppression of the blood king Mo, countless lonely ghosts in the entire Senluo **** let out horrific roars and screams. They were originally the nourishment of the devil infant, but now they were easily eliminated and purified by Xiao Yan. write.

"Huhu." After doing all this, watching the evil aura in Sen Luo's **** quickly subside, Xiao Yan's body was out of control, and he staggered and fell from the sky.

This seemingly simple blow drew almost all of Xiao Yan's vindictive energy.

"Brother Xiao Yan, are you alright?" Xun'er's eyes were quick, her delicate body moved, and Qing Qing held Xiao Yan in his arms, and asked with concern in a soft voice.

"No...it's fine." Feeling the warmth and softness so close at hand, Xiao Yan's heavy eyelids finally fell gently. He didn't fall into a coma, he was just rather weak, he just enjoyed this unmissable opportunity.

"Huh." After a while, Xun'er also noticed something. The person in his arms was quite restless, his mind was shaking back and forth, and he didn't know if he touched some other things intentionally or unintentionally. The behavior was quite wrong, but Xun'er also With just a light snort, the blush on the cheeks became more and more obvious.

"Crash!" As for the other side, the blood king Mo's origin was sealed, and he was stuck in the sky, unable to move, and the evil aura in the entire Senluo **** was enveloped by the remaining six-color petals. Back clean.

"..." The entire space was dead silent, with only a trace of evil aura running around and making angry low-pitched roars. In addition, the last trace of Blood King Mo's origin was extremely quiet. Obviously, his power and his consciousness were all destroyed by Xiao. Yan completely beheaded, and it would take a very long time to regain the peak of light with such a trace of origin.

"The trip to the ancient prison should be over." Xun'er looked around and said happily.

"Well, it's over."

"Xun'er, go and help the peerless Heavenly Emperor seniors first, I'll rest here." Xiao Yan said with a grin.

"Okay." Xun'er agreed, a pure force was sent into Xiao Yan's body, and immediately his body was as light as a lark, and went away to the outside world.

The Blood King Mo is dead, so the remaining shrimp, soldiers and crabs are naturally nothing to be afraid of, but now Xiao Yan is quite weak and only himself can come forward.

"Bang bang!" After Xun'er left, half of the territory in Senluo's **** was purified, and it was only a matter of time before the remaining evil aura was purified and wiped out.

"Come here for me!" Xiao Yan was not polite, he waved his hand directly, and pocketed the last trace of the Blood King Mo's origin. Anyway, he had a way to investigate the information.

"Crackling." Just as Xiao Yan waved his palm, a dark shadow as fast as a ghost suddenly appeared, and the evil source suppressed by the six-color holy flame petals disappeared in front of Xiao Yan out of thin air.

"what!"

"Get out of here!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan frowned, fighting spirit, soul power and holy flame emerged together.

"Susu, thank you very much." Facing Xiao Yan's roar, a rather hoarse voice echoed in the sky.

"Magic baby?" Xiao Yan heard the words and couldn't help but look up.

I saw a figure surrounded by blood-colored energy slowly emerging in midair His body was like a human child in his teens, but it was strange that apart from his hands, feet, and eyes, he had nothing left. The place below is actually full of rare blood-colored energy.

"Oh...it turns out to be a half-finished product." After blinking, Xiao Yan also smiled with relief, the power of this guy was floating, and he didn't even reach the level of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal.

"It's not a semi-finished product!"

"I am the king!"

"The king of the alien race!"

"Humble human beings, feel my..." The blood-colored demon infant roared with fury when he heard the words.

"It's not a good habit to learn to intimidate others at such a small child." Xiao Yan's body appeared beside the demon baby like a ghost, he easily lifted it with one hand, and said with a smile.

"let me go!"

"I am the king of the evil clan outside the realm, you are slack towards the future king, be careful I will kill you!" The demon baby roared with claws and claws, but unfortunately it didn't help.

"I can't believe that the blood king Mo has led the army here for so many years, and finally created a half-finished evil baby. Let's drown here together, it is your best belonging." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, and immediately grabbed the ghost in his hand. Throw it at the purification center in the explosion circle.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: