Chapter Vol 4 1492: Chaos situation!

"Xiao Yan!" When Mu Xi and the living dead had just stepped on the white jade stone pillar and penetrated the evil black mist to the top of the tomb, they saw Xiao Yan deep in the center of the altar, and their expressions became distorted. The resentment emerged, and it was obvious that the two had a deep connection to Xiao Yan.

"Liu Yang, if there is a chance, immediately kill Xiao Yan!"

"As for the ruins of the Tianwangzang, don't worry." Mu Xi said uncertainly, did he know that the black coffin on the top of the mountain might be the ultimate goal of this trip, but his hatred for Xiao Yan made him roar.

"Okay... But before beheading him, the tomb of the King of Heaven is the most important thing." After speaking, the two also quieted down.

"The coffin is full of many hidden fluctuations. It seems that it is indeed the place where Tianwangzang fell." On a white jade stone pillar, Liuyun and Nebula also spoke slowly.

"Senior sister, let's do it, otherwise once other strong people succeed, I'm afraid..." Liu Yun's eyes became hot.

"Wait a minute, there seems to be something wrong with the black coffin and the black flame giant sword." Senior Sister Nebula directly resisted Liu Yun's impulse, her beautiful eyes flashing.

"The mausoleum of Tianwangzang... the treasures of the relics are all mine!" Shen Jun of the Soul Beast Alliance looked at the strange coffin above the mountain and couldn't help laughing.

"Senior brother, the black flame giant sword above the coffin seems to have a trace of evil aura, so strong." After a while, the two people from Wanshun Palace also spoke at the same time.

"Tianwangzang..." Hei Jue in Ghost Shadow Valley also looked weird, but the natural darkness made him extremely sensitive to the black flame giant sword above the coffin, as if it was filled with extremely evil destructive power .

"Is that... all the power of the Sky Poison Temple is transformed?"

"According to the information we have obtained, Tiandusha will spare no expense to completely obliterate Tianwangzang, and now it seems that Tianwangzang has fallen, but the situation of Tiandusha is not optimistic."

"But the powerhouses here are only three-star fighting immortals. If they can successfully release the Sky Poison Temple, they will all be buried with them!"

"Susu!" On a rather hidden white jade stone pillar, the three members of the Hidden Soul Society laughed grimly.

The powerhouses of the four continents are naturally very hostile to the guys from the Hidden Soul Society, but at this time everyone's eyes are attracted by the coffin, and naturally no one notices them.

"It's all here." Xiao Yan, who was standing on the ground at the edge of the altar, immediately smiled when he saw the appearance of a tyrannical figure.

"It seems that you are waiting for them if you don't take the lead." Yuan Yan also slowly got up and turned his face to the crowd. Obviously, when they just stepped on the edge of the altar, they could clearly climb up the mountain. After all, Xiao Yan did not do that.

"Forget it, who is Tianwangzang? His mausoleum is not that simple, and there is something wrong with the hell-like evil aura on the black flame giant sword." Xiao Yan shook his head, he didn't know why At the same time, Xiao Yan's soul power and the power of holy flame burst out a strong wave that kept Xiao Yan away from the coffin, so Xiao Yan did not take the lead.

Judging from the fluctuations emanating from the two, it seemed that the threat posed by the incomparably evil black flame sword was far less intense than the faint aura in the coffin.

"Have you found anything?" Looking at the many strong men who were constantly approaching the altar, Xiao Yan asked Yuan Yan calmly.

"The ancient pattern on the ground of the altar should be a rune used to expel and resist the erosion of evil aura. It is exactly the same as the one on the white jade stone pillar just now, but the rune here is stronger than the latter." Yuan Yan said .

"Is that so..." Xiao Yan heard the words, nodded slowly, and then his eyes kept spinning, as if he was thinking about something. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"What's your plan?" Liu Qing asked.

"You guys don't move for a while, I always feel that there is something wrong with this coffin and the black flame giant sword." Xiao Yan stared at the strange scene on the mountain and said.

"Okay." Several other people also believed in Xiao Yan, so they agreed.

"However, these powerhouses are all famous guys on the four continents. If we don't do it, they will definitely notice that there is something wrong with the coffin, so we have to do a full set of dramas. In order for them to do it, I have to run. "After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his figure was like lightning, and he quickly walked towards the center of the altar.

"Not good!" The other powerhouses originally watched Xiao Yan stand quietly on the edge of the altar and walked slowly. After all, their perception also found that there are many mysteries in this altar, but with Xiao Yan's sudden surge The speed, they didn't have time to think too much, the speed also skyrocketed, and then easily passed Du Qifei and the others, chasing towards Xiao Yan, because above the mountain was where the coffin was, once Xiao Yan took the lead, they would also be able to Returning without success, that kind of situation is obviously not what they want to see.

"Shameless child!"

"You played tricks on us in Dead Silence Valley, do you think you still have a chance?" At this moment, a voice like thunder suddenly sounded, and it immediately followed Xiao Yan with a sharp roar of wind.

"Soul Beast Alliance?" Xiao Yan's speed was still extremely fast, he turned his head to look at the figure chasing quickly from the side, and couldn't help muttering.

"Xiao Yan, retreat quickly, we can ignore the deadly valley, otherwise so many strong men join forces, you have only one dead end!" Suddenly, Liu Yang, the living dead of the Thousand Puppet Sect, also suddenly drank.

"Then let's see if you have this chance!" Xiao Yan's voice just finished, and he came to the bottom of the mountain without any hesitation A dazzling flame emerged from his body, and the speed was soaring, directly facing the mountain. go to the top.

"Damn!"

"Thousand Puppet Ghost Technique!" After a while, the living dead Liu Yang snorted coldly, and the dazzling ghost energy around him suddenly converged into a vicious poisonous snake, with a terrifying aura of gloomy resentment, and shot at Xiao Yan suddenly, as if he wanted to With this attack, Xiao Yan's progress was blocked.

"Blood cat!"

"Stop him!" Shen Jun's face of the Soul Beast Alliance turned gloomy. At this time, an extremely fast Soul Beast figure suddenly swept out of its body and attacked Xiao Yan.

"The Art of Ten Thousand Souls!" Seeing this, the two of the Ten Thousand Souls Palace frowned, and immediately launched an attack. Countless ghosts and ghosts appeared all over their bodies, and then shot directly at Xiao Yan. With suffocating heart palpitations, although they had no grudge against Xiao Yan, they naturally did not want the coffin to fall into Xiao Yan's hands. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Tianyin Rhythm!" The two of Tianyin Sect did not hesitate, they took off the guqin from behind, and a melodious and crisp qin sound, with a dazzling murderous aura, suddenly attacked Xiao Yan.

As for the powerhouses of the Hidden Soul Society and the Ghost Shadow Valley, they remained silent: "This mountain doesn't seem right."

"Tsk tsk... how ruthless?" Xiao Yan came to the middle of the mountain in an instant, but he had no choice but to look at the several fierce attacks around him, and he could only give up the climb temporarily. Tyrannical attack.

"The coffin is ours!" Just when Xiao Yan was temporarily intercepted, the other powerhouses also passed over Xiao Yan and suddenly roared towards the coffin at the top of the mountain.

"Hehe..." Xiao Yan struggled to deal with several attacks, but seeing these powerhouses being tricked, the figure suddenly retreated, and the corners of his mouth also laughed.