Chapter Vol 4 948: Tuogu, magic skills, Dragon God 9 changes!

"With the mother of the fairy bodhi tree, I can restore the power of my soul at the peak, and I will be prepared for my true resurrection in the future." Accepting the mother of the fairy bodhi tree, the Golden Dragon King smiled.

As for Xiao Xuan, since the Golden Dragon King and Xiao Yan started to talk, he has not made a sound. One is to get acquainted with his new body as soon as possible, and the other is to listen to the conversation between Xiao Yan and the Golden Dragon King.

When Xiao Xuan was in Dou Qi Continent, he had vaguely heard about the Golden Dragon King.

The dragon clan is on the Dou Qi Continent, and the only bloodline that is quite pure is the Taixu Ancient Dragon, but even the bloodline of the Taixu ancient dragon is too far from the Dragon God. The dragon family that really has the bloodline closest to the Dragon God is Nine A dragon child.

Among the nine dragon sons, the Golden Dragon King is the most powerful.

"Hey, let's meet with apprentice and apprentice. Since that old guy from Emperor Tuoshe gave you all the Fen Jue, I can't neglect you." After a while, the Golden Dragon King suddenly laughed.

Since he is going to leave, he must not be left out in the cold. After all, the matter of the Xiao clan is too large, if it is not for Xiao Yan to give some life-saving means, the Golden Dragon King will not be relieved.

"Hehe." Originally, Xiao Yan was still a little depressed, but at this moment, his face suddenly became bright!

With a powerhouse of the level of the Golden Dragon King, the things he took out would probably be comparable to sky-high prices!

"I don't know Shishu..." Xiao Yan said with a grin.

"Although your physical fitness is good, compared to the real me, it's nothing compared to the real me." The Golden Dragon King said lightly, but the pride in his voice was not concealed at all.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he was relieved. After all, a powerhouse like the Golden Dragon King, even if he had never seen his peak period, knew how powerful he was without thinking.

"As for the means of attack, I see that you are no less than me, so after thinking about it, I'll give you this thing." The Golden Dragon King said.

As soon as the Golden Dragon King finished speaking, a light group slowly appeared between the phantom's eyebrows and was enveloped in golden rays of light.

With the appearance of this golden light, Xiao Yan only felt that his soul power was in a trance!

"This is..." Xiao Yan stared at the golden scroll, and then said slowly.

From the first feeling, Xiao Yan knew that this golden scroll is absolutely the most precious treasure!

"It's actually the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God..."

"This guy, the Golden Dragon King, actually cares so much about this kid."

"The Nine Transformations of the Dragon God is the top martial arts fighting skill of the Dragon Clan. Even if it is as powerful as the Golden Dragon King, it is only cultivated to the peak of the Eighth Transformation of the Dragon God."

"But even so, after the Golden Dragon King performed the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God, his strength was infinitely close to that of the God of War. He used to kill many evil races from outside the realm." At this time, the Soul Eater hidden in Xiao Yan's body couldn't bear it. Live said.

"Nine Transformations of the Dragon God." The Golden Dragon King said lightly, and then threw the golden scroll directly at Xiao Yan.

"Nine Transformations of the Dragon God!" The shocking four golden characters slowly appeared on the quaint golden scroll.

"Dragon God Nine Transformations, even I don't know the specific rank of this thing, but according to my estimation, at least it has the status of a god."

"The Nine Transformations of the Dragon God is the first-generation Dragon God's famous skill. With the increase of the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God, I am afraid that it will not be afraid to face the real Dou Xian peak powerhouse." The Golden Dragon King looked floating in front of Xiao Yan. The golden scroll, said slowly.

"Dragon God..." There is no doubt that anyone who can claim to be a **** is a **** of battle!

"And I'm afraid that Nine Changes is the first-generation Dragon God's famous skill. I'm afraid that only people who have practiced it know the horror."

"Uncle Shi, this gift is too big for me to accept." Although Xiao Yan was hot in his heart, facing such an alluring temptation, he refused.

Through some obscure information, Xiao Yan knew the complicated relationship among the dragon clan.

Dragon has been a proud existence since ancient times, and this Dragon God Nine Transformations is probably the most powerful fighting skill among the Dragon Clan. The Golden Dragon King gave such a great gift, and Xiao Yan couldn't help but retreat.

"Don't worry, the dragon clan is what I have the final say."

"and……"

"The Nine Transformations of the Dragon God are too precious. In this scroll, only the first five transformations are recorded. As for the last four transformations, even as the king of the dragon clan, he cannot bring them out," said the Golden Dragon King.

"Thank you, Uncle Shi." Xiao Yan heard the words and gave a big gift to the Golden Dragon King, and then gently took the golden scroll.

As soon as the golden scroll was started, an extremely powerful violent force appeared, but Xiao Yan was not a vegetarian, so he could easily suppress it.

"Although this thing only has the first five changes, it is enough for you to cultivate to the level of three-star fighting immortals, but remember, do what you can." The Golden Dragon King did not forget to instruct.

"Disciple wrote it down." Xiao Yan said respectfully, and immediately put the Dragon God Nine Changes away. At this time, he obviously did not have the conditions for cultivation.

"If you want to cultivate the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God, it has nothing to do with your strength. I have prepared a prescription for you. Gather the contents in a medicinal bath and increase your physical fitness before you can cultivate." The Golden Dragon King exhorted heavily.

"Master, is this Dragon God Nine Transformations a fighting skill or a martial art..." Xiao Yan nodded heavily when he heard the words, but he still had a question in his heart.

"Hey-hey."

"Dragon God Nine Transformations, that is to increase oneself through some special power, it can be said to be a fighting technique that combines attack and defense, it can also be said to be a practice technique, and it can be said to be a body forging technique~www.mtlnovel. com~ Golden Dragon King said quite mysteriously.

"But you must remember one thing, the Nine Changes of the Dragon God, don't show it to others unless it is absolutely necessary."

"The Nine Transformations of the Dragon God is probably only as precious as Fen Jue. If someone with wicked hearts finds out about it, I'm afraid you..." The Golden Dragon King did not forget to instruct him.

"Disciple wrote it down." Xiao Yan naturally knew the preciousness of Fen Jue and the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God in his body, so it was impossible to sway the market.

However, Xiao Yan was a little surprised. The Nine Transformations of the Dragon God can already be regarded as a god-level fighting skill, but Fen Jue is actually more powerful than the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God, which is inevitable...

"Uncle, my ancestor is going with you too?" After Xiao Yan and the Golden Dragon King were waiting, Xiao Yan attacked and came to Xiao Xuan and said.

"His strength is too weak, and he doesn't know much about the world. According to what you said before, this person has a good talent. If I take him to some places, it should be able to speed up his cultivation." The Golden Dragon King said solemnly.

"Junior obeys." Xiao Xuan is naturally a smart person, although he only knows some of the rules of this world, but following the Golden Dragon King, there must be meat to eat, and for some reason, Xiao Xuan seems to be from the clan membership left by the ancestors of the Xiao family. mentioned vaguely.

"There was once a thing, a huge thing, with several golden lights and infinite power."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"For my family's best friend."

The short-lived memory reverberated in Xiao Xuan's mind, and what this clan said, if Xiao Xuan expected it to be good, should be the Golden Dragon King!