Chapter Vol 4 1364: Go to Thunder Pond!

Thunder Pond, this is a very special place in the Thunder Tomb. It is located somewhere on the edge of the Thunder Tomb. Because of its peculiar energy, it absorbs the power of thunder all day long, thus forming a natural Void Thunder Pond. In the Void Thunder Pond, The tyrannical power of thunder has mysterious and unpredictable power, plus various rumors from the outside world, so it is regarded by many strong people as a treasure in the tomb of thunder.

"There are still three hours before we can reach the entrance of the Void Thunder Pond." After a while, a few figures moved forward cautiously, and Duan Qifei and Xiao Yan were in charge of guarding one after another.

"It seems that the power of the alien clan has not penetrated here..." Liu Qing couldn't help but said, looking at the surrounding flat ground without any aura of the alien clan.

"It's a little weird here, everyone be careful." Yun Qi frowned, and the huge soul power made her feel uneasy.

"Let's go."

"Void Thunder Pond is located deep in the Leiling Mountains ahead."

"As long as we enter the Thunder Pond, then things will be much easier to handle... I hope everything goes well." Xiao Yan glanced at the huge rolling mountain in front of him and muttered.

"En." When everyone heard the words, they were also constantly moving forward with vigilance.

At this moment, not only Xiao Yan and the others were heading towards the entrance of the Thunder Pond in the depths of the Thunder Spirit Mountains, but even many contestants who entered the Thunder Tomb also went there. They all knew that the Thunder Tomb had been destroyed by Evil tribes from outside the territory have penetrated, and if they don't seek shelter, I am afraid they will not be able to escape the claws.

"Mu Xiao, Blood Crystal, how are things going?" Green-robed Phantom Eyes asked slowly in a hidden place in the Lei Ling Mountains.

"My lord, all powers are hidden in the underground of the Lei Ling Mountains, and special defenses have been imposed, so they will not be discovered."

"As long as the lord gives an order, we will launch the most deadly offensive and wipe out these guys." In Mu Xiao's eyes that lost his expression, traces of green continued to emerge. Obviously, the longer the control, the longer the control, the more Their own foundations are shaken more seriously.

"That's very good." Huan Tong smiled lightly, although he knew that Xiao Yan possessed holy flames, but at the same time, he also knew enough to restrain holy flames. In addition, the strength gap between the two was too large, so he was naturally not afraid.

However, Huan Tong obviously underestimated Xiao Yan's strength. Before Xiao Yan fled, it was mainly because Yun Qi's body was seriously injured. In addition, there were several women in the battle, so he avoided unnecessary damage and fled. If the real fish died and the net was broken, Xiao Yan would not necessarily be defeated by Huan Tong.

"Lei Ling Mountains... it's here."

"I hope Xiao Yan and the others don't deceive us, otherwise, this time, we may be doomed..." Mu Ge and his party came to the foot of the Leiling Mountain Range, silenced their aura, and then slowly walked towards the depths of the mountain range.

At the core of the Leiling Mountains, this is an extremely natural freshwater lake. In the lake, the water surface is clear and transparent, and butterflies and dragonflies are constantly leaping out. However, on the water surface, a trace of rare spatial ripples continue to emerge. And the culprit that caused these tiny space ripples was the gray thunder that filled the lake!

The power of thunder is gray, and it keeps moving on the water surface. Every time it beats, there will be extremely terrifying spatial fluctuations.

"Who?"

"Get out?" After a while, in the Lei Ling Mountains, on an extremely wide open space, Mu Ge and his party just came here, ready to take a break, but the guy with the most sensitive sense of smell in the team sensed the void There is something in it, and hurriedly shouted at a certain void.

"What's the situation?" Mu Ge heard the words and glanced away at the surrounding space, but found nothing.

"Brother Mu Ge, stay safe." The next moment, a hearty laughter slowly emerged.

"Xiao Yan?" The next moment, listening to this familiar voice, the tense nerves of Mu Ge and his group relaxed slightly.

"It's me." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the void around him flickered, and the figures of the five women also appeared.

"Yun Qi... Duo Qifei... You are all fine, great!" After seeing the appearance of a few women beside Xiao Yan, Mu Ge said with a smile, these guys were not controlled by the foreign evil clan, it seems that there is still a battle Otherwise, if these guys are controlled, I am afraid that they will really be powerless.

"Now we are probably the top power here. Before entering the depths of the Lei Ling Mountains, we should make some plans." Du Qifei said.

"etc."

"Xiaoyan, send a signal." The next moment, Mu Ge said to the extremely vigilant man in his team.

"En." The man nodded lightly, and then the dazzling yellow grudge entered the air abruptly, spreading out in all directions.

"Weng buzzing!" The next moment, a team of people rushed towards here.

"Auction Zhou Mi, Six Holy Religion Spider Li, Ice Soul Hall Bing Mausoleum, Fenghua Valley Fengyu..." Looking at the people who were constantly emerging around him, familiar names kept appearing from Xiao Yan's mouth.

"The eight major forces of Leicheng, except for Mu Xiao and Blood Crystal, who were controlled by the evil tribe outside the territory, the other powerhouses, although they were injured a lot, still have the power to fight." Seeing the appearance of a group of people around, Mu Ge said with a smile, these People will decide whether they can break through the last blockade of the evil race outside the territory and enter the void thunder pool to find the hope of breaking the game.

"In this case, it's not impossible." Seeing that there were so many, hundreds of people in the huge team, and even a lot of powerhouses are rushing towards here, Xiao Yan suddenly smiled slowly.

"Is that Xiao Yan... Yun Qi, Mu Ge and Du Qifei..."

"How many of them are, but our last hope." Looking at several representatives in the field, the hearts of countless contestants were raised in their throats.

"Let's start." Seeing that this space turned into thousands of people in a short time, Xiao Yan said.

"En." Several representatives nodded slowly.

"Everyone, I'm Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power covered everyone's soul realm. He did this to prevent foreign evil races from listening.

"Now the Thunder Tomb has been invaded by the evil tribes outside the territory. For this reason, Thunder Valley is trying to find a way to wipe out the evil tribes outside the territory, so you don't need to panic."

"Later I will use the holy flame to give everyone a flame of resistance to the power of evil. This is the last battle of whether we can enter the shelter... I hope everyone...help me!" Xiao Yan majestic the sound of. Slowly echoed out.

"Strengthen my world!"

"Extraterritorial evil clan will be enemies forever!" At this moment, these guys also no matter what identity Xiao Yan is, it is obvious that Xiao Yan is a human being, and it has been exposed from the possession of holy flame, but compared with the foreign evil clan, the door's view is different. What does it count?

"Weng Buming!" A trace of khaki flames continued to emerge from the body of everyone present. With this trace of holy flame power, it was enough for them to stay awake for a short period of time without being controlled by foreign evil clans.

"Now that you're ready, let's go." Seeing Xiao Yan's pale face, he helped him up, Yun Qi's tender body clinging to Xiao Yan, but he felt some familiar fluctuations, these fluctuations, It seems to originate from the memory of the previous life, but Yun Qi at this time obviously does not have much time to think about other things.

In this way, thousands of people headed for the depths of the Lei Ling Mountains in a mighty manner, but they didn't know whether this trip was life or death.

. Fastest update URL