Chapter 553: Holy flame's temptation!

"Never mind!" Xiao Yan didn't know what the flaming figure was trying to do, so he had to be vigilant. The flames inside his body revolved at a high speed, and circles of flames continued to emerge. The figure moved instantly, trying to avoid the attack of the flaming figure!

"Bang bang bang!" But the figure of the flame figure was even more bizarre. As soon as the figure moved, it instantly hit Xiao Yan.

Three voices came, and Xiao Yan was hit by a flame figure on his body!

Where it hit, the red-yellow flames scorched slightly, and even with the isolation of his own fire, Xiao Yan felt a pain that penetrated deep into his bones!

"damn it!"

"What the **** is this holy flame doing?" Xiao Yan can feel that this holy flame is definitely not joking. Although this level of attack is not enough to kill, it is combined with the terrifying power of the holy flame. Yan secretly clicked his tongue.

Moreover, the Fen Jue in Xiao Yan's body is quite greedy, it feels like he wants to devour this flame!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Even the strange fire in Xiao Yan's body let out an unwilling roar, trying to compete with this holy flame!

The power of the red-yellow holy flame had just invaded Xiao Yan's body, and Xiao Yan could only feel that no matter it was the ancient ruler of strange fire behind him, the soul-devouring talisman in his body, or even the flaming beast in the sea of ​​battle qi in his body, there was a burst of fire. The breath of fear!

"Too slow!" The flame figure exited and immediately attacked Xiao Yan!

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan was shocked, it seemed that the strength of this holy flame was far from what he could handle now.

"It's too slow, let alone my body or the heyday. If you can't even pass a mere strength test in my area, then you'll just lose the face of the practice in your body."

"If you can't defeat even me, you better get out as soon as possible." A voice of disdain slowly came out of the flame figure's mouth.

"Get out?" Xiao Yan heard the words, a fiery gleam appeared in his pupils, and immediately the flame that fused twenty-three kinds of different fires on his body, as if he had encountered something extremely angry, the temperature rose sharply!

"Three Mysterious Transformations of Skyfire!" With a roar, a rather mysterious rune slowly appeared on Xiao Yan's forehead, and the next moment, Xiao Yan's aura suddenly skyrocketed!

In a short period of time, it has skyrocketed to the level of five-star Dou Emperor Consummation!

"This thing... why does it become more familiar the more you look at it?"

"Could this mark be..." The alchemist on the side stared at the mysterious rune on Xiao Yan's forehead, and did not speak for a long time.

"How can this kid have this kind of thing?" The flame figure also found something wrong. This mark, only one race in the Great Thousand World has it...

That race, for the sake of the Great Thousand World, sacrificed itself completely. With the power of one race, it has fought against countless foreign evil races. Many powerful people in the Great Thousand World are quite grateful to this race!

This race... is the Xiao Clan.

"Boy, where did the mark on your forehead come from?" Although the flame figure had some guesses, he couldn't help but ask.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Aren't you supposed to know..." Xiao Yan coughed violently a few times, because once the Three Mysterious Transformations of Heavenly Fire were cast, the clan lines of the Xiao Clan were displayed uncontrollably.

Xiao Yan doesn't know what the function of this clan mark is, but Xiao Yan knows one thing, that is, this rune has some other secrets, or there are some other powers in this clan mark, but the current one Xiao Yan didn't have that strength, so he couldn't find the speciality of this rune at all.

"Boy, although the rune on your body cannot be faked, you know that once you reveal this rune, you will die." The flame figure opened his mouth slightly, but his heart was extremely shocked!

As the flame figure said, this Xiao clan pattern cannot be forged, and every owner is probably a descendant of the Xiao clan.

"Wait, isn't the Xiao Clan trapped by them... How could you..."

"The strength of a mere five-star fighting emperor is simply impossible!" The next moment, the flame figure seemed to remember something, and suddenly drank it.

"I'm from a lower plane." Xiao Yan said calmly.

"Lower planes... No wonder, no wonder." The flame figure said relieved.

After the flame figure finished speaking, the offensive all over his body dissipated, and then he said to the alchemist next to him, "What should I do now?"

"Forget it, this is the end of the matter, this kid may be able to help us." After thinking for a long time, the alchemist spoke slowly.

"The people of the Xiao family must have a good temperament. I just checked this kid's body and found that this kid is hidden. Not only did he cultivate his fighting qi to the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Di, but he also cultivated his soul power to the peak of the emperor's mortal level. And that vaguely terrifying flame." The alchemist said to the flame figure through a voice.

"Well, I also found out that the flames on this kid are extremely special, and there are twenty-three types of flames. Although the power is not comparable to the power of holy flames, it is also very terrifying..."

"I think it should be because of this exercise." The flame figure said.

"Indeed, I think that the adult seemed to be cultivating this technique at the beginning. With the strength of one person, he fought three foreign evil races and got out of the whole body. Since this kid can obtain that technique, it is also approved." The pharmacist spoke slowly.

"Okay, everything is up to you!" The flame figure knows his master's character. Although he is extremely peaceful, he is not sloppy in his actions.

"Boy, you can put away the things on your body." The flame figure said.

"What the **** are these two doing?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise, but he kept the clan marks and flames away. After all, Xiao Yan knew that although the two of them were just an energy clone It would certainly not be difficult to kill Xiao Yan.

"Shanyao, where is Shanling?" The pharmacist had a plan in his mind, so he spoke slightly to Shanyao.

"Is her name Shanling..."

"When we just entered this mansion, Shanling was taken away by a certain force... But I can feel that Shanling should still be in this manor." Shanyao slowly took the conch and spoke. road.

Just after taking the conch, Shanyao was surprised to find that the soul power that had been occupied by Xiao Yan in this conch disappeared!

In this case, Shanyao can also be the new owner of this conch.

Previously, the reason why the conch would fly to Xiao Yan was because the conch absorbed Xiao Yan's soul power to nourish itself, so the conch was quite friendly to Xiao Yan, but now under the pharmacist's technique, the conch has returned to its original state. After all, no matter what, this conch is a token of the Tianmuyu clan, and it should be in Shanyao's hands.

"That thing... it really is a scourge." Hearing the words, the alchemist naturally knew what Shanyao was talking about, so he said.

"Uncle Mu, what is that..." Shanyao couldn't help but said.

"That thing... it should be the prototype of a fourth-grade immortal medicine pill that I left behind." The pharmacist's voice sounded like a thunderous thunder in the wooden hall.

"Is it an immortal rank fourth-grade medicinal pill..." Xiao Yan's dry lips couldn't help squirming a few times.

Ask for tickets!