Chapter Vol 4 1181: Clean the portal

"Boom boom boom!" Yu Bo, who was fighting all over the sky, slowly spread out in the sky, adding some gorgeous colors to the spotless sky.

"This beast, his strength is so tyrannical." The black-faced tiger said cursingly while dealing with the attack of the white crane.

Although he, the black-faced tiger and the scarred wolf, were both powerful in the late stage of the Two-Star Fighting Immortals, the dozens of elites in the city lord's mansion in front of him were not vegetarian.

Bai He's strength is equal to the two of them, and it is also in the late stage of two-star Dou Xian. Bai He alone is holding them all, and there are dozens of strong people left, although some are only in the early stage of two-star Dou Xian or even one-star Dou Xian. , but the victory is due to the large number of people, and together, it is also forcing the Scar Wolf to retreat.

"Second brother, we can't go on like this."

"If we go on like this, we will lose without a doubt!" The fire attribute fighting immortal power on the black-faced tiger became brighter and brighter, and then he glanced at Yugan, who was still screaming in the sky.

It seems that Yu Gan has just seriously injured Soul Wuya, and it has been like this since he devoured the soul light group that Soul Wuya used to attack. Even the people present don't know what happened to him, it's just the breath of his body, which is now. From the transformation of human breath to a fierce beast, the breath is more violent, and the strength is getting stronger and stronger with the passage of time.

"Big brother!" The scar wolf's whole body was transformed into a giant tree vine cage, which temporarily blocked the attacks of many strong men, and then turned his head and said to the black-faced tiger.

"Go all out!"

"You must break through here!" The black-faced tiger shouted loudly, and then he stopped holding his hands. The dazzling flames were like shooting stars, flying everywhere!

He knew that if it fell into the hands of Bai He today, I am afraid that waiting for the two of them would only lead to destruction.

"Are you finally willing to use all your strength..." Seeing this, Bai He couldn't help but have a smile on the corner of his mouth.

Although Bai He has no ambition, he has always respected the strong, but for a guy like the black-faced tiger, it is his greatest pleasure to be able to capture him with his own hands.

"Bai He, why do you have to sacrifice your life for the death of your dignified two-star fighting immortals in the late stage? Why not join us, the inexhaustible prosperity and wealth are at your fingertips, why not do it?" The dazzling power of flame on the black-faced tiger flickered out. , and then said to Bai He.

The black-faced tiger knows that the strength of this white crane is far from being as simple as that on the bright side. Although the white crane has been extremely low-key these years, the black-faced tiger can vaguely sense that the power of this white crane is no worse than that of the dead wind. !

"It's useless to talk too much, let's fight."

"If you defeat me, let the two of you go today."

"If you lose, then let the entire mad demon group be left as a burial."

"How dare you take such a gamble?" Bai He's figure said softly, neither in a hurry nor in a hurry.

"Hahaha."

"Bai He, don't you ask about my reputation as a black-faced tiger."

"This gamble, I'll take it." The black-faced tiger said with a smile.

At this time, the black-faced tiger and the white crane are both aiming for the same purpose, because if they want to obliterate the black-faced tiger and the scarred wolf, I am afraid that dozens of elites here will be damaged a lot. This is obviously not what the white crane wants to see. , thus making such a big gamble.

And the black-faced tiger also knew that if he wanted to break through here, it would be impossible without paying some price, so he even agreed to Baihe's bet after weighing it.

"It seems that the white crane is hiding very deeply."

"His strength, even I can't see it through." And in a certain secret, Xiao Yan's voice said softly.

Baihe's strength is naturally the late 2-star Dou Xian, but Xiao Yan's huge soul power is telling himself that under the strength of this late 2-star Dou Xian, there seems to be something more terrifying.

"Since you're ready, let's fight." The black-faced tiger glanced at the white crane and said immediately.

"I can't ask for it." Bai He smiled slowly, and then the fierce aura suddenly burst out.

The silver light slowly enveloped Bai He, and then Bai He seemed to be in a silver halo, and the whole person seemed quite mysterious and mysterious.

"Space system?" And this silver halo just appeared, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say.

After reaching Dou Xian, the power of Dou Xian was born into the division of attributes, but this division of attributes also has the principle of mutual generation and mutual restraint.

And the space system, summoning system, healing system, etc., these are extremely rare attributes, and they have their unique characteristics in their combat or in a certain aspect.

"The space element is against the fire element. It seems that this black-faced tiger has brought its own humiliation." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"Senior, how do you say this?" Xiao Yan asked in doubt.

"I see that this white crane has such a thick silver halo all over his body, and it is surprising that he understands some of the mysteries of the space system."

"Although the Fire Element is a Destruction Element, it would be difficult to hit the White Crane of the Space Element, but if you can't hit the White Crane, I'm afraid it will only be a waste of the power of Fighting Immortals. Mianhu will be defeated sooner or later." The Soul Eater explained.

"This space system is still so mysterious..." Xiao Yan heard the words, but also calmed down, watching the battle in the sky.

"To make things mysterious."

"watch out!"

"Fire Tiger Claws!" Although the black-faced tiger recognized Baihe's space system at a glance, but at this time the gamble had been taken, it was so impressive that the arrow had no choice but to bite the bullet.

"Huhuhu!" The black-faced tiger's voice just fell, and the red flames all over his body suddenly formed a ferocious giant tiger in front of him.

"Tear him up for me!" The black-faced tiger gave an order, and the figure of the giant energy tiger suddenly swept away, its speed skyrocketed, its claws lifted directly, and it attacked the white crane with fierce power.

"Lord, be careful!" But many of the city lord's mansion powerhouses who had stopped below couldn't help but say.

The fire tiger claws of the black-faced tiger may seem simple, but it has really killed the powerhouses in the late two-star Dou ~, so everyone is worried.

"Dong, dong, dong!" But the next moment, a jaw-dropping scene appeared in the sky.

Everyone saw that the tyrannical claws of the giant flame tiger hit Bai He's robe, and then before there was any energy ripple, the space where the white crane was located suddenly squirmed, and the figure of the white crane disappeared instantly, and then the giant flame tiger was terrifying. The blow instantly hit the void, and the crackling sound actually caused the space to vibrate slightly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This guy!" Seeing this, the black-faced tiger couldn't help frowning.

The space system has always been mysterious and mysterious, and few people can cultivate it, so many people know very little about its secrets.

However, the black-faced tiger has a deep feeling that if it goes on like this, when the battle qi in his body is almost consumed, I am afraid that he will be defeated.

"Today, I will be ordered by the city lord to clear the door!"

"Let you have a taste of what your attack is like." After a while, Bai He's voice suddenly sounded, and then the void in front of the giant flame tiger was squirming, and a claw was exactly the same as the tiger's claws just attacked by the giant flame tiger. Without falling, it hit the flame giant tiger's body.

"How could it be possible..." Feeling such a close-range blow, the black-faced tiger's face turned ugly for the first time. At this time, he knew just now that this white crane might not be as powerful as Death Wind, but his The real combat power is probably on par with Death Wind, or even stronger than Death Wind!

End of this chapter