Chapter Vol 2 704: 369 and other cultivation places

The next day, when the morning sun scattered in the Incense Pavilion, a busy day began again.

"Has Luoling Mountain disappeared..."

"This is really beyond my expectations. I didn't think that the Lord of Boundless Mountains could do anything, but I was negligent." In Zhu Lao's house, Zhu Lao said lazily.

"This matter can also be regarded as our negligence. No one thought that there would be a three-tailed demon fox in the boundless mountain, and its ambition was so great."

"The spirit of Luoling Mountain could have been saved by our pavilion master at the beginning, but now that it has fallen, Luoling Mountain may no longer exist." On the other side, the voice of the old man slowly sounded.

When Old Zhu heard this, he smiled slightly, obviously he knew it for a long time.

"It doesn't matter if it doesn't exist anymore, after all, this place is also a place of right and wrong." After Old Zhu finished speaking, his eyes suddenly became deep.

"You're here this time, shouldn't it be for this?" The next moment, Elder Zhu's voice was a little solemn.

"Well, the matter of Luoling Mountain is over, and the next thing is other things." The old man's voice carried a strange solemnity, not at all like before.

"If my expectations are correct, the next step should be to let these disciples enter the training grounds of the three, six, nine, and so on, and then practice the fighting skills of their respective halls, so as to welcome the next Xuantian sect competition." Zhu Lao said.

"Yes, but before that, according to what the pavilion master said, after about half a year, there will be a ruin, and it is estimated that a **** storm will inevitably occur." The old man said slowly, with excitement and regret in his voice.

"Pavilion Master?" When Old Zhu heard the words, his eyes suddenly shrank tightly, as if he had thought of something.

"Yes, that's right, this is what the pavilion master told me. The pavilion master asked us to prepare in advance. Even if we are not the biggest winners this time, we cannot let the Xuanling royal family get it. After all, the recent Xuanling royal family is also quite inconvenient. Taiping, it seems that there is something big to discover." Old Qing said.

"I know about this." When Old Zhu heard the words, a hint of surprise flashed in his heart, but he regained his composure.

"And the matter of saving Yanchi will be arranged after the Xuanling royal family enters the ruins, then..." Qing Lao opened his mouth slightly when he saw that there was no one around.

"This matter must wait for the pavilion master to come back to make a trade-off!" Elder Zhu finished speaking, his eyes flickered sharply. Obviously, every time he mentioned Yan Chi, Elder Zhu's mood changed significantly.

"Okay, then wait for the pavilion master to come back." Seeing this, Qing Lao nodded secretly.

Now, in the entire Burning Incense Pavilion, apart from the pavilion owner Fen Tian, ​​both experience and strength belong to the most terrifying old Zhu Lao, so Rao respects him quite a bit because of his status as the deputy head of the Qing Lao Dangtang Tian Temple.

"Let's go back, today should be the day to bring those little guys into the training grounds such as 369, but don't miss the time." Zhu Lao issued an order to evict guests.

"Never mind." The old man smiled and left here immediately.

"Are ruins..."

"Hopefully this time it won't come back without success."

"Yanchi, I will rescue you no matter what this time. For the kindness of the other day, I will definitely return you this time, Zhujin!" After Zhujin finished speaking, suddenly his spiritual power surged, and then he worked hard to inscribe the core inscription, as if in the Engraved battle array scrolls are normal!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Moreover, there are more than 10,000 terrifying core inscriptions, and at that level, I am afraid that ordinary nine-star fighting emperors can't resist.

"Morning." As soon as the door was opened, the four of them were already waiting outside Wuzhuju.

"Let's go." Seeing this, Mu Yingying didn't ask any questions. After all, everyone knew what Xiao Yan's experience in Luoling Mountain, so they didn't say much.

Xiao Yan himself was helpless. After Mu Yingying left last night, Xiao Yan felt a lot of holy flame in his body, and after confirming that what Mu Yingying brought over was the five-element beast demon core body and blood essence he needed, Only after resting contentedly, this sleep has come to this time.

The group slowly left the Wuzhu Residence and headed towards a certain place. That place was impressively the cultivation place of the 369th class in the Burning Incense Pavilion.

In the Incense Burning Pavilion, it is divided into the outer cabinet of the cabinet.

The outer cabinet majored in the Four Books and Five Classics of Mind, and cultivated the mind, which is the only source of literati and writers.

However, the cabinet advocates both love and non-offensiveness, and is based on kindness.

In the cabinet, it is further divided into three pavilions of heaven, earth and people, fighting skills pavilion, competition ground, cultivation cave, and refining medicine house.

These few Xiao Yan had only been to the competition grounds. Back then, he had just returned from the desert mountain range when he was provoked by Wang Chen of the Hall of Earth.

But today, Xiao Yan and everyone went to Cultivation Cave.

Cultivation Cave, one of the best unique cultivation places in the Fenxiang Pavilion, the nature here is similar to that of the Fentian Qi Refining Pagoda on the Dou Qi Continent, which is enough to speed up the cultivation speed!

What's more, it is possible to rely on the mystery of Cultivation Cave Heaven to suddenly be the bottleneck that has troubled him for many years.

Cultivation caves are divided into three, six and nine grades. Among them, the first-level cultivation caves are the lowest and worst, and the ninth grades are the best.

But for so many years, very few can enter the ninth-level cultivation cave.

"Really, what are Xiao Yan and the others doing?"

"What time is it now, why don't you come?"

"Don't they want to go in?"

"So many people are waiting for them, bastards." At the entrance of Cultivation Cave, two powerful guards guarded with guns. Among them, five people in the ground team were there, and the speaker was Wang Chen.

"Humph!"

"Are you too embarrassed to say that?" Wang Chen's voice just fell, and Ling Xuan, a rather elf-looking woman next to her, shouted directly.

"What?" Wang Chen didn't mean anything, he just complained a little, how could he know that Lingxuan's attitude towards her had changed dramatically!

He had come to ask himself for help before, but now he is so indifferent, which makes Wang Chen feel a chill in his heart.

"Okay, don't shout, it's not too short of time." In the team, a strong man slowly spoke up Wang Chen immediately became weak when he saw that he wrote the second senior brother to speak. momentum.

"Second Senior Brother is still mighty." Seeing this, Ling Xuan made a face at Second Senior Brother.

"You guy, don't get carried away."

"This time, when you enter the cultivation cave, there are only our team and your team."

"However, I'm still a little surprised that Xiao Yan can actually lead you into the three major mountain ranges. It seems that this person should not be underestimated."

"Hehe, that Xiao Yan's strength is not as simple as it seems." For some reason, or out of a woman's intuition, Ling Xuan's evaluation of Xiao Yan.

"To be able to make you comment like this, it seems that this kid is indeed not to be underestimated, but..."

"For me, it's still a little worse." After speaking, a strong breath permeated out.

"Half-step seven-star fighting emperor?" Ling Xuan's pupils were slightly shocked.

Although I have long heard that this guy's strength may have stepped into the half-step Seven Star Dou Emperor, but now that he has really seen it, he is inevitably a little shocked.

"Hey, right?"

"I don't think so." Just as the five of the ground team confronted Lingxuan, a hearty laughter came, and then the four of them walked towards them.

Among the four, there are two men and two women. The man headed by him carries a heavy black ruler behind his back, giving people an unfathomable feeling!

Ask for tickets!