Chapter 416: Undercover bee sting!

Xiao Yan and his party also slowly came to the entrance of the auction house.

Just came to the entrance, Zhu Lao also took out three tokens and handed them directly to the reception girl.

The token in Old Zhu's hand just appeared, and some of the girls in front of him also became quiet in an instant. Obviously, they were shocked by the token in Old Zhu's hand.

"Sir, please come with me." Another girl also took the token in Old Zhu's hand, then jumped in with a few mermaids, and headed straight for the interior of the auction!

"These people actually have the highest standard tokens, and I am afraid they are also the inheritance disciples of the super sect... As for this old man, he can lead them without the token, and I am afraid that he is also a senior elder of a certain sect." In the front, my heart is constantly thinking.

Compared to the one just now, this girl is undoubtedly more mature, with a hint of charm that can be freely taken away, and the rabbit ears on her hair are also extremely cute. In addition to this sheer charm, it is a collection of cuteness and charm. In one, I am afraid that it is rare to get such a woman outside.

"Sir, I don't know if you're here this time..." The girl also had an idea. Just when she was about to say something else, she was unexpectedly interrupted by Elder Zhu: "Little baby, lead your way."

Old Zhu said softly, but this was the voice in the girl's ears, and there was also a tremor in the depths of the soul!

"This old man's fighting spirit fluctuates so terribly... I'm afraid that the current King Xuanling does not have such terrifying strength." The girl also put away her scheming, and then slowly said in her heart.

A few people followed the lead girl into the auction house, and they found out that the size of the auction house is extremely large, and the roads inside are intricate and complicated.

Mu Yingying also followed the girl closely, but for some unknown reason, Mu Yingying vaguely discovered that there seemed to be something unusual in this auction. Her slender eyebrows flickered slightly, and she shook her head the next moment. Then not thinking.

"Here, my lord, this is your lounge." After the girl finished speaking, she also slowly took out a yellow key from her hand, and then opened the room in front of her.

As soon as the room was opened, a rush of incense immediately spread out.

"Such incense is obviously not born from ordinary things. It seems that the Xuanling royal family is really a big hand..." Xiao Yan also secretly said, but he was also shocked by this incense.

The next moment, Xiao Yan also looked around.

This room has a space of nearly 100 square meters. Most of the spaces have extremely exquisite decorations, tea sets and seats are readily available, and a colorless and transparent energy wall also appears in front of them.

"From the colorless and transparent wall here, you can directly see the auction center. If you need to auction something or increase the price, just press this red button." The girl also said slightly.

"Let's go down." When Old Zhu heard the words, he also said slightly.

"I wish you the satisfaction of taking pictures." The girl also tried her best to keep a smile and then slowly exited the room.

"This Xuanling royal family is really a big hand..." Mu Feng was also secretly shocked.

Obviously, the effect of this incense alone is to make them concentrate. Obviously, this incense is also extremely extraordinary, not to mention these expensive tables, chairs and benches.

As for the most powerful one, it is probably the colorless and transparent wall in front of him.

Mu Feng also closed the door directly, and then came to the side of the colorless and transparent wall, his eyes swept away, and the huge auction center also clearly appeared in Mu Feng's eyes.

"It seems that you can see the outside situation from the inside, but you can't see the inside situation from the outside... This Xuanling royal family is really smart."

"One is to protect the privacy of the auctioneer, and the other is to prevent the conflict caused by the auctioneer's direct infighting." Mu Feng also praised.

"Dong dong dong!" A series of knocks on the door also sounded.

"Who is it!" Xiao Yan was also the first to say suddenly when the door of the room was knocked on.

"My own person, come in." Elder Zhu also slowly sat on a soft seat and said slowly.

"Old Zhu." The door to the room was gently pushed open, and a figure in black came in. Even with Xiao Yan's enormous soul power, he couldn't tell whether it was a man or a woman.

However, Xiao Yan could vaguely sense the extremely hot fluctuations on the man in black, and the fluctuations in Dou Qi were probably at the level of a Seven Star Dou Emperor!

"This should be regarded as your senior brother, Bee Sting. He is our undercover agent lurking in the Xuanling Royal Family in the Fenxiang Pavilion."

"Bee Sting, how's the investigation going?" Elder Zhu also said slowly.

"Reporting to my lord, things don't seem to be so simple. The Xuanling Royal Family is not only planning this auction, but also mobilizing the entire Dragon-loving Legion. It seems that there is some big action against the Medusa family... And..." The person who was called the bee stinger was also hesitant to say anything.

"And what?" Zhu Lao also realized the seriousness of the matter, and immediately said.

"In addition to cooperating with Solomon, the Xuanling Royal Family seems to be involved with the Soul Clan..." Bee Sting also said slowly.

"Soul clan?" At the next moment, a trace of doubt flickered in Old Zhu's pupils. Obviously, he couldn't understand why the Xuanling royal family had a cooperative relationship with this spirit clan.

However, these small actions were still captured by Xiao Yan, and the corner of his mouth also whispered: "It seems that the power of this soul clan on Doudi Continent is also not to be underestimated..."

"Understood, you can go back so as not to reveal your whereabouts, remember, life safety is the main priority." Zhu Lao also said with a smile.

"Yes, Elder Zhu!" After Bee Stinger finished speaking, he also disappeared into the room.

The atmosphere has always been weird.

Xiao Yan was also the first to speak: "Master, this Senior Brother Bee Sting..."

"This is what he forced himself." Elder Zhu also said slowly and helplessly.

"Maybe you don't know the relationship between our Burning Incense Pavilion and the Xuanling Royal Family...because our relationship is like water and fire."

"Okay, now is not the time to talk about this."

"When this auction is over, there will be an experience for you to complete together." After Zhu Lao finished speaking, he closed his eyes and slowly waited for the auction to start.

Several people heard the words, although they all vaguely guessed that this experience might be related to the Xuanling royal family, but their eyes dimmed and they didn't ask any more questions.

It was so quiet that it only lasted for a few quarters of an hour. Through the colorless and transparent wall, Xiao Yan slowly saw a woman with an extremely hot body on the dazzling crystal platform in the center of the auction. appear.

The woman's beautiful eyes glanced slightly, and then a bell rang.

"Is it finally going to start..." With the sound of the bell, Elder Zhu, who had only closed his eyes, also opened his eyes and cast his eyes on the dazzling crystal stage in the center of the auction.

Ask for tickets!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм