Chapter Vol 4 1762: Refine the fighting elixir!

"I haven't refined medicine pills for a long time, I'm afraid I'm a little unfamiliar." Sitting quietly in the stone room, Xiao Yan smiled bitterly. The pharmacist competed in this kind of competition, so his alchemy skills stagnated for a while.

However, Xiao Yan's journey to the ghost world has skyrocketed in his soul power, and his refining skills have also greatly improved, but Xiao Yan has never discovered it.

"Douxian Pill can increase the strength of a four-star Douxian and below by one star, but one person can only take one in a lifetime."

"Immortal rank five-grade earth-grade medicinal pill." Xiao Yan sat on the futon in the stone room, slowly holding a rather delicate scroll in his palm, and muttered.

Although the prescription for Dou Xian Pill is precious, the owner of Medicine Valley was lucky enough to get a roll of engraving, and now it is naturally sent to Xiao Yan willingly, and all the elixir needed to make Dou Xian Pill have been collected and everything is ready. I only owe the east wind.

"I remember the previous pharmacist technique, still staying at the fourth-grade immortal rank. It seems that the immortal pharmacist has to overcome difficulties every time he advances. This immortal-rank fifth-rank fighting elixir..." After buying a few medicinal herbs for Najie and the scroll of the palm fight, Xiao Yan was in trouble for a while.

"Hehe." Just when Xiao Yan hesitated, a figure slowly emerged from Xiao Yan's soul realm.

"Xiao Lei?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but wonder when he looked at this figure that looked exactly like him.

Xiao Lei naturally possesses intelligence, but all actions are in accordance with his own orders. Now Xiao Lei is acting like this, which makes Xiao Yan quite puzzled.

"Don't be suspicious... After you entered the ghost world, your alchemist skills have indeed reached the fourth-grade immortal rank, but your soul power has skyrocketed, surpassing the category of the fourth immortal rank and stepping into the fifth immortal rank. The difficulties that the Immortal Rank 5-Rank Alchemist will face, with me here, it is naturally quite easy to get over it."

"So now you are also a genuine pharmacist of the fifth rank of Immortal Rank, but you just don't know if you can refine this Immortal Fighting Pill." Xiao Lei explained to Xiao Yan intermittently.

"It seems that the soul power in the later stage of 'Tai Xu' is really not empty."

"Since that's the case, let's get started. 20 Immortal Fighting Pills, I'm afraid it will take several months." Xiao Yan smiled bitterly, obviously refining the pills is quite time-consuming, let alone refining many pills with such great fanfare.

"Let's start, since I am one with you, I can also refine it with you." Xiao Lei laughed.

"It seems that in the future, you will become a good helper." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

After a while, Xiao Yan and Xiao Lei sat opposite each other, calmly conditioning their breaths. After all, refining the Douxian Pill is not a child's play, and it is natural to go all out.

"Let's get started!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and immediately took the lead. He knew that since Xiao Lei made a living from him, he would naturally only be able to refine the Dou Xian Pill when he succeeded in refining it. The power is the same.

"Battle Immortal Pill needs materials: Feng Xuanjing, Jiuxu Marrow Jade, Scale Powder!"

"Let's refine Feng Xuanjing first, the other two medicinal materials are quite easy." With an idea in his mind, he flicked his finger on the ring finger in front of him, and immediately a blood-red crystal block like an agate slowly swelled. Slowly floating in front of Xiao Yan.

"Fire!" Without any hesitation, within Xiao Yan's body, the amber rock soul fire from the fusion of the four-color holy flames filled the air, raising the temperature of the entire stone chamber suddenly, and after the smooth breath, it was directly wrapped around the Feng Xuanjing. Try to melt it completely.

Feng Xuanjing can be said to be a special crystal with the highest level of sturdiness in the Great Thousand World. Although it contains extremely majestic heaven and earth energy, that layer of blood-colored crystal is fast. Not possible.

"Tear it off!" But as Xiao Yan's four-color holy flames were baked, the red crystal actually made a subtle sound. It was obvious that the holy flame's restraint on it was quite tyrannical, and it would not be long before it would be completely broken.

"Next is the Nine Void Marrow Jade..."

"This is the essence of the Immortal Fighting Pill..."

"Boom!" A trace of soul power was scattered to control the Amber Rock Soul Fire. In order to prevent its power from spreading out, a trace of power was scattered, controlling the holy flame, and heading towards the second group of medicinal materials.

"Crash!" Jiuxu Marrow Jade is like a wicker, and its whole body is green. It has just been wrapped around it, and then it trembles. It is obviously slowly melting. Its green energy liquid also contains a power that is enough to make any three-star Dou Xiandu is jealous of the power.

"Finally, there is scale powder. This thing can neutralize the violent aura of these medicinal materials with some auxiliary medicines. Otherwise, it will only end in failure." With one mind and three uses, the three core medicinal materials were directly refined.

Refining medicinal pills is naturally quite time-consuming, especially for such high-level medicinal pills, the time required is naturally not short.

Time is like a white horse passing by, and it will be 20 days. These days, Xiao Yan has been sitting quietly. If Xiao Lei hadn’t been able to clearly perceive the three batches of medicinal materials in front of him gradually melting, he would have thought that Xiao Yan had fallen asleep. generally.

"I am afraid that this guy's refining skills have already reached the pinnacle of the fifth rank of the immortal rank and the earth rank, and stepping into the heavenly rank is just around the corner." Seeing Xiao Yan's sharp technique, Xiao Lei said with a smile.

"It's not broken at this time, when will it be!"

"Break it for me!" After three days, when the three groups of medicinal materials were completely baked by the holy flame, the cracks were quite obvious, Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and immediately two majestic groups of blood-red liquid and emerald-green liquid appeared. And a pool of colorful powder for neutralization slowly appeared, and Xiao Yan roared suddenly.

"It's melted..." Xiao Lei couldn't help muttering.

The next step is the most difficult step, Rongdan.

"Crash!" The blood-colored liquid and the emerald-green liquid just touched, like two extremely restless bombs, terrifying rejection and depression, swept out directly.

"Is it going to explode?" Seeing Xiao Yan being indifferent, Xiao Lei couldn't help but hesitate.

"Go!" Seeing that the two groups of liquid were repelling like an enemy the colorful powder in Xiao Yan's hands gently waved, and the restless power of the two suddenly became quiet.

"Rong!" Looking at the two groups of core liquid that had been quiet for a while, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, his hands suddenly clasped together, and the dazzling soul power slanted out like spring water, and immediately condensed it directly and turned it into a pill!

"Good method... Taking advantage of such a short time, it turned out to be a complete compression and fusion of the power of all the medicinal materials. The soul power required by these methods is not cheap."

"A pharmacist at the fifth-grade immortal rank really deserves his reputation." Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, Xiao Lei smiled slowly.

"Boom!" In an instant, a ferocious blood-colored thundercloud emerged from the sky above the stone room, and the heart-pounding fluctuations contained in it were like playing a family to Xiao Lei.

"Fortunately not to be disgraced... The next step is to refine in large quantities." After dozens of minutes, Xiao Lei devoured all the pills, and immediately after fighting the Immortal Pill, the real refining, Xiao Yan also said with satisfaction.

"Let's start, at least half a year or more than a year." As soon as the words fell, the two also began to batch refine Dou Xian Dan, and for a while, the third layer of the nine-story spiritual palace in Xiao Yan's body also became deeper. It even spreads vaguely towards the fourth floor, and once you step into the fourth floor spiritual palace, you will break through the soul of the "Void" realm and step into the next extremely tyrannical soul realm.