Chapter Vol 4 1531: Join Earth Spirit Academy!

"Crash!" The group slowly came to the pavilion, and immediately looked at the five powerhouses in front of them, and the three powerhouses, mainly the Black Corpse King, said respectfully.

These powerhouses in front of them are all heads and faces in the four courtyards, and they are even more peculiar geese. They are all human bodies, without any soul body. Even if they are the masters of their planes, they should be called respectfully.

What they didn't expect was that the receiver who accepted the disciple this time actually sent these five powerhouses!

These five powerhouses, even with the experience of the Heavenly Pluto Black Corpse King and the Three-faced Ghost, only know one or two of them. As for the other powerhouses, their strength and status are even more powerful. Such a lineup can be described as a bit appalling. .

"What a huge lineup." Xiao Yan murmured slightly in his heart, but when his eyes saw Du Qifei, he trembled abruptly, and then saw the dodging gaze in Duan Qifei's eyes, Also understand something.

"Big brother, these guys... are very strong." Xiao Gui frowned at Xiao Yan and said, it seems that among the five people, the guy wrapped in armor turned out to be frightening to Xiao Gui.

"Don't worry, I'm here." Xiao Yan naturally had a panoramic view of this extremely subtle scene, but Xiao Yan knew in his heart that the so-called "Li Soul Guard", the personal guard of the so-called Li Soul Lord, might be the same Xiao Gui's life experience is inextricably linked.

"Finally here." After a short while, watching the three of the black corpse kings slowly come towards the pavilion, the five strong men in the pavilion suddenly cast their gazes towards them, and where their gazes gathered, unexpectedly It was Du Qifei's body.

"This girl... is that the legendary reincarnator?" The five people just saw Du Qifei, and their hearts were shocked, but they didn't show it, just smiled, obviously before they came here , that is, he has already obtained Du Qifei's identity as a reincarnation person, but he does not know that she is the reincarnation of the Thunder Lord, otherwise this Du Qifei will become a real hot potato.

After all, even if the secrecy methods of the people in Heaven and Pluto are well done, they cannot escape the intelligence of these four major courtyards.

"Five adults, the black corpse general black corpse king, this person is the black corpse general in our black corpse room, and is already the strength of the four-star fighting immortal in the initial stage. With the strength of one person, he will kill all the other contestants, regardless of strength. It's still the best choice to join the Court of Adjudication." The Black Corpse King Peixiao explained.

"En." Hearing the Black Corpse King's explanation, Yuan Xiao of the Judgment Court nodded slightly and smiled, but his gaze was still fixed on the girl quietly standing in the crowd.

"These guys, why..." The next moment, Sanmian Guimei also noticed that the eyes of these five powerhouses were not right, and immediately followed their eyes, and immediately found that their eyes were facing Du Qifei.

"I might have to leave." Duan Qifei seemed to have expected this scene long ago, without any panic at all, but her eyes slowly stared at Xiao Yan and smiled sweetly.

"Take care of yourself...if you need anything, just speak up."

"I will spend a lot of time in the Earth Spirit Academy." Xiao Yan was silent for a while, and then said, there was a parting meaning in his voice.

"Next time we meet again, I'll be better than you." Duan Qifei also smiled slowly, and then slowly walked over to the armored Soul Guard Li.

"Let's go, senior." The understated voice seemed to be filled with a girl's free and easy, and a trace of reluctance.

Say goodbye today, don't know when we will see each other again.

"En." Li Hunwei didn't interfere too much. On his body, black lines of strange power appeared, so he gently entangled himself and Duo Qifei's body, and then waved his hand, the space collapsed instantly, two At the same time, people stepped directly into it and disappeared.

"Big brother...Are you alright?" Seeing Duo Qifei leave like this, Xiao Yan also felt a trace of sadness in his heart, but it was just a nostalgia for his partner and had no other meaning.

"This Duo Qifei seems to have something to do with the Lord of Soul Li, so he can send Commander Li Soul Guard to come and lead him..." With the disappearance of Duo Qifei, the Lord of Soul Eater also muttered abruptly to himself.

"This kind of thing really can't escape the eyes of the Lord of the Soul."

"That's all." After a while, the other four strong men also looked at each other, and then said.

"Since the matter has come to this, let's start selecting disciples. I see that among these disciples, there are also some people with extraordinary talents." At this time, Zhou Qi also said.

"let's start."

"This time, let us come first." As soon as he finished speaking, Jiang Zhong from the Soul Court walked up slowly.

"This guy has such a tyrannical soul power, and his soul power is probably the most tyrannical among these people." Xiao Yan's group consisted of twelve people, lined up, and Jiang Zhong's eyes blurred slowly from them. He walked in front of him, walked back and forth, and immediately returned to his original position.

"Little fellows, I'm Jiang Zhong from the Soul Academy. In our Soul Academy, we major in soul power and assist the Master of Li Soul to study some soul techniques. Join us, and our future achievements will be limitless." Jiang Zhong stared at Everyone spoke slowly, with a trace of calmness in their voices.

"I... can I join you?" After a while, the twelve did not move, but the woman who followed the three-faced ghost slowly opened her mouth with fiery eyes.

"Okay... What do you guys think?" Seeing the easy acceptance of a female disciple, Jiang Zhong smiled slowly.

Although their soul courtyard is slanted, it also has unlimited potential. However, every time it absorbs fresh blood in the past, there are hardly any strong people to join.

"Should be gone."

"Just be content." After a while, seeing that the remaining eleven people didn't make a sound, the old ghost of Earth Spirit walked up and said.

"Alas..." Jiang Zhong glanced helplessly, then took the woman aside.

"I am the old ghost of the Earth Spirit of the Earth Spirit Academy. If you are interested, you can join us."

"Here, you will get the best teaching, the best experience, and if you have enough opportunities in the future, you can also become the right arm of the Lord of Souls." The old ghost of the earth spirit said rather lazily, after all this time The purpose is only for reincarnations. As for these disciples, they are not very interested, but they still open their mouths in order to walk through the process.

"I joined the Earth Spirit Academy."

"I'll join too!" Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui's voices rang out as the voice of the old earth spirit fell .

"Oh?"

"You two little fellows seem to be very interesting." For some unknown reason, a tremor emerged from Xiao Yan's body when the old ghost of the earth spirit stared at him like this.

"Since the two of them are willing to join your Earth Spirit Academy, why don't you bring them back soon, the Earth Spirit old ghost." After Shunxi, Yuan Xiao snorted coldly.

"If that's the case, then let's take a step forward." The old ghost of Earth Spirit didn't bother to stay here any longer. land.

"Earth Spirit Academy..."

"I hope these two little guys can shine." Seeing Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui joining the Earth Spirit Academy, the two Kings of Heaven and Hades also laughed slowly.

"Wait... what kind of fluctuation is that?"

"Holy Flame?"

"Well, you are an old ghost of the earth spirit, deliberately mad at me!" In an instant, in the void where the three old ghosts of the earth spirit disappeared, a rare earth-colored fluctuation appeared. In this fluctuation, there was a frightening feeling. The power is the holy flame.

In Li Soul Domain, because of its detached status, there is no too tyrannical imprisonment, so whether it is human or ghost soul, there is not much difference, as long as there is enough strength, it is able to be in the strong The cloud region has its own place.