Chapter Vol 4 2140: Holy punishment, war begins!

"let's start."

After doing all this, looking at the leaders of the various forces who suddenly became obedient, Blake quietly returned to the altar and said lightly to the priestess Yuri.

He just gave others a warning. Now that his goal has been achieved, he naturally handed over the trial to the priestess.

"Yes, Lord Bishop."

Priest Yuri Wenya smiled, a rare temptation exuded from her seductive red lips, and the black dress revealed an extremely terrifying wave.

"Come on, bring me the demon of light!"

The high-pitched voice was harsh, but the voice shook the bodies of countless strong men.

All the powerhouses here are prominent figures in Douyun Continent, but they have reached a consensus at this moment, and everything will only be led by the patriarchs of the ancient races, and they will completely attack the Holy See.

All they need is an excuse, a fuse, and a qualified leader.

The trial of the Demon of Light is undoubtedly the best fuse.

This battle has long been unavoidable, and the winner is just a matter of time.

"Wong buzzing."

The voice of the priestess fell, and the Inquisitors of the Holy See wearing milky white light helmets brought out the demon of light from the underground of the holy city in the distance, from the cage prison.

"Dong, dong, dong!" a voice.

A void outside the altar suddenly cracked open, and dozens of burly and stern-looking judges walked towards the altar, holding a weak woman with scars all over her body.

"The Devil of Light."

Xiao Yan couldn't help sighing when he looked at that haggard figure.

The current demon of light, his complexion is as pale as earth, his hair has already lost all luster, and many scarlet bloodstains appear in his eyes, nose, and ears, and he may have been severely tortured.

On its body, the ankles, arms, and the sacred chains soaked in the holy fire of light, completely imprisoned the body and even the soul of the demon of light, making it face the baking of holy power every moment, and the pain is endless. !

Now she is no different from a prisoner!

"Heaven Mark..."

The Demon of Light murmured weakly, still muttering the name of the Demon Emperor at the corner of his mouth.

She admits that she has done a lot of wrong things, but now she has put her life and death aside for a long time. Her wish is just to take a look at the demon emperor when her soul is scattered.

Just a glance is enough, and there is no more extravagance.

"Punishment."

Without the slightest mercy, the priestess shouted loudly.

"Da da da."

The judges showed no mercy, dragging the dying body of the Demon of Light from left to right, regardless of his life or death, and suddenly approached the altar and cross, leaving a rather bleak **** trace along the way, making people feel shocking.

The Holy See hates evil and heresies very much. In their eyes, the heretics they capture have no human rights, and they can only be trampled on like ants.

"These beasts."

Looking at this scene, Xiao Yan's chest slowly rose and rolled, a smear of boundless anger filled his mind and eyes.

From the Demon Fate Cave, Xiao Yan has more or less learned about the love-hate relationship between the Demon Emperor and the Demon of Light Liu Yun. In addition to his promise to the Demon Emperor, he must resolve this matter if he has a chance. Now that Liu Yun has ended up like this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but go wild.

"Pfft."

Even if it was a woman with no power to tie the chicken, the judge did not hesitate to completely bind the body of the demon of light to the cross, and the divine chain integrated her body and the cross into one.

With his hands open, he was bound by the sacred chains, a trace of the sacred imprint that penetrated into his soul, constantly touching the demon of light, keeping him awake and not falling into a coma.

On top of her feet, fitting the root of the cross, a milky white arc of light is continuously burning and baking the evil power in her body!

At this time, the demon of light was in great pain, and his face was pale and almost twisted, but she had already seen through life and death, and this kind of torture on the flesh had no effect on her.

If it wasn't for the fact that she had always had a bit of obsession in her heart, I'm afraid she would have died now.

The cross was lifted into the sky, and the demon of light in such a miserable state was extremely conspicuous under the eyes of countless powerhouses. The endless brilliance fell on her body, more like bursts of red-hot irons touching her hard. skin, above the soul!

That kind of pain and torture is outrageous!

"Demon of Light, can you plead guilty?"

Black wriggled, stepped into the air, and asked the Demon of Light in front of the cross.

"Confess?"

"What am I to blame?"

The Demon of Light reluctantly opened her eyes wide and looked at Blake, which was her rare stubbornness.

"You were originally a high-ranking member of the Holy See in Douyun Continent, but then you betrayed my Holy See and joined the evil race outside the territory, doing things that people and gods are indignant about."

"With all these evil deeds, you are a heretic in my Holy See!"

Blake's high-pitched voice was unusually loud, and it was transmitted to the minds of every strong man, and some of the weaker ones actually trembled from the shock.

"I plead guilty to defecting from the Holy See."

"Everything I know about the extraterritorial evil clan information, I have told you everything."

"As for other crimes, don't force the blame on me."

The Demon of Light was on the sacred rack and said feebly.

"What nonsense!"

"Today, I will do another bright act to kill you completely!"

"Declare the power of my Holy See to the world!"

Blake laughed, and the milky white energy ripples spread violently, turning into countless sacred halos, lingering the entire holy city!

The entire holy city is splendid with gold and blue, and the lark formed by condensed milky white filaments surrounds the holy city, making it extremely sacred.

"Saint!"

Just like the sound of a Hong bell, it was quickly passed out.

"Wong buzzing!"

The deafening loud sound blasted through the sky, and countless filaments of light were like rainbow rays, falling from the sky, accompanied by the scorching sun's fire, ready to lean on the skin of the demon of light!

The demon of light that was riddled with holes was approached by this unusually sacred aura, and there was only the last trace of evil power left in his body, and an unprecedented fear erupted!

At this moment, countless people raised their heads, their eyes filled with an unbelievable look, and they stared blankly at the sacred punishment in the sky.

The power of the Holy Punishment is enough to obliterate the reincarnation, and it made his soul tremble for a while!

"Tianhen... It seems that we have no fate."

Whispered softly, the delicate body of the Demon of Light began to slacken. The power contained in the Holy Punishment was definitely not something he could handle.

In her body, the power of evil has not been completely eliminated, so when she is touched by this extreme divine aura, there is only one fate!

All forms and spirits are destroyed!

"Crack!" A sound.

Just when the sacred light silk turned into a flood and beast like this, trying to obliterate the body and soul of the demon that purifies the light, a thin figure suddenly stood in the sky. shattered.

At this moment, countless people showed a sense of horror. At present, they were sluggishly looking at the thin black shadow above the sky, and their hearts could not calm down for a long time.

In that guy's body, an unruly force, like a demon unparalleled in the world, quickly woke up.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: