Chapter Vol 4 1940: The supreme attitude, despising all beings!

"Boom!" Dozens of gigantic energies composed of the eight-star Douxian top powerhouses and the reincarnation powerhouses formed a green energy training with a thousand feet, roaring away at the location of the Night King, passing by along the way. , the void shatters, and the power contained in it is enough to annihilate any life under reincarnation.

For a time, the entire heaven and earth where Heiye Town Demon Prison was located contained a touch of extremely oppressive aura, as if this place would be completely shattered and disappeared at any time due to the dazzling attack energy of the two.

"Humph!" Upon seeing this, the night king saw blood-colored evil clouds easily emerge under his feet, and immediately dragged his body to the sky, like a hero who looked down on the group of monsters, and immediately patted it, a thick blood on the palm of his hand. The light burst out, and after the breath, it turned into a **** hand, rolling violently, carrying countless **** auras and ancient evil lines on it, and the resentment spread, which is truly earth-shattering!

"Bang bang bang!" The two equally ten thousand zhang-sized energy pieces made contact, the harsh collision sound and the violently rolling energy ripples scattered around, easily nibbling away the void here.

In an instant, the entire void was torn apart, and the wind was blowing!

"Kacha!" With a sound, dozens of strong men attacked at the next moment, and were easily torn apart by the magic hands of ten thousand feet. Obviously, the strength of the two is not on the same level!

"Pfft!" It was a combined blow from the top forces of Tianxiong Tyrant and the White Bone Demon King, but after a few breaths, it was completely submerged in the hands of the Night King. At this moment, the breaths of dozens of people fluctuated violently. A mouthful of blood was sprayed out, and then the breath floated in the air, looking at the Night King who was stepping on the blood cloud in astonishment.

At this moment, the frail figure of the Night King seems so unattainable, the evil intention of looking down on everything is undoubtedly obvious!

The slender fingers, the sinister blood-colored long hair, and the maddening smile, an icy chill of death slowly radiated from the bodies of these top demon world powerhouses.

They also knew that the combined attack just now was defeated, and at this moment, I am afraid it is a real dead end!

"The demon world doesn't have the demon emperor and the reincarnation guardians who support him. You rubbish, at best, are just a bunch of rabble."

"But it's just right, with the blood of all of you monsters to make up for the torture I've suffered for countless years, so that I can return to my true peak!"

"So... let this king fall!" Looking at this scene, the Night King sneered, and immediately within his body, a prismatic square-shaped black crystal slowly floated out of his blood.

The blood crystal has just floated out, and it is engraved with extremely dark and complex evil lines. After it emerged, the whole world became quiet, the audience was dead silent, and a trembling horror swept the countless monsters. mind!

It seems that in a short while, they will all be turned into the nourishment of this blood crystal!

And this blood crystal is obviously the essence of the Night King. Now the overall situation has been decided, and the Night King believes that no one will always disobey his power.

"Damn it..." At this moment, the Tianxiong Tyrant turned directly into his body, his brown hair matched the body of a beast that was over a hundred feet tall, trying to resist this fluctuation, but it was an extremely tyrannical force, suppressing him and letting him Couldn't move at all.

"My lord...let's go."

"This guy, we will be responsible for delaying his progress. Now I'm afraid we can only hope that the strong people in the center of the demon world will come forward, otherwise our demon world will definitely be slaughtered by this madman!" Both Old Monkey and Old Scorpion roared at the same time. Immediately, it turned into a huge and tyrannical monkey shadow and a scorpion shadow, and with the power of reincarnation of the two, even so, there is still a clear gap with the Night King.

"Death." With a soft voice, the Night King didn't give these guys any chance to escape. The blood-colored crystals wriggled, emitting an extremely greedy smell like a ghastly-faced demon, and the monstrous evil power radiated out. A hideous roar.

It slowly attacked dozens of elites from the sky like an ordinary raindrop, but the fluctuations hidden in the dark were suffocating.

"Not good!" Watching the dim void around him collapse directly, a sense of distortion swept over and imprisoned all of their bodies temporarily, Old Monkey hurriedly shouted.

"Hahaha, this is the end of disobeying this king." The King of Water and Fire looked at the pale faces of the dozens of people present, unable to resist the wave of death, and seemed to have seen them completely turned into bones in the next moment to be absorbed by the blood crystal of the Night King weird scene.

"Haha... When did the defeated generals at the time have the right to point fingers at this emperor's subordinates?"

"Crack!" Just when the blood crystal was about to devour everyone, a hearty laughter that ran through the world slowly sounded.

"Gululu!" For a time, the incomparably evil blood crystal was suspended in the air, without any fluctuations, and the evil fluctuations and evil patterns on it were quietly crawling down at this moment, as if they were afraid of something.

Looking down such a strange blood crystal, a rather handsome man grabbed the blood crystal with one hand, with a domineering aura coming from the corner of his mouth.

"Guru... Demon Emperor?"

"Master...Master?" There were already people who were fighting for their lives. Looking at the handsome man above the sky, he became choked up for a while, and couldn't help but kneel down directly!

These reincarnation powerhouses are all loyal subordinates of the demon emperor, and helping the two powerhouses is just a balancing act. Now that the demon emperor is reborn, naturally...

"Demon Emperor?"

"How is that possible?" In an instant, the face of the Night King, who was standing above the blood cloud, changed dramatically, his pupils shrank tightly, and he lost his voice.

How strong is the demon emperor?

The former demon emperor, with one person and a hegemony weapon, directly stopped hundreds of thousands of elites from their extraterritorial evil clan, including one red king, two white kings, and many black kings!

"Thank you more for that."

"This farce, it's time to end."

"In the past, I thought of your kindness in your heart, and I didn't obliterate you, but now it seems that I was wrong." The demon emperor Tianhen said slightly, every word and every sentence contained a arrogant domineering contempt for all living beings, sweeping the world , let countless evil forces destroy themselves without attacking!

"Don't be ashamed!"

"You have just broken the seal now, and your strength is still less than one-tenth. How can you obliterate me?"

"Water and fire double evil, listen to my order and form a formation!"

"Three Kings Evil Night Realm!" A roar Immediately, water and fire and the three figures of the Night King spread rapidly, directly surrounding the entire sky. Purgatory for a dark night!

The night is the real domain of the Night King!

"It's all over."

"Let me remind you of your old fears."

"The gun is coming!" With a roar, the demon emperor squeezed fiercely, and the blood crystals in his hand were suddenly crushed by his white palm. Countless evil forces had no room to fight back, and they were completely swallowed and purified by the demon emperor!

"Pfft!" With a sound, scarlet blood spurted out from the corner of the Evernight King's mouth, and he was seriously injured in an instant!

In front of the demon emperor, the void squirmed, and a ripple of demonic energy soaring into the sky slowly condensed, and vaguely, an ancient divine weapon was about to take shape!

At this moment, the Night King's face turned pale, and a wave of shock and death swept out!