Chapter Vol 4 1892: Strong duel!

The next day, three days later, the battle came slowly.

"Hey, the battle between Yaoshuai Xu Shao at the early stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal Stage and Yaoshuai Xiao Yan at the early stage of the Seven-Star Fighting Immortal Stage is really exciting..." At this time, countless monsters were surrounding the battlefield. Their eyes are extremely hot, and they are obviously looking forward to the battle between the two.

Xu Shao, who had already arrived at this time, stood slightly in a dark area, looking around indifferently. On the other hand, the other horned demon elders and the wolf generals also arrived slowly.

"Why hasn't Master Xiao Yan arrived yet?" After a glance, the wolf general asked worriedly.

"Could it be that the practice of fighting skills wasted time?"

"But this level of battle, even I can't delay it..." At this time, the old horned demon looked at Xu Shao beside him and couldn't help muttering.

"Old Horned Demon, is it time to announce the start?" After the blink of an eye, Xu Shao faced Sen Ran's indifferent voice, and there was a contempt in his voice.

Although the strength of the horned demon is not strong, but his intelligence is quite high among the monsters, so he can be regarded as an elder in the country of ten thousand monsters.

"It's almost time, don't worry." The Horned Demon said coldly.

"..." After a while, there was still no movement.

"It's time to start..." Xu Shao said viciously just after the time arrived.

"I announce..." The horned old man also frowned and opened his mouth slightly.

"Sorry, I'm a step late, aren't you late?" Just as the horned old man's voice sounded, the surrounding void trembled and trembled, and a faint spatial vortex filled out, and Xiao Yan's figure spread out.

"Master Xiao Yan?" In an instant, with Xiao Yan's appearance, the atmosphere of the entire martial arts field became restless.

"This guy's aura... seems to be a lot more tyrannical than it was three days ago." In the dark, Tianhu Yaoshuai slowly took a step forward, looked at Xiao Yan in front of him, and muttered, after he really fought against Xiao Yan, he knew The heart-pounding terrifying power hidden in Xiao Yan's body.

"Since it's here, let's start." The old man with horns said in awe, and the battle between the two slowly opened.

"Crash!" With a sound, Xiao Yan and Xu Shao disappeared into the mountain range at the same time.

The battle mountain range this time is very different from the past, because this time it is actually an active and surging volcanic area, the terrifying temperature and the volcano that can erupt at any time can be said to have contributed to Xiao Yan's power...

"I didn't expect you to come to die in such a hurry."

"If that's the case, then I will accept all the things on your body rudely." Xu Shao said coldly just after entering the volcanic mountain range, with a slight smile on the corner of his mouth, like a cold The murderous demon, that kind of breath, can't help but make one's heart chill.

"Your Soul Palace is really interesting... The person who said this before has been completely destroyed in my hands."

"If you want to take away these things from me, you don't have the ability to take pictures of you!" Xiao Yan smiled lightly, and his smile was full of calmness.

"In that case... empty hands!" Seeing Xiao Yan's unrestrained smile, Xu Shao snorted coldly, striding out into the void under the black robe, and immediately turned into a gloomy silver light all over his body. Shooting away with Xiao Yan!

With Xu Shao's terrifying attack, the void above the entire volcanic mountain range exploded slightly, and even a trace of cracks brewed out from the void that his body crossed. The beast blasted away at Xiao Yan.

"Huhu...Dragon God Transformation!" Seeing Xu Shao's terrifying attack, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, dragon scales covered his arm, and immediately driven by Xiao Yan, the tortoise-shaped pattern of tyrants burst out brightly. Ancient Xeon power.

"Suffer to death!" In an instant, Xu Shao's attack came to Xiao Yan's body, his palm was gently raised, and a silver space-destroying force swept over.

"Come on!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan raised the corners of his mouth, his eyes became sharp, and the dim light on his arm shone brightly. After a while, he collapsed forward, with a dazzling power on his arm, and blasted directly at Xu Shao. !

"Kacha Kacha!" A deafening cracking sound continued to sound, and then a space crack, centered on the two, spread out thousands of meters behind them like a spider web. At the same time, the volcano below was also full of With an extreme depression, it seems that it will erupt completely at any time.

Even because the two used such tyrannical means, countless spaces in the entire volcanic mountain range exploded directly, and a trace of extremely nervous anger was vented.

"Boom!" The shadowy figure and the silver figure seemed to have no idea what was going on in the volcanic mountain range at this time. One after another, fierce collisions continued to unfold. For a while, the close hand-to-hand combat between the two was actually indistinguishable!

"These two guys..." Outside the arena, Tianhu Yaoshuai couldn't help muttering when he saw Xiao Yan's ruthless shots and Xu Shao's extremely tricky shots.

Because in the volcanic mountain range at this time, the two figures moved rapidly. Every time they moved, the space or mountain range was a mess. Countless trees and rocks were affected by the aftermath of the battle, and they turned into powder and disappeared.

"It turned out to be evenly matched, what a terrifying guy." The old horned demon looked at Xiao Yan's figure, and the horror in his heart could not stop for a long time.

In the early stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, it is possible to fight head-on with the powerhouses in the early stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals. This kind of courage can be said to be respectable!

"Boy, it seems that you do have some background." Right above the volcanic cliff, the two figures slowly separated, and the power of silver space flickered around Xu Shao. He squinted at Xiao Yan in front of him with black eyes, and said with a smile, he could not think Xiao Yan's initial strength of Qixing Dou Xian was vaguely comparable to his own. It was no wonder that many of the powerhouses sent by the Soul Palace were submerged in this guy's hands.

"The new Hall Master Huangtang..." Xiao Yan didn't care about it The blood in the body instantly became boiling, and it was extremely difficult to fight against the powerhouses in the early stage of the Seven-Star Dou Xian with the strength of the early stage of the Seven-Star Dou Xian. , but it also made all the accumulated power in Xiao Yan's body to become blood boiling. In this way, regardless of success or failure in this battle, Xiao Yan's sequelae due to the short-term increase in strength will be completely eliminated. After entering the ancient battlefield, maybe he can also be able to There is an opportunity.

"Forget it, you are worthy of this Hall Master's full strength."

"Do your best."

"Just let you ants see, what is the real soul palace superior!"

"Get ready for death!"

"Susu!" At this time, Xu Shao's black robe shook, and countless gloomy black qi spread out like ghost qi, thus wrapping the entire volcanic mountain range, rendering this place a true gloomy melting pot. The sight of everyone outside was also covered by this sudden scene.

For a time, the volcanic mountain range was completely covered by Xu Shao's domain, and a solemn aura of death slowly drifted into this gloomy furnace!