Chapter 39: Trouble that can't be escaped!

It turned out that Yueru had been waiting for Xiao Yan on the lake before, and seeing that Xiao Yan had not come up for a long time, she couldn't help but feel a little worried.

"Ah! Really, how could I let Xiao Yan go to such a dangerous place." Yueru blamed herself.

After speaking, Yueru's eyes also had some thoughts flashing through her eyes.

Without any hesitation, he buried his head and headed towards the lake water. Xiao Yan was now asking about the medicine for himself.

One thousand meters! This was already the limit of Yueru, and only when Yueru dropped to one thousand meters did she realize that there were actually two worlds! Above is the lake, and below is the scorching lava world!

Yueru also persisted in the lava world for a while, but she couldn't stand it any longer before returning to the lake. Yue Ru is not as lucky as Xiao Yan, she has the body protection and the huge soul power.

But the mutation happened. Just when Yueru returned to the lake, a big bald head appeared. Hao captured Yueru effortlessly. Originally, with Yueru's strength in the early days of three-star Dou Di, if she wanted to If he escaped, even the mid-stage strength of this bald-headed three-star Dou Di might not be able to be caught.

But Yueru just descended to the bottom of the lake and consumed a lot of strength, so she was caught.

"Don't bother, I won't say it." Yueru said firmly.

Between the lakes, Xiao Yan held an ancient ruler of Eternal Fire that was flowing with magma. The tip of the ruler pointed at it, and Dou Qi rolled over it, like a bald head that formed a fiery red cloud.

"Let go of that girl!" Xiao Yan said solemnly, with fiery and violent waves emitting from it.

He had been promoted to the early stage of the Three-Star Dou Di before, and now he does not know what to do with the mid-three-star Dou Di, Xiao Yan himself is also waiting to see.

Mueller's bald head also saw Xiao Yan and looked at him with a smile. With his bald head's eyesight, he could naturally see Xiao Yan's current strength, but how could there be a trace of fear? The bald head has not yet been shot, and the sense of oppression has already surpassed what the Samsung Dou Di has.

"As expected of the young master of Qingcheng, he can still have such a strong bodyguard." There is no doubt about Muller's strength, even if he is regarded as the best among many proud sons. Compared with those ordinary three-star Dou Di mid-terms, it is obviously much stronger.

"This time, Xiao Yan is afraid that he won't be able to show his power."

Indeed, compared to the two, it is clear that Muller has the advantage. After all, the latter is in the middle stage of the Three-Star Dou Di. He holds a superior weapon and has many means. No matter how you look at it, Muller has a better chance of winning.

Xiao Yan on the lake looked at the other party's actions with a flat expression, but he didn't care at all. His eyes were only fixed on Mueller.

The strength displayed by the latter is indeed far beyond the mid-term Samsung Dou Di.

However, in Xiao Yan's eyes, there is a fiery fighting spirit slowly rising up. Before he has broken through the Samsung Dou Di, facing an opponent of Muller's level, he may not have much chance of winning, but now... . is not the same.

"Why do you want to arrest my friend?" Xiao Yan also asked.

"Originally, there is no need for me and you to have no grievances and no enmity with you, but I also like the crescent moon green fruit, and I can sense that the people who took it before are not the real crescent moon green fruit, the real thing should be on you?"

"Crescent Moon Cuiguo exchanged the life of this little girl." The bald-headed Muller also said solemnly.

I don't know why, but on the way Muller could feel the aura of fear from Xiao Yan's body and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire.

"Then see if you have the ability!"

"If that's the case, then we can only **** it up, let's see!"

"Three Mysterious Transformations of Heavenly Fire!" Xiao Yan looked at it coldly, his fighting qi instantly increased with the blessing of the secret method!

It is also the middle stage of the Samsung Dou Di!

The same strength as that bald Muller!

"I'll let you know, the gap between the real Three Star Dou Di and the secret method!" Mueller apparently looked at Xiao Yan and mocked.

Although the secret method can improve the strength in a short time, it will cause a lot of damage to oneself, and the soul and even the strength cannot be improved.

In Xiao Yan's hand, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire expanded, and the colorful tips of the ruler were closed together, like the tip of a snow-white spear, shimmering with cold light.

The dark golden vindictive aura of the bald head also wrapped around his body like a storm.

Mueller clenched his spear in his hand, and said coldly, "I'll let you know that in the middle stage of the Three-Star Dou Di, you can't support you being so arrogant in front of me!"

Swish! At the moment when the voice fell, the figure of Mueller holding a long spear suddenly shot out. Several flashes appeared in front of Xiao Yan. The shadow of the spear shook and turned into countless rays of red light, covering the sky and covering the earth. Coming down, he pointed directly at the vital points of Xiao Yan's body, focusing on fighting like an attacking soldier.

As soon as Mueller made his move, he was fierce and ruthless. It seems that the strength of this three-star fighting emperor in the middle stage is indeed well-deserved!

However, in the face of Muller's strong attack, Xiao Yan also laughed, without the slightest fear in his eyes, the ancient ruler of the ancient fire of Eternal Fire shook his hand, and he was facing it head-on. On the tip of the ruler, there were twenty-three The rays of light continue to converge, and the terrifying high temperature contains terrifying power, like ten thousand stars.

bang bang bang!

On the lake surface, the guns and rulers collided with each other, the sound of gold and iron erupted, sparks sputtered, and every collision, there would be ripples and waves of fighting spirit, shaking the air, and the water waves on the lake were also shaking violently. write!

In a short period of only ten breaths, the two fought for dozens of rounds.

Clang!

The gun ruler touched again and again, and both were shaken away.

Xiao Yan's arm shook violently, and the tip of Yi Huo Heng suddenly turned into a white streak and shot out, suddenly stabbing Mueller's throat at an extremely tricky angle.

However, just as it was about to hit, a spear shadow stabbed, directly deflecting the snow-white hair.

Mueller's expression was cold, and his mind moved, only to see the snow-white hairs scattered violently, turning into countless snow-white rays of light, like sharp blades, UU reading www.uukanshu. The com was overwhelming, covering every part of Mueller's body.

"It's really a weird weapon!" Xiao Yan couldn't help but say.

If it wasn't for that weird weapon just now, Mueller would have been injured long ago.

Muller's eyes were slightly stern, Xiao Yan's ancient ruler of strange fire was also extremely strange. The terrifying high temperature on the ruler, even in the battle, would have a trace or string into his body, so that he had to separate. It caused him great trouble.

However, Ray Mueller was not a weak hand either. With a shock of the magic spear in his hand, he saw crimson magma rise up, forming a magma shield directly in front of him, red and hot.

Countless colorful flame rulers stabbed on the magma, making a crisp sound, and finally bounced back as many as possible.

The figures of Xiao Yan and Mueller also shot back at the same time.

Muller's face was sinking like water, and the magic spear in his hand made a long mark on the ground, and Xiao Yan also fled back, and many flames on his body constantly surrounded himself and the ancient ruler of different fire, facing Muller. kept attacking.

In the previous fight, both sides were ruthless, but obviously they were all taken over by the other side.

Many people were attracted by the battle here, and then began to pay attention to the eyes on the lake, all of which were slightly condensed at this time, and it was obvious that the battle should be coming to an end.

"I have to admit that you are very strong!"

"But the blessing time of the secret method is coming soon, right?"

"It's time for this cat-eat-fish game to end."

"Take my last blow!" The bald-headed Mueller was also mobilizing his grudge with all his strength at this moment!

Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, and his body was full of terrifying power!