Chapter 228: Look for traces!

"Ah!"

The three of Xiao Yan were walking, and Xiao Yan suddenly sneezed for no apparent reason.

"It's really weird..." After speaking, Xiao Yan also touched his nose. Logically speaking, he shouldn't catch a cold. He has a terrifying flame in his body, and he is the least likely to catch a cold.

"Xiao Yan, are you alright, be careful of catching a cold." After Yueru finished speaking, she also took out a piece of clothing from the ring, and then gently raised her jade hand and slowly put it on Xiao Yan.

"Again..." Mu Feng, who was beside him, smacked his lips involuntarily, obviously quite helpless.

The three of them were speechless and continued to walk until they came to the depths of the third floor in a blink of an eye.

Since Xiao Yan and the three of them crossed the cave on the third floor and encountered the mysterious barrier, Xiao Yan has become much more careful, and Xiao Yan's soul force has been looking around all the time. Discover and defend accordingly.

However, Xiao Yan's soul force suddenly revolved involuntarily on the land here, as if there was some special energy here, which caught Xiao Yan's attention.

It stands to reason that this state should not occur, because Xiao Yan is a high-level pharmacist, so his control of soul power is quite delicate, and the huge soul power has always been controlled by Xiao Yan's powerful control power Yes, so when this happened, Xiao Yan had to be vigilant.

Although Xiao Yan didn't show any signs on the surface, he was secretly amazed, and secretly released even more powerful soul power, carefully examining the surrounding movement.

I don't know if I don't check it, I'm startled when I check it.

The place where Xiao Yan and the others are now has a very strong ghost energy and some very obscure auras, which is obviously the strongest in the third layer of the corpse forest.

"Long Yi, where is this?" Xiao Yan also walked slowly, the speed slowed down, and then gently communicated with the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler on his back.

"Huh?" Seeing this, Yueru and Mu Feng also slowed down. They just wanted to ask Xiao Yan if he had reached his destination, but they found that Xiao Yan was looking for something, so they didn't say anything.

"here……"

"It seems to be the location of the dry well..." Long Yi also whispered.

"Didn't you say you know?" Xiao Yan was also helpless, so it was possible that Long Yi was fooling him.

"I know this place, but I can't get out of the secret realm, and the two are far apart, so I can only vaguely feel the location of this dry well. As for the specific location..."

"However, the level of ghost qi here is extremely rare in the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest, so it should be here." Long Yi hurriedly explained for fear of Xiao Yan's misunderstanding.

"Go back, you." Xiao Yan was also helplessly preparing to obstruct Yihuo Hengguchi's communication.

"Wait, Xiao Yan!" Long Yi suddenly said in a deep voice, a completely different voice than usual.

"Huh?" Hearing that, Xiao Yan was also paying attention.

"Although I didn't feel the location of the dry well, I felt the breath of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger!"

"The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger seems to be here!"

"And there is a very strong aura around him..." Long Yi also said solemnly.

"Why did the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger come to the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest?"

"And the rather not weak aura around the Heavenly Fire Holy Tiger..." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

"Could it be that Huo Shenghu also knew about the treasure in the Infernal Corpse Forest that day?" Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

"You should know, after all, the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger also lives in this Infernal Corpse Forest, and is the overlord of a certain territory on the second floor, so..." Long Yi also said.

"Damn, if they were the first to get in..." Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and then a faint murderous intent appeared.

"Hehehe, Xiao Yan, don't worry, although some overlords of the Yin Corpse Forest know about the dry well on the third floor of the Yin Corpse Forest, they can't break the ban, so they have no chance to touch the so-called treasure. "Long Yi is also confident.

"Is that so..." Xiao Yan also suddenly thought of something.

"Yeah, it would be easy to seal the forbidden enterprise of the twin ghost emperors..." Long Yi also said.

"But you can rest assured that Fire Sacred Tiger's strength should be at the level of the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor. As for the strength of the breath around him, it should be weaker than him..." Long Yi also opened his mouth.

"Who is more powerful between you and the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger?" Xiao Yan also laughed suddenly, and then gently stroked the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind him.

"Nonsense!"

"Of course the labor force is great!"

"How can I say that it took me three fighting immortals to join forces to seal me, how can I be confused with this Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger!" Long Yi also said arrogantly.

"Although I've been sealed for so long and my strength has dropped significantly, I still don't care about the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger."

"Hey hey, Xiao Yan, you can also release me when you are fighting to help you defend against a powerhouse who is at the peak of the five-star Dou Emperor." Long Yi also smiled, but his smile was filled with extreme respect for his own strength. confidence.

With the body of a fire dragon and a flame as powerful as a different fire, Long Yi's strength is not weak.

"Hey hey, it's exactly what I want!" Xiao Yan also laughed. He just subdued Long Yi and didn't dare to let him go out to fight alone. After all, he had worries about the future.

Because he had just subdued Long Yi, Long Yi couldn't help but feel dissatisfied, so if he let him go out to fight at that time, it would be a small thing if he was accidentally attacked, but if he escaped, it would be a big deal.

However, this kind of thing will not happen now Because the fire of Long Yi's source has been absorbed and swallowed by Xiao Yan, and the power of the source has been damaged, so he can only inhabit the ancient ruler of this strange fire. He continued to absorb the power of flames to supplement himself, but Long Yi also found that the flames on Xiao Yan's body were of great help to his cultivation.

The presenter said that Xiao Yan still has the King of the Dragon Clan on his body, and the King of the Golden Dragon is attached to him. Long Yi is also relieved at this time and is ready to follow Xiao Yan. When the King of the Golden Dragon returns to the Dragon Clan in the future, he will also be able to win a lot of benefits...

This is the reason why Long Yi really does not reject Xiao Yan, so this Long Yi also began to help Xiao Yan. After all, Xiao Yan is too weak now. As for the return of the Golden Dragon King to the Dragon Clan, there should be a lot of time, but Long Yi is not in a hurry, what their dragons have is a long life.

"As for the aura next to the Fire Sacred Tiger that day, it should be the first place in this point grabbing competition, Mu Yingying." Xiao Yan also murmured.

Apparently, he felt the same hot fluctuation from that breath.

"Is the four-star Dou Emperor peak?" Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

Obviously, this Mu Yingying can stand out among these tens of thousands of people and get the first place, obviously it will not be so simple.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, Xiao Yan also raised his arrogant head. Only under pressure can he be motivated, so he couldn't help showing a confident smile.

"Let's go, it's not far from the destination." After saying that, he went to the place he sensed before.

Ask for tickets!