Chapter Vol 4 1160: Finale, Immortal Leaf!

"This dragon blood crystal was taken in private room No. 3. After the auction is over, the item will be delivered to you intact. As for the task of the companion, I will send someone to inform you in a few days." Death Feng said to Xiao Yan politely.

"It doesn't matter, it just so happens that I'm going to stay in Ghost King City for some time, and this trip to Dongzhou is also on the way, so it's great to wait." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"That's good." After comforting Xiao Yan, Death Feng suddenly spoke up. After all, the alchemist was a hornet's nest that couldn't be provoked.

"Everyone, since this dragon blood crystal has been photographed by Your Excellency Alchemist in Private Room No. 3, then we won't be rambling."

"Xie knows that everyone is here today for the things that are in the bottom of the box, so the auction is the highlight of this auction!" Xiefeng directly sent someone to collect the ground dragon blood crystal, and then stood up On the auction table, he stood side by side with Li Qin and smiled.

"The main event... is finally here!" The mysterious black-robed man in the private room No. 1 heard the words, and his anger at the lack of the ground dragon blood crystal instantly dissipated!

Obviously, the dragon blood crystal is nothing compared to the stuff at the bottom of the box.

"What the **** is this finale scene..." Seeing Xiao Yan filming the ground dragon blood crystal, Qing'er was quite surprised. Although she guessed that Xiao Yan was most likely an alchemist, this guy was actually a genuine third-rank emperor!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

An alchemist at the third rank of emperor rank, I am afraid that his identity is enough to be on an equal footing with the heads of their families, not to mention that this guy is also a strong fighting immortal.

"Is it finally going to start..." As the voice of the dead wind fell, the anger in the auction venue suddenly rose to the extreme. Many people here are targeting this last auction item.

"Come here, bring that thing up to me." The next moment, a secret passage emerged directly from the auction table, and then a soldier came out. The soldier was quite ordinary, but his strength was extremely tyrannical.

It's just that the soldier just appeared, which made the people present sigh for a while. Obviously, this soldier is no stranger to them.

"I didn't expect this thing to be taken care of by Bai He, a late-stage Two-Star Dou Xian. It seems that the dead wind is also careful and vigilant." When many strong people saw the two men and one woman on the auction stage at this time, they couldn't help but muttered.

The two men are the city lord Xu Feng and the soldier Bai He. It can be said without hesitation that these two are the strongest among the strengths of the city lord's mansion. With the cooperation, even if it is half-step three-star Dou Xian early stage, it can only temporarily withdraw.

"Susu, it's so cold."

"What is that?" After Baihe's figure appeared, his hands were carefully carrying something. The outermost layer of the thing was entangled by an extremely terrifying black qi. The black qi cut off all the power of the soul. probe.

But even so, it made everyone feel a penetrating cold. With the appearance of this black box-like thing, the temperature in the entire auction floor dropped a lot unconsciously, and even a trace of it could be seen. Silk ice silk filled the air.

"Hehe, everyone, this is the highlight of the day!" After the city lord nodded, Bai He slowly walked to the auction table and placed the thing wrapped in black energy on the raised auction table.

"What exactly is this..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but say, but at the same time, in the sea of ​​vindictive energy in Xiao Yan's body, a mysterious piece of paper glowing with dark red light suddenly burst out with a rather greedy Days, as if wanting to swallow the mysterious items on the auction table!

"Calm me down!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan hummed suddenly, and immediately mobilized the huge soul power in his body, finally suppressing the riot of the mysterious piece of paper.

In the mysterious piece of paper, there is an immortal sparrow that is sealed.

However, Xiao Yan was also a little puzzled. Although the Undead Might Sparrow was related to Undying Fire, it was clearly sealed. The sealed Undying Might Sparrow was the same as falling into a deep sleep, but how could there be such a violent fluctuation? Xiao Yan couldn't understand.

"Bai He, Kaifeng!" The next moment, Dead Wind glanced at the auction venue, which had become restless because of the appearance of the main event, and said directly, but his eyes were always staring at some strong players in the venue.

"Okay."

"Everyone be quiet, when I unlock the seal, you will know the true face of this important event." Bai He nodded heavily, and then without hesitation, the dazzling power of fighting immortals burst out, and the handprints turned rapidly, carrying a circle around them. The power of mysterious fluctuations, facing the black box!

"Boom boom boom!" The black box seemed to be threatened by Bai He's such a blow, and bursts of dazzling black energy continued to overflow, attacking Bai He.

"Untie it for me!" Bai He endured the erosion of the black qi, while constantly waving his handprints, trying to eliminate the black qi above the black box, thus showing his true colors.

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, Bai He suddenly drank, and immediately shook all the black energy above the black box, thus revealing its true colors.

"This is... a flame?" Some figures couldn't help but say when they saw the black air on the black box dissipate.

"It's not like a flame, don't you have it? With the black box showing its true colors, the temperature in the entire auction platform has risen a lot in an instant..."

"what is that……"

"Both ice and fire?" Intermittent noises of silhouettes rang out.

"How can it be?"

"This is... the fluctuation of holy flame?"

"What the master said is actually true!"

"It seems that this time it really didn't come in vain... Susu..." The mysterious man in private room No. 1 was staring at the items standing on the auction table, and a surprise appeared in his heart.

What appeared in front of everyone was a square cage about ten feet in size, and in the cage, countless ice threads emerged, but it was strange that in the center of the ice and snow cage, there was a A strip-shaped item like a leaf, on top of that strip-shaped item, a dark red flame is like a flame elf, beating slowly!

And with the beating of the flame blades, the hundreds of powerhouses present held their breath and couldn't help exclaiming.

Every beat of the flames emits a trace of terrifying ripples that can destroy everything, but the ice threads on the ice cage slowly dissolve, which is quite strange.

"This is... holy flame?"

"The smell of immortal fire?" The next moment, when Xiao Yan's pupils saw the dark red fire leaves in the ice cage, a shock and surprise flooded into his heart!