Chapter Vol 4 1314: Fight Maple Rain!

"How is that possible..." Seeing Huobai slowly falling from the battle circle, his breath was sluggish to the extreme, and looking at Xiao Yan, he still looked quite calm, standing on the rock, and a group of strong men outside the arena Couldn't stop looking at each other.

"This battle, Xiao Yan won." Seeing this, Duan Tianfeng also flickered directly into the competitive mountain range, protected Huobai's body, and sent it out of the competitive mountain range.

"This guy!" Seeing this, Huang Hu couldn't help cursing in a low voice, obviously this Xiao Yan's strength, even if it was him, did not have much chance of winning.

"Xiao Yan, this guy actually has such a thing as an array scroll... But although he has won against Huobai, he has exposed too many methods. I am afraid that it will be more difficult to deal with Fengyu in the future... After all, this Fengyu is genuine. Two-star Dou Xian is a complete powerhouse." Duan Qifei's pretty face showed a hint of concern and said.

"Xiao Yan, he should have his own thoughts." Liu Qing shook his head slightly when he heard the words. Obviously, Xiao Yan could leave the hands of Sanmu Guitong by himself. Liu Qing didn't believe that Xiao Yan would be stupid enough to use his trump card. Guy exposed ahead of time.

"Xiao Yan, congratulations on reaching the top nine. Next, you have two choices."

"One is to abstain from voting and keep your place in the top nine, so that you have the opportunity to enter the four continents competition."

"The second one, of course, is to choose to continue the game. If you win this second game, then you are in the top six. If you lose, it doesn't matter. You are still in the top nine." Duan Tianfeng said slightly.

"Hehe, I didn't expect Xiao Yan to be the most unlucky guy. He has to play two games in a row." Other people heard the words and knew that Xiao Yan was the unlucky guy who needed two games, so they couldn't help but say.

"Continue the game." Xiao Yan said softly, obviously he knew Duan Tianfeng was for his own good. After all, the game just consumed a lot of fighting qi, and the next thing to deal with was the perfect two-star Dou Xian.

"Okay."

"Second match, Xiao Yan vs. Feng Yu, if you two are ready, then let's start the game." Duan Tianfeng didn't say much after seeing Xiao Yan like this, and announced directly.

"Third Master, Brother Xiao Yan just spent a lot of fighting qi in the battle. It is better to let the others compare first, and we will compare at the end, so that Brother Xiao Yan can recover the fighting qi." Feng Yu stepped forward and said, but his face But it was full of domineering pride, as if it was inevitable to win this battle.

"Brother Fengyu's kindness is accepted by Xiao Yan, but I'm an alchemist, so I don't need a break." Xiao Yan glanced at Fengyu indifferently, and found that this guy looked like he had the chance to win. Couldn't help sneering.

After finishing speaking, Xiao Yan also took out some medicinal pills from Najie and swallowed them directly in front of everyone's eyes.

These medicinal pills are naturally a fairly common recovery pill, most of which are only the first and second rank of the emperor, which Xiao Yan collected on weekdays, but although the rank is low, it is better in quantity. If it weren't for Xiao Yan Because of being a pharmacist, ordinary strong people do not have such luxury.

"..." Seeing Xiao Yan devoured so much, the other powerhouses couldn't help swallowing their dry saliva. Even an alchemist who was rich enough to rival the country didn't have to show off so much.

"Since that's the case, let's start." As soon as the words fell, Xiao Yan and Feng Yu entered the competitive mountain range.

"Feng Yu's strength is not much weaker than mine. It seems that Xiao Yan will definitely lose this time." Mu Ge said with a smile.

"That's not necessarily true. I think not only Feng Yu will lose, but you will also lose in his hands." Liuzhou, who was on the side, heard the words and defended.

"It seems that Sister Liu Qing has a lot of confidence in Xiao Yan...their relationship should be good." Duan Qifei also thought to himself.

As Du Tianfeng announced the start of the competition, the two also measured out their own weapons.

What Xiao Yan used was still the mysterious ancient ruler of different fires, while what Feng Yu used was a black iron handle. There is nothing strange about this jet-black black iron, but it contains a rather terrifying power of space, which obviously fits the attributes of Maple Rain.

"It is said that Feng Yu's weapon is a third-grade immortal weapon. Its power is not bad, and with his own spatial attributes, his strength is even stronger." The outside figure couldn't help but say.

"You can be proud of being able to use the space shuttle as soon as I come. Even if it fails, no one will talk about you too much." Feng Yu's robe was blown by the breeze, with a trace of it. The strange power of space, the black iron is tightly held in the hand.

"Which is stronger or weaker, we still don't know!" Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, and a majestic breath emerged.

"The strength of the two-star fighting immortal early stage defeated Huobai in the late two-star fighting immortal stage. You are very strong."

"However, I am a two-star Dou Xian with complete strength. There is too much difference between us." Feeling the dazzling fighting spirit on Xiao Yan's body, Feng Yu shook his head lightly and said, the two-star Dou Xian initial stage and the two-star Dou Xian were consummated. The perception is really not small.

Xiao Yan's combat power is indeed tyrannical. If Xiao Yan's strength is stronger, I'm afraid Feng Yu won't have much chance of winning, but Xiao Yan's strength is too weak, and there is probably no suspense in this battle.

"Are all the powerhouses in your Thunder City so arrogant?"

"The figure who just said this to me is already lying down."

"You're the second person to say so, I hope it's not the second person to lie down." Xiao Yan sneered.

"Boy, sometimes, being arrogant without strength is called humiliation!" Feng Yu heard the words, there was some cold killing intent in his gentle face, and he glared at Xiao Yan.

"Stop talking nonsense, let's fight!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and immediately returned the heavy Yihuo Heng ancient ruler directly to his palm, because although this Maple Rain is arrogant, it has arrogant capital.

The complete strength of the two-star Douxian was tantamount to an extremely tyrannical pressure for the current Yan.

"Since you're courting death, you can't blame me."

"Let's take it." Feng Yu heard the words, but he was no longer polite to Xiao Yan, and with this kind of guy, he had to use the power of decision to make him surrender.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Drink!" There was a sudden blow, and Feng Yu was the first to attack, his arm shook, and the space shuttle flashed with a touch of silver space power, like a silver thunder and lightning, and shot at Xiao Yan instantly.

The silver lightning was extremely fast, and with the blessing of the power of space, within one breath, it was about to hit Xiao Yan.

"Bang bang bang!" Just as the silver lightning was about to attack Xiao Yan, the jet-black Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler suddenly showed incomparably hot flame power, and then attacked Feng Yu, the dazzling flame power unexpectedly bristled. The space shuttle changed the attack direction, and smashed directly to the ground. There was a solid rock several meters in size, but it was turned into powder under the attack of the space shuttle!

Feng Yu's two-star Dou Xian's perfect strength, coupled with that mysterious space attribute, if he were hit, I'm afraid even Xiao Yan would not be able to bear it.