Chapter Vol 4 1841: Star Force vs Demon Servant Part 1

"How could there be such a beautiful person in the world?"

"Why don't you be my spouse?"

"In your human terms, it is to be my wife and to continue my demon bloodline." The demon servant seemed to have swallowed all Lin Fengya's memory and cognition over time, looking at Lin Yunshu. With a noble gesture, he smiled slowly.

He is not in a hurry, because of the power of the devil, his current strength has reached the critical point of the Tianxing Continent, half a step and eight stars are even stronger, coupled with the mysterious and unpredictable devil attribute, even if it is an emperor's shot, he still has Absolute confidence.

"You're not worthy!" Lin Yunshu frowned when he heard the words, and smiled sweetly, but that voice spread out like a Sanskrit sound, noble and lazy.

"Looking for death!" Seeing that Lin Yunshu was so ignorant, the devil sneered, his body was covered in dark green blood mist, and a strong oppression filled the entire sky in awe.

"That's... Her Royal Highness?"

"It is rumored that Her Royal Highness has the power of stars, and Her Royal Highness can definitely lead us to victory."

"Pray for the princess!"

"Pray!" Looking at the endless void, the two figures stood quietly. The Tianyuan Mountains and even the common people in dozens of mountain ranges couldn't help but close their eyes, praying silently for the princess in their hearts.

"Go ahead, if you lose, even the old guy in the bedroom, including the entire continent, will be annihilated in my hands." The demon servant seemed to be looking forward to Lin Yunshu's shot, because he had just turned into a demon and just wanted to try it. With all his own power, and Lin Yunshu seemed to have some strange power, Rao felt a bit of difficulty with his demonic power.

"Then... as you wish!"

"Starfall!" Lin Yunshu didn't hesitate too much, she also knew that she was now the hope of the entire continent, and with a wave of her hand, an unfathomable dazzling waterfall hung with countless stars, with a touch of power that was unseen in the world, facing the The demon blasted away.

"Huhuhu."

"The devil's hand!" Looking at Lin Yunshu's mysterious star waterfall, the devil sneered, his arm suddenly raised and pointed at Lin Yunshu, and suddenly countless dark green breaths came out, forming a tens of thousands of feet in front of him. The hideous devil hand!

The breath mixed with the devil's hand, like a real devil, is awe-inspiring, and a pressure fills the entire void.

"Boom!" The star waterfall and the devil's hand just touched, and shocking energy ripples spread out from the sky like a sound wave.

"Chi-chi!" After a while, the power of Star Waterfall suddenly disintegrated, and immediately the devil's hand roared at Lin Yunshu. If the breath contained in it hit the princess, I'm afraid it would fall instantly!

"Princess!"

"His Royal Highness Princess!" Seeing such a sudden scene, countless figures held their breaths, their pupils shrank tightly, watching the fierce battle above the sky.

"Kacha!" Just when the devil's hand was about to hit Lin Yunshu, Lin Yunshu smiled, and there was a warm atmosphere in his smile.

"Weng Om!" Without any accident, the devil's hand suddenly tore apart Lin Yunshu's body, but it did not cause any damage. Instead, it directly penetrated Lin Yunshu's body, and a conspicuous hole appeared in his chest.

It's just that there is no blood spilling out of the hole, instead, there are a group of stars shining, like the stars that have been quietly sleeping for hundreds of millions of years, and finally slowly become shining!

A touch of holy light suddenly spread out from the hole in his chest.

The evil clouds above the sky disintegrated in an instant, and the starry sky in the sky became gloomy. No one knew whether it was day or night, but at this moment, the countless stars above the sky were all shining with their most dazzling luster, surrounded by Repairing Lin Yunshu's chest.

At this moment, Lin Yunshu's breath was awe-inspiring, like a real empress, surrounded by stars, ten thousand stars surrendered and crawled, it seemed that the survival of all beings in the sky was only a matter of one thought.

"What kind of power is this?" The devil's hand was easily resolved, and even because of the starry sky, the flow of the devil's power became slow, and a strange power slowly lingered in the devil's heart, staring blankly. Lifting off, the princess who was about to merge with countless stars faintly lost her voice.

At this moment, countless figures below cheered together, looking at the princess above the stars, the hope of victory was getting closer.

"The power of the stars has indeed succeeded." At this time, in the emperor's bedroom, the emperor stood up from the dragon seat excitedly.

"The light of the stars, grant me the holy power to wipe out the evil, wipe out the evil in the world." As if chanting, as if asking, Lin Yunshu slowly wrapped his hands around his chest, and countless stars all over his body suddenly fell from the sky, Immediately surrounded him, after a while, it directly penetrated into his skin and forehead.

After a while, a star light slowly appeared on Lin Yunshu's forehead. The star light contained endless vitality and endless killing, but it was very quiet at this time.

"Light of the stars, Star Talisman!"

"Suppress it!" After the blink of an eye, Lin Yunshu's hands shone with a strong breath of life, blessed with the power of the wood attribute, and gently tore on his forehead violently, and suddenly a silver rune engraved with countless stars fell off.

At this moment, countless human beings below, even the powerhouses of the Soul Palace and the Holy See stopped their movements and quietly looked at the sky above, Princess Lin Yunshu, who was like a mansion!

Even the faint star talisman in Lin Yunshu's hand contains the power to destroy all beings.

"Brother Huang, it's over." Lin Yunshu tore off the star talisman branded on his forehead, his breath slumped violently, but he still took a light pace, walking towards the devil step by step, the terrifying offensive in his hand was irresistible!

"No...it's not over yet!"

"Devil world, blood devours the world!" Seeing Lin Yunshu using his trump card, the demon looked extremely ferocious, and a mouthful of dark green blood overflowed from the corner of his mouth, and then suddenly scattered towards the countless commoners below.

"Ah ah ah!" The dark green blood turned into waves of evil rain. Once it touched a human being, it would make a heart-piercing scream. Immediately, the body was completely corroded, and a smear of soul and blood essence followed the evil rain. And it feeds back into the demon's body.

"It's up to you now!" With the continuous slaughter of these commoners, a demonic gear that was covered with terrifying evil lines and stretched all over the place slowly took shape in front of the demon.

"It's over." Lin Yunshu was already at the end of his force. Looking at the countless suffering commoners below, he waved his palm lightly, and the star talisman was projected away.

The star talisman has just been projected, and it seems to have life. Countless auras permeate the air, and even the space passed along the way is extremely distorted, and a power that destroys everything spontaneously arises. .

"Give it to me!" At the same time, the demon also pushed out the gears that were tens of thousands of feet in size, bursting out with a terrifying evil aura, mixed with a harsh sound, resounding throughout the world!

At this moment, the world is moved, the real world is pale!