Chapter Vol 4 1205: The sinner of the half-ice zone!

"Ice Servant?" Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning when he heard the words. Obviously, if he hadn't possessed the holy flame, I'm afraid that the suppression of the three-star fighting immortals on the one-star fighting immortals could achieve a one-sided complete crushing.

"Is the ice sinner..."

"This "sin" is also a bit interesting." The Master of Soul Eater said slowly.

Among the forces of "sin", although Xiao Yan had three doubts, according to what he knew now, the lowest level of "sin" was the sin guard.

The strength of the Sin Guards varies from Dou Di to a one-star Dou Xian. As for the two-star Dou Xian just now, it should be a special case, but it can also be regarded as the strongest among the Sin Guards.

And above the sin guard, is the sin envoy.

Whether it is the purity of the evil power or the strength, the Sin Guard is much stronger than the Sin Guard.

As for what is above the sinner, Soul Eater must know, but he didn't tell Xiao Yan.

"This guy is a bit difficult, don't do it first, let's see the strength of this guy Yu Yifeng."

"If these guys have some strength, then go to Icefire Island with them. If it's just some reckless men, I will naturally have a way for you to go to Icefire Island."

"After entering the Ice and Fire Island to experience, I believe your strength will be greatly enhanced." The Lord of Soul Eater suddenly smiled maliciously. The guys in the Ice and Fire Island are very strong, and they are all A ruthless villain, used to hone Xiao Yan is the best.

"Gulu." When Xiao Yan heard this, he didn't know why, but he felt a little uneasy in his heart, as if he had been plotted by Soul Eater.

"Look at it, the strength of this ice sinner is not just as simple as it looks." After the Soul Eater finished speaking, Xiao Yan, who was under the dual protection of the water element and the earth element, turned his eyes to the sky.

"Crash!" Ever since the ice sinner appeared, the surrounding space was filled with a biting coldness, and bursts of numbness on the scalp suddenly emerged.

"Razer!"

"Gather your strength, and leave the rest to me." Yu Yifeng said to the middle thunder powerhouse with a serious expression.

The Thunder Element in this team is the second most powerful in the entire team. It has the strength of the late two-star Douxian and even has achieved quite a lot in the study of the Thunder Element.

"Okay." Thunder Snake heard the words, nodded slightly, and then a touch of silver thunder power slowly emerged, and the silver thunder quickly hovered over him like a snake.

"Susu, do you think you can fight me in the middle of the Samsung Dou Xian?"

"Idiot talking about a dream!" The Ice Guilty Guard, regardless of how Jade Legacy and Thunder Snake condensed a huge attack, slowly lifted off with the help of the ice silk in the sky.

"This guy, what are you doing..." Yu Xiaoye raised her head slightly, as if she didn't understand why Bing Gui did this.

"This kind of fluctuation is..." Xiao Mu has been staring at him since the appearance of the ice sinner. After all, carefully observing the battle of this level of powerhouse will benefit him a lot.

However, the ice sinner just lifted off, and in the surrounding space, the ice silk that was only about the size of a hair suddenly swelled up, and after the hair-sized ice silk became the size of an arm, the power contained in it , but it can easily obliterate a one-star fighting immortal powerhouse!

"Earth monkey, increase your strength!" Shuiyue bit her lips and said.

"Okay." The Earth Monkey also understood that if the second-layer defense failed, I'm afraid the end of the few of them would not be much better, and they didn't dare to hold back half a point.

"Domain?" In the next moment, Jade Legacy, who was originally condensing a rather tyrannical attack, saw the arm-sized ice strip, and the feeling of unease became even more tyrannical!

Among the fighting immortals, fighting skills and martial arts will undoubtedly affect the outcome of the battle, but they are not the most relevant.

After reaching Dou Xian, the most critical factors affecting the battle are the fighting spirit, and the second...

field.

Having a fighting spirit does not necessarily mean you can have a domain, but if you have a domain, you must have a fighting spirit. This is the eternal truth.

"This guy!" Razer on the side also found that this ten-mile radius was full of moon-white ice strips the size of an arm. The temperature dropped very seriously, and their speed and fighting spirit slowed down.

"Feel my icy realm."

"Susu." After the ice sinner finished speaking, the dark red power above the mask slowly exuded a more evil wave!

"This **** is actually a guy who owns a domain." Razer couldn't help cursing.

In the extreme ice realm of the ice sinners, their strength, speed, and even the use and recovery of vindictiveness have been severely suppressed. In addition, the ice sinners themselves are stronger than them, I am afraid their The odds are close to zero.

"Captain..." Thunder Snake asked Yu Yifeng, so far, I'm afraid I have to retreat first.

"Don't panic, although this extreme ice realm is tyrannical, it is not a real enchantment. It is considered a semi-finished product at most, so we still have a chance!" Yu Yifeng said at a glance.

"You're courting death!" The arrogant Ice Emissary was still quite proud, but when Yu Yifeng said this, he immediately burst into anger, but the dark red power above the mask instantly melted into the black robe.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This comprehension is half-finished, and this is where the ice sin makes sin taboo!

At the beginning, he worked hard, but only got a semi-finished product, so anyone who sees it through will cause his anger.

As the dark red power above the mask merges into the black robe, the aura of the ice sinner is even more powerful!

"Go!"

"Although the field of semi-finished products has suppressed us, it is not impossible!"

"The entrance to Icefire Island is about to appear. If you leave now, I'm afraid..." After Yu Yifeng finished speaking, a cyan hurricane filled his body.

"Boom boom boom!" The ice sinner was obviously irritated by the words of Yu Yifeng who saw that he realized that it was a half-finished product, the dark red aura flickered, even if it was isolated by the black robe, the evil atmosphere in the sky slowly permeated~www.mtlnovel .com ~ small chops! "

"Death to Ben!"

"Be obedient and become the nourishment of my domain!" After the ice sinner finished speaking, those arm-sized ice bars quickly gathered around him in an instant, and then the next moment, they turned into extremely sharp ice arrows. , suddenly shot at Jade Legacy, Thunder Snake and Xiao Yan!

At this moment, the originally moon-white ice arrow was stained with a hint of dark red aura.

This dark red aura gave everyone a rather tyrannical suppression, as if a little bit of it would be smashed to pieces!

"The wind is shining on the mountain wall!" Yu Yifeng's body flashed a blue hurricane with a size of dozens of meters, and the hurricane whistled, as if preparing to compete with the attack of the ice sinner!

"Lei Yuan Fire Ring!" Thunder Snake was also not to be outdone, the dazzling silver thunder turned into layers of thunder circles, and spread out towards those evil ice arrows. The masculine power above the thunder just happened to have the power to nemesis evil. effect.

"Waterfall Sky Curtain!" A huge water curtain condensed by colorless water flow appeared directly in front of Xiao Yan and the others.

"Earth-rock shield!" On the periphery of the waterfall canopy, the ground suddenly wriggled, and solid khaki-yellow rocks appeared out of thin air!

Seeing the evil ice arrow attacking him, Shuiyue and Land Monkey looked at each other, and then the dazzling defensive means were displayed. The purpose was naturally for defense!

After the four of them had used their means, they naturally collided violently with the evil ice arrow.

. m.