Chapter 557: Mural sleepy Dan! (Happy 7th Evening!)

"What's the solution?" Xiao Yan asked Shan Yao while using his huge soul force to resist the attack of Salvia miltiorrhiza.

The strength of this salvia is as unfathomable as an abyss, even in the face of Shanyao and Snake Punishment, this salvia didn't even use half of its power, and it was so terrifying with a casual blow!

If it weren't for the strong resistance of Snake Punishment, coupled with the resistance of Xiao Yan's soul power, I am afraid that Xiao Yan and the others would be defeated in a fight.

However, if this is the case, the oppression it brings to Xiao Yan is also extraordinary!

"Have you seen that mural..."

"That's a seal array that Grandpa Mu left at the beginning..."

"As long as enough power is injected, this salvia can be sealed in the city. After all, this salvia is just a prototype of a fourth-grade immortal rank. As long as it is not a real immortal rank medicine, it can't break free..." Shan Yao thought slightly after thinking. Open your mouth.

After Shanyao finished speaking, she looked at Xiao Yan, as if she was waiting for Xiao Yan to speak.

"How confident are you?" Xiao Yan frowned. Regarding the mural on the golden chair, Xiao Yan felt that something was wrong from the very beginning!

Just imagine if this mural is useless, where could it be placed behind this golden chair!

"This mural seems quite mysterious." Xiao Yan slowly stared at it for a few seconds, and immediately a dizzy feeling came, Xiao Yan had to look away.

Because above the mural, there is a huge medicine cauldron, and inside the medicine cauldron, it seems that something is being imprisoned and refined!

"Shanyao!"

"Don't challenge my patience!" Danshen was slightly surprised to see Snake Punishment and Xiao Yan blocking his attack, and couldn't help but glance at Xiao Yan.

The young man's body was covered with strange fires containing twenty-three colors, and he looked like a volcano!

"Strange, how could the power of flame on this kid make me feel terrified..."

"Could it be that there is something else in his body that can't be achieved?" Although Danshen is only a prototype of the fourth-grade immortal rank, but after swallowing many of the second-rank and third-rank medicinal pills of the emperor's pharmacy in the refining pharmacy, the spiritual wisdom and human beings are generally incomparable. two.

"It doesn't matter, let's kill it to avoid future troubles." Salvia pondered for a while, but didn't think of what secrets this Xiao Yan had, and immediately snorted.

"Snake Punishment!" Xiao Yan also knew that there was only one chance. If he failed, he would probably fall into a doom. After all, this salvia is the strength of the Nine Star Dou Di...

The strength of the Nine Star Dou Emperor, without the resistance of the snake punishment, to deal with Xiao Yan and Shanyao, it is no different from pinching an ant, even if Xiao Yan vaguely feels that the soul force is quite restrained on this salvia It is strong, but under the absolute gap in strength, this kind of restraint has undoubtedly been infinitely reduced and has always been considered negligible!

"I know!" Snake Xing coldly agreed, but his heart was extremely heavy!

"damn it!"

"I knew earlier that I shouldn't have promised this kid for a pill... This is the powerhouse of the Nine Star Dou Di."

"It's fine for me to protect myself, but to escape with the two of them would be a fool's errand, and seeing how much Xiao Yan values ​​that soul liquid, it's something he must get..."

"His grandmother, how come this king has encountered this kind of thing all these days." Snake Xing thought to the end, and couldn't help but scolded.

"It doesn't matter, since it's all decided, then this king is going to accompany you to go crazy!" After the snake sentence was finished, the aura of the whole body suddenly changed, and then it turned into a mini snake several meters long.

On the little snake, the three heads are very conspicuous, but the three water snakes at this time, because the two of Shanyao were separated by Xiao Yan, so only the snake in the middle of the three water snakes has power and consciousness. Next to Snake Punishment, it was all bleak.

"A three-headed water snake..."

"Interesting." As soon as Salvia finished speaking, she laughed strangely.

Salvia also knows a lot about the three-headed water spirit snake. This ancient alien beast can be quite powerful. Once the real cultivation reaches its peak, I am afraid he is not a little Liu Xingdoudi who can compare to you.

"嘁偁嘁!" The speed of the three-headed water spirit snake was not slow at all, and in an instant, it came to the front of Salvia, and then the ferocious snake head carried an overwhelming terrifying aura, and a mouthful of three-colored venom spewed out at the Salvia!

"It's too much." Danshen said with disdain. After speaking, he snorted coldly, and an invisible wave instantly spread out from under his feet!

"Bang!" The invisible coercion instantly collided with the hideous head of the three-headed water spirit snake. The next moment, Snake Punishment suddenly spewed out a mouthful of blood, and then the snake's eyes shrank tightly, staring at Salvia.

"It happens that there is still a lack of a mount. If you submit to me, you will naturally benefit from you, otherwise...death." Danshen said arrogantly, but he didn't care about the perfect strength of the eight-star fighting emperor.

While Snake Punishment and Danshen were entangled, Xiao Yan and Shanyao were not idle either. Both of them knew how precious this time was. They moved slightly and came to the golden chair in a blink of an eye, where the mural appeared. in front of the two.

"How do you use this thing?" Xiao Yan looked at Shan Yao with doubts, because in Xiao Yan's perception, this mural was just a mural, and even with a huge soul force, it couldn't extract any strangeness at all.

"I have a way!" Shanyao came to the mural, raised her jade finger, rubbed it gently against the mural, and then said.

"It's too late, hurry up." Seeing this, Xiao Yan saw that in the battle on the other side, the snake punishment was getting worse and worse, and he was constantly being attacked by salvia miltiorrhiza. It won't be long before the snake punishment will be completely defeated, and then wait for them. Yes, terror is beyond redemption.

"En." Shanyao said softly, and immediately within her body, Dou Qi burst out, following the jade fingers, continuously pouring into the mural!

With the injection of Shanyao's fighting spirit, the mural is also slowly changing!

At the beginning, the mural was just a medicine cauldron, but with the injection of Shanyao's fighting spirit, the medicine cauldron in this mural actually faintly gave birth to a lot of flames.

The power of flame is extremely terrifying, like a trapped beast trapping a certain power in the medicine cauldron!

"Brother Xiao Yan, that's alright, as long as you bring that salvia to the range of the wooden chair formation." Shan Yaobei moved her lips slightly, and she continued to inject strength, which was quite a consumption to her.

"Okay!" Xiao Yan agreed instantly, and then he moved to Snake Xing's side.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan came to Snake Xing's side, didn't say much, just twisted his figure and left facing the wooden chairs!

"Boy, I said today that you must die..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hahaha!"

"Go to **** with remorse!" Salvia said with a grim smile, her face was extremely arrogant, and she didn't even notice the mural on Shanyao's finger!

The next moment, a huge force of life and death burst out from Danshen, and then Danshen moved and roared towards Xiao Yan and the others!

That breath, like a raptor crossing the river, is unstoppable!

"Damn!"

"It's hit!" But just when Danshen felt that his strongest blow had killed the snake torturers, his body had just stepped into the range of the wooden house chair formation, and a terror born from the heart was suddenly born in the body of Danshen come out!

Ask for tickets!