Chapter 159: The test begins!

The nine people came to the house one after another, and then their tense nerves relaxed a little. After all, they had also met the chief executive just now.

Since entering the room, Mo Chen has also carefully observed the movements of several people.

After all, according to what the general manager of Wujiang said, from the moment they got off the ferry, everything they did here was related to the test results.

A person's future achievements and talents must be related to many factors such as his behavior and behavior.

Mo Chen first paid attention to Murray with an impatient look on his face. He casually looked at the crystal **** and furnishings in the room, and then cursed at something.

Immediately afterwards, there was the living dead ginseng deficiency, which still looked pale. When he entered the room, he didn't look at it much. Instead, he covered his mouth with a piece of gauze, and some dark blood was coughed out.

Then, with Mo Chen's vicious eyes, he also discovered that Mueller and Shen Xu seemed to be just as out of place as the others.

Of course, Mo Chen didn't interfere too much, after all, this is their own business, and they are also paying attention to several other people.

The next person who came in was a woman with the appearance of a small beast standing on her shoulder. The small beast on her shoulder was also chirping, exuding an invisible cold air, which made the temperature in the entire room suddenly rise. drop.

"Xiaohan, don't be fooled!" Liu Yin also said sharply to Xiaohan on his shoulder, and then stroked the latter's feathers with one hand, which is strange to say, a blue light on Xiaohan's body melted away, and the severe cold in the room also disappeared. Then Liu Yin also looked around the room like a curious baby.

As for the demon charm, it also exudes a seductive aura and is stable. Now in the room, a pair of eyes glowing with autumn water is also slowly turning. Although this is definitely related to the practice of his practice, it is because Mo Chen's concentration is also control. He couldn't stop, so he quickly turned his eyes away.

Wang Zhong and Sun Ming, a martial idiot and a sword idiot, naturally wouldn't go to investigate the house.

As for Yueru, Feng Yi and Xiao Yan, their eyes never left Mo Chen's body from the very beginning, and Mo Chen also felt that these three were obviously highly educated.

Then he nodded in relief, as if he had some ideas.

"This is where we store the instruments used for the test. The test is divided into four parts. The first part is the strength test, the second part is the soul strength test, the third part is the physical fitness test, and the fourth part is the According to the above three test data, the talents of 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 are comprehensively given."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The previous people have all been tested, and now the people in our stronghold are less than a few of you who haven't tested yet. After all the tests are completed, the talent points of 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 will be announced uniformly."

"As for the so-called trials, it's based on your test results, one, two, three, four, and five talents." Mo Chen also said slowly, so as to give them some time to react.

When everyone heard the words, it was also suddenly clear that the so-called test consists of three parts, one's own strength and soul strength plus the test of physical strength, then the fifth-level talent in the fourth part is the responsibility of their responsible person.

"So which of you will come first?" Mo Chen also gave a brief introduction and then said.

"Everything is difficult at the beginning, let me come first." Sun Ming also grinned, obviously not a little worried about this so-called test. After all, although his soul strength is weaker, he has strength and physical strength. It is a great advantage, and Sun Ming is also confident. Among the nine people in the test, there will be no one whose physical strength exceeds his own!

"Okay!"

"Come on, just pour your vindictive energy into the crystal ball." Mo Chen was relieved to hear that, and then took out a gorgeous crystal ball.

Sun Ming strode forward, and then the breath in his body increased to the limit, the muscles on his body also swelled, and the blue veins burst out.

A trace of grudge separated from Sun Ming's body, uncontrollably, and then went towards the crystal ball in Mo Chen's hand.

"Samsung Dou Di's peak?" Mo Chen felt the light overflowing from the crystal ball, and then said.

Hearing this, everyone was not surprised. After all, before entering the ruins, Sun Ming already possessed the strength of the late Samsung Dou Di.

"Next." Mo Chen also said after registering.

The next few people followed Sun Ming's method and injected them into the crystal ball in exactly the same way.

Wang Zhong, the late Samsung Dou Di!

Demon Charm, the pinnacle of Samsung Dou Di!

Feng Yi, the pinnacle of Samsung Dou Di!

Muller, the late Samsung Dou Di!

The living dead are ginseng, the peak of the three-star fighting emperor!

Feng Yi, the pinnacle of Samsung Dou Di!

Yueru, the late Samsung Dou Di!

Xiao Yan, the pinnacle of Samsung Dou Di!

After simply registering the strength levels of the nine people, Mo Chen is also preparing to start the second part of the test.

But in the first part of the test of strength just now, Mo Chen discovered some of the secrets of these nine people.

For example, Wang Zhong, although only the strength of the late Samsung Dou Emperor, but the sharp eyes and the giant sword behind him, if there is no sword energy, is slowly diffused, although even the strength of this three-star Dou Emperor in the late stage, Ordinary people do not dare to underestimate.

Next is Fengyi, a woman in a colorful skirt a woman with two attributes of wind and thunder.

As we all know, there is only one kind of attribute in a normal person. First, it is for the convenience of cultivation. Otherwise, there are too many attributes, and the reason is that the art is not overwhelming. On the other hand, there is one kind of attribute and another kind of attribute. In between, it is extremely difficult to control, let alone cultivate to this level, it is unexpected that this seemingly silent woman in a colorful skirt is so powerful.

Followed by a woman named Yueru with a faint smile, Mo Chen felt that there was something familiar in the aura when she was emitting aura. She seemed to have seen it somewhere before and thought about it carefully , This seems to be the aura of the sect master of a certain sect in Xuantian three days, but I don't know why this woman also has the same aura.

Next is Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan gave him the feeling that it was unfathomable, even with Mo Chen's initial strength of the four-star Dou Emperor, he couldn't find out why. Although Mo Chen's strength is not a frontal battle, but the technique of manipulating puppets.

The strength of the few people around Xiao Yan has also made great progress, and he is quite surprised. Obviously, they all have some strange adventures in the ruins, otherwise it is impossible to advance in a short period of time, but Xiao Yan also did not Not worried, because now his soul power has recovered to the peak, not to mention that the avatar of the emperor's ordinary soul entity and the avatar of the fighting technique, together with the many means of the Lotus of Destruction and the Golden Demon Puppet, are also Have enough confidence to stand out in this trial.

"The second part is the soul test." Mo Chen also said.

Ask for a monthly pass at the beginning of the month!