Chapter Vol 4 1302: Steal the wood attribute! (Thanks to A Little Maple Leaf Rewards)

"Boom!" Terrifying energy ripples continued to radiate from the attack center, and then the figures of Yu Ran Ran and Bing Ling became swaying!

"Damn...the vindictive qi in the body is out of control!" As the two continued to increase the level of the vindictive qi in their bodies, the vindictive qi in their bodies slumped, and then the two figures instantly fell from the high altitude towards the bottom of the mountain range.

"This battle is a draw."

"The two of them are promoted at the same time. If there is any dissatisfaction, just challenge them directly. If the challenge wins, they will be replaced by the two of them." In the end, Du Tianfeng did not idle, and directly shot to catch the two, otherwise it will continue like this. Sooner or later something will happen.

"Cough, cough..." Yu Ran Ran's fighting qi became extremely disordered at this time, and it was obvious that the fighting qi had been consumed too much.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan took Yu Ran from Duan Tianfeng's hand, and the gentle fighting qi continued to be transported away to soothe her injury.

"It's fine." With the support of Xiao Yan's fighting qi, Yu Ran Ran's face suddenly recovered a little rosy.

"This first stage is really fast. In a blink of an eye, we reached the top 50 and advanced to the top 25." Xiao Yan put Yu Ran Ran on the seat beside him to rest in peace, and then returned to the arena.

"That's natural."

"Although there are three war zones in this first stage, in our Thunder World, hundreds of arenas are used at the same time, so the competition is naturally fast."

"The fifty people here are already all the powerhouses in the three war zones in the first stage." Although Du Qifei did not participate in the first stage of the competition, he was quite familiar with this rule system.

"Fifty people advance to twenty-five, twenty-five to twelve... I hope the luck is not too bad." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Next, Blue No. 2 vs. White No. 2." At the next moment, Du Tianfeng checked the interior of the competitive mountain range, and after confirming that it was correct, he immediately said to the figures present.

"This guy has some skills, so be careful." Mu Ge Mu Xiao took a step forward and muttered silently in his heart.

"Crash!" After a while, the two rushed directly into the competitive mountain range.

"Mu Pavilion, Mu Xiao." At this time, Mu Xiao was covered in green clothes, with a scholar-like air, clasped his fists towards Xiao Yan and said.

"An unknown person, Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan was also more or less looking forward to this guy.

Because the disciples in this wooden pavilion possessed one of the best wood attributes in the entire Eastern Continent. In addition, Xiao Yan had only awakened the wood attribute and hadn't started cultivating, so he was undoubtedly interested in Mu Xiao.

"When you're ready, let's start." Duan Tianfeng's voice sounded slowly. To be honest, he was also a little curious, because Mu Xiao was also an extremely outstanding disciple in the wooden pavilion, and Xiao Yan's identity should not be underestimated. , what kind of intense sparks will the two collide.

"Shabu!" Hearing the start of the battle, Mu Xiao's figure exploded, heading straight from the sky towards the mountains.

He himself is of the wood attribute, so fighting in the sky is undoubtedly not good for him.

"This guy." Slightly taken aback by Mu Xiao's sudden action, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate too much, his speed skyrocketed, and he followed.

It is not difficult for Xiao Yan to defeat Mu Xiao, but Xiao Yan is not in a hurry. Xiao Yan wants to use the tyranny of his soul to secretly learn some ways to use the wood attribute.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This guy...why didn't he attack?" Landing in the mountains, the rich wood-attribute vitality slowly radiated out, making Mu Xiao bathe in a green halo.

"No, since this guy dares to follow me into this forest, this is my home ground, I can't allow him to be arrogant..." After Mu Xiao finished speaking, the dazzling wood-type green aura spread out strangely, directly attached to the among the trees above the surrounding forest.

"Attach vindictiveness to trees?"

"Could this guy be able to mobilize these trees?" Xiao Yan's soul force was always paying attention to Mu Xiao, and Mu Xiao's every move was discerned by Xiao Yan.

However, Xiao Yan's doubts had not been eliminated, and Mu Xiao immediately proved Xiao Yan's conjecture with practical actions.

"Whoosh whoosh!" All the trees in the forest swayed in an instant, and then under Xiao Yan's gaze, they moved quickly, and even the stalk moved on the ground, as if no one had ever been there. The realm is generally easy.

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Yan, you underestimate the enemy!"

"In my realm of wood, fall!" A wild laughter came directly from Mu Xiao's mouth, and Mu Xiao's figure moved with the trees at a high speed, even Xiao Yan's line of sight could not catch it. Fortunately, with the power of the soul, Mu Xiao's every move was still unable to escape Xiao Yan's palm.

"What's going on..." In this realm of wood, an extremely tyrannical sense of oppression hit, and the trees were moving at a high speed, so that Xiao Yan's figure could not move at all. Once Xiao Yan moved, he would immediately suffer. Attack of countless trees.

But what makes Xiao Yan puzzled is that these trees were just fine, how could they be mobilized by this guy so easily?

I am afraid there is some hidden method, which makes Xiao Yan difficult to figure out for a while, and Mu Xiao obviously does not know that Xiao Yan's huge soul power has other functions, so he did not hide it at all and started directly, so this kind of wood control The technique was learned by Xiao Yan without hesitation.

"So that's the case. We should solve these attacks first and then deal with him slowly." After a short soul exploration, he suddenly knew the secret, and then a fiery red flame suddenly appeared on his body.

"Sisi." The fiery red flames just appeared on Xiao Yan's body, and the speed of the trees surrounding Xiao Yan dropped a lot. Obviously, the power of Xiao Yan's fire attribute flames made them feel a lot of danger.

"Why is this guy's flame abnormal?" At this time, Mu Xiao was perching on a tree and moving, and a steady stream of green fighting energy poured into the tree, unaware that his unique skills had been stolen by Xiao Yan. After a while, he suddenly achieved the effect of forming the realm of wood through some special control in his body.

This kind of control is obviously a unique skill in their wooden pavilion. Even Xiao Yan cannot spy on all the mysteries in a short time.

"The realm of wood, the sharp edge of the wood!" The next moment, from the corner of Mu Xiao's mouth, a series of mysterious incantations suddenly turned into a green grudge, pouring into the tree's body.

"Bang bang bang!" In the next instant, hundreds of sharp branches suddenly appeared from the tree that was infused with mysterious power, and then with a fierce aura, they directly attacked Xiao Yan!

If Xiao Yan didn't make some defenses, he would probably be assassinated on the spot and become a hornet's nest!

"Fire rain!" Xiao Yan didn't dare to be careless, he shouted loudly, the dazzling fire attribute fighting qi flame instantly turned into a burst of fire rain, and then set the surrounding trees on fire!

"Whoa!" However, Xiao Yan's flames are powerful, but they are not holy flames after all. They can't burn all the attacks. There are still dozens of sharp branches, with astonishing cold light, stabbing and killing Xiao Yan. go.

"Death to Xiao Yan!" Mu Xiao laughed wildly while looking at Xiao Yan who was in a hurry.

"So it is." The next moment, Xiao Yan didn't panic at all. He didn't even use any defensive measures to deal with Mu Xiao's attack. Above the moving trees!

The next moment, those dozens of sharp attacks stopped abruptly, and at this moment, a trace of hot breath slowly diffused out of almost half of the trees.

"Take a taste of this great gift I gave you!" Xiao Yan laughed loudly, and then hundreds of tree branches, just like Mu Xiao just now, roared away directly at Mu Xiao!

Until now, the contempt in Mu Xiao's eyes slowly disappeared, replaced by a dignified look.

. Mobile version update fastest URL