Chapter Vol 4 1131: Harvest Tianmu

"Fortunately, the crisis has been resolved." Seeing the skeleton below lose all vitality and stay motionless, Qing Wen couldn't help breathing a sigh of relief, but he didn't notice that next to the skeleton, because the silver just now The explosion caused by the destruction of the seat by Xiao Yan turned out to have blown a gap in the entire ground, and under the gap, three golden treasure chests stood slowly.

"Xiao Yan, brother, are you all alright?" Seeing this, Qing'er couldn't help but ran over and asked the two of them.

"It's fine, but there seems to be something underneath." Xiao Yan got up and pointed his finger at the gap below.

Xiao Yan was also shaken back by the explosion caused by the silver seat just now. Although he found the three treasure chests in the gap, he did not rush to do it. Who knows if this evil pharmacist has any shady methods.

"Three treasure chests?" When Xiao Yan pointed this out, Qinger and Qingwen couldn't help but look at each other.

"Go down and have a look." The next moment, the two of them had a plan.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan naturally followed closely behind.

"What a deep space." As soon as he came to this level ground, Qing Wen couldn't help but say.

The ground on which the three of them stood, and the gap caused by the explosion had a depth of ten meters!

If the explosion wasn't strong enough, I'm afraid they would not be able to find these three treasure chests in their entire lives.

"Three treasure chests, exactly one for each person."

"But it's better to open it first to see what it belongs to. After all, what is useful to you is the real treasure." Qing Wen said with a grin.

"Agreed." Xiao Yan nodded as well. After all, the isolation of these three golden treasure chests was too serious, even if Xiao Yan's soul power was about to reach the fairyland, he couldn't find any clues.

"Then I'll open it." Qing Wenwen heard the words, smiled slightly, and wrapped a dazzling power of life and death on her palm, heading towards the treasure chest on the far right.

"Bang bang bang!" Qing Wen's palm just touched the golden treasure chest, and suddenly a series of metal friction sounds slowly sounded.

"Damn...you can't open it?" After struggling for a while, Qing Wen said with a bit of grief and depression.

"These treasure chests seem to have shackles?" And Xiao Yan's keen soul power also found something and hurried forward.

"Shackles?"

"How is that possible?" When Qing Wen heard the words, he naturally couldn't believe it.

"Look, it's here." Xiao Yan came to Qingwen, and then his fingers slowly pointed to the middle of the treasure chest, pointing to a rather small gap.

"It's so small?" When Qing Wen saw this, he nodded lightly, but he didn't expect the shackles to be behind his back, obviously he didn't realize it just now.

"This kind of treasure chest is extremely sealed. If there is no key, I'm afraid it cannot be opened." Xiao Yan observed it carefully, and then said.

"Then what if it is forcibly opened?" Qingwen asked, seemingly unwilling to give up.

"If it is forcibly opened, I'm afraid it will only be damaged along with the treasure inside." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly.

"Hey... Xiao Yan, brother, come and see, it's so strange behind this skeleton." Just when Xiao Yan and Qing Wen were at a loss, Qing'er's voice slowly sounded.

"Qing'er, what's the matter?" Xiao Yan and Qing Wen looked at each other, and then temporarily put down the exploration of the treasure chest and went to the location of the skeleton and Qing'er.

"Brother, Xiao Yan, look!" At this moment, Qing'er squatted down slightly, staring at the skeleton's corpse intently. Seeing Xiao Yan and the two of them coming over, she hurriedly stretched out her fingers slightly, facing a certain part of the skeleton. Point to.

"This is..." When Xiao Yan was pointed at by Qing'er, Xiao Yan couldn't help exclaiming.

Because what Qing'er pointed at was the spine of the skeleton!

At this time, the spine of the skeleton seems to be different from before!

Because at this time, there are three spines above the bones of the skeleton, which are incompatible with the others. On the three spines are densely covered with some fine lines. The lines are quite complicated, even Xiao Yan, who is a fighting formation master do not know.

"This spine seems to be a bit like the shackles of the treasure chest?" After a while, Xiao Yan suddenly said.

"What?" When Qing Wen heard the words, he immediately read it seriously. After repeated confirmation, he finally agreed with Xiao Yan's words.

"Could it be that the vertebrae on this skeleton are the keys to the treasure chest?" Looking at Xiao Yan and Qing Wen's uncertain expressions, Qing'er said softly.

"Qing'er, you really made a great contribution." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Take one first and try." The next moment, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, he stretched out his palm and walked towards the skeleton's spine.

"Crack!" With a sound, the sound of bones breaking slowly sounded, and immediately above Xiao Yan's palm, there was an extra vertebra with fine lines.

The spine is about the size of a finger, and the whole exudes a terrifying aura. I am afraid that the energy contained in such a small spine can easily obliterate a strong Dou Di.

"Let's try it first." Xiao Yan said just after the vertebra was removed, and there was no change in the skeleton and the Pill Hall.

"Yes." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he slowly walked towards the three treasure chests.

"I don't know if it will work or not."

"From right to left." Xiao Yan said softly.

As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan immediately raised his palm and pointed the spine at the keyhole of the treasure chest on the far right. UU reading www. uukanshu.com

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Sisi." The sound of metal collision echoed in the Pill Hall, stinging the two of them.

"It's the right size, but it can't be turned if it's inserted..." Xiao Yan said helplessly, pulling out his vertebrae.

"Try this one in the middle." Hearing Xiao Yan's voice, it was obvious that this vertebra was the key to the treasure chest. As for the treasure chest on the far right, the key was not found. After all, the three vertebrae and the three treasure chests had to correspond one by one.

"Yes." Xiao Yan heard the words and slowly walked towards the treasure chest in the middle.

"Crack!" Like the one just now, Zaidu gently inserted it, and then turned, but this time, it did not encounter any resistance, but was opened by Xiao Yan extremely lightly.

"opened!"

"What kind of treasure!" As soon as the treasure box was opened, the entire space was filled with a strong aura of life, which made people's eyes light up.

"How could it be... it's actually Tianmu?" Xiao Yan gently pushed open the lid of the treasure chest and couldn't help but let out a roar.

What appeared in front of Xiao Yan was a piece of paper like a piece of wood, only the size of his own arm, but the whole body exuded green light, and a trace of rich life force continued to emerge!

At the same time, in the deepest part of Xiao Yan's body, because he is an alchemist, a trace of wood attributes mixed with fire attributes, but like bamboo shoots after a rain, a strong desire erupted!