Chapter 679: Yinmu shot!

"This is actually the case..."

"If that's the case, I'm afraid that the strength of the king in this Boundless Mountain has already reached the level of fighting immortals?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard the words.

If the king of Boundless Mountain reached the level of Dou Xian, I am afraid that ten Xiao Yan would not be able to deal with it.

"Impossible, I remember that the master said that although the strength of the king in the Boundless Mountain is terrifying, it is absolutely impossible to reach the level of Dou Xian, and the maximum strength is the level of the perfection of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, otherwise the master will not let us come this way so dangerous. The place." Qinxin heard the words, the first one was unhappy and questioned directly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Your master?" Xiao Yan opened his mouth when he heard the words. Xiao Yan knew too little about this guy.

"My master is Qing Lao." Qin Xin didn't intend to hide, she said.

"It's actually a young man..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but scrutinize this Qinxin.

Being accepted as a disciple by Qing Lao is enough to show Qin Xin's talent.

If that's the case, then this guy is right.

"There is still a problem."

"How can a magical beast whose strength does not reach the level of Dou Xian cause a catastrophe... This thing is the only way for a beast to turn into a human being. Only those who have reached the strength of Dou Xian will do it..." Mu Yingying was obviously concerned about this The problem is very puzzling.

"Not necessarily, although the rumors are like this, but many magical beasts, in fact, have already tried to transcend tribulation when the Nine Star Dou Emperor is still in the power. A robbery is of a completely different nature." Suddenly, Xiao Yan had just a hint of doubt, and the heart rock in his body suddenly spoke up.

"Then how could the king in this Infinite Mountain..." Xiao Yan's mind moved. "I don't know either, but I think it must have something to do with the mysterious space of Luoling Mountain." Xinyan said.

"So it is." Xiao Yan was stunned.

"Let's go, since the three big dead beasts have already entered the top of the mountain, let's go and have a look."

"It happened that in addition to the competition, the master also ordered me other tasks." Qin Xin said eagerly.

"Susu..."

"I think some of you may not be able to leave for the time being." Just as Xiao Yan and the others were about to leave, an eerie and eerie voice filled the air!

The moment this voice just appeared, Xiao Yan's weak body suddenly shook, because of this breath, Xiao Yan was already familiar with it!

This is clearly the ghost of the ghost world!

Even the blood demon golden energy that had been suppressed in Xiao Yan's body showed signs of awakening!

"There are enemies!" Mu Yingying was carrying holy flames, so she was the first to feel the eerie aura of this figure surrounded by dark ghosts!

Sheng Yan is naturally the most yang and strong, and has an extremely strong perception and restraint against the eerie, eerie and evil atmosphere.

"I don't know who Xiao Yan is." The figure surrounded by ghosts ignored Mu Yingying and Qinxin at all, and said indifferently, his voice was full of contempt for everything!

Because with Yinmu's strength, let alone the three people in front of him, I am afraid that the three big dead beasts just shot together, Yinmu has some certainty of victory.

"What are you doing?" Xiao Yan frowned, and then several high-level vindictive pills for restoring vindictive energy were directly melted into his body, and the weakness caused by the use of secret techniques to improve his strength was slowly recovering.

"This time, there are two main things."

"I came here to borrow something from the Ghost Emperor's heart with you."

"The second is to take the head on your neck." After the black figure finished speaking, he stared at Xiao Yan directly through the black ghost.

"Hahaha!"

"Ghost Emperor thought no, but if you want to take my life, you have to see if you have the qualifications!"

"Look at the ruler!" Xiao Yan burst into laughter, and then without hesitation, he directly used the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in the palm of his hand and blasted away at the yin tree!

"Arrogant and arrogant!" Yinmu snorted coldly, and then the black ghostly energy surrounding his body wafted out in a wisp, and then directly followed Xiao Yan's attack.

"Ghost emperor's heart?"

"That's the item of the ghost emperor of the ghost world. How could this Xiao Yan have such a thing?"

"Could it be that he killed the twin ghost emperors..." Qin Xin guessed.

"Ghost Emperor Xin, it seems that this guy should be from the ghost world, but after killing the twin ghost emperors, the ghost emperor's heart is not on Xiao Yan!"

"No, this person from the ghost world must be dealt with first, otherwise..." A flash of determination flashed in Mu Yingying's eyes, and then without hesitation, her figure exploded, she raised her jade hand, and attacked the yin tree!

"Drink!" Yinmu burst out with a powerful force, instantly shaking Xiao Yan away, and then Mu Yingying rushed up again.

"What a beautiful woman." Yinmu just got too far away and didn't have time to see Mu Yingying and Qinxin.

Now that the two of them are so close at hand, Yinmu realized that Mu Yingying's appearance was extremely outstanding, as holy as a lotus!

"Damn it, this guy's strength..." Xiao Yan, because his vindictive energy had not fully recovered, was directly thrown out by the yin wood, and immediately fell to the ground, scolding secretly.

"It seems that this will be a tough battle." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the core inscription of the divine movement in his body suddenly spun violently!

The core inscriptions were continuously condensed out, and then scattered in the four corners when Yinmu was not paying attention!

Xiao Yan found that since his spiritual power had skyrocketed, the cohesion formation no longer needed the help of scrolls, and he only needed to disperse the core inscriptions, and then it could be condensed. As for the control formation, it was entirely in Xiao Yan's mind. It is said that it is truly integrated into Xiao Yan's body, so that the formation and the formation are integrated into one!

"Let's go together!" Qin Xin also seemed to realize that this yin wood was not weak and immediately snorted.

"You two look very good, but your strength is weak. If you follow me, I..." A gloomy laughter suddenly leaked from Yinmu's ghost.

However, before Yinmu's words were finished, a dazzling fiery red flame burst out from Qinxin's body, directly attacking Yinmu's body protection ghost. As for Mu Yingying, it was the more dazzling azure blue flame Force, suddenly attack the pubic wood!

"Damn!"

"What kind of flame are you all!" After the fire-red flame and the azure flame just touched the body-protecting ghost of Yinmu, the body-protecting ghost of Yinmu was like encountering fatal danger, and instantly retracted into the body !

"I'm giving you a big one!" Qin Xin's heart moved, and a huge palm with fiery red flames suddenly attacked the yin wood, and its aura was so fierce that I'm afraid that ordinary six-star fighting emperor late stage powerhouses could not resist!

"Boom boom boom!" Although Yinmu was surprised, the strength and means of these two women had not yet attracted Yinmu's attention, so in the face of Qinxin's attack, Yinmu raised her palm and directly resisted it with her palm.

After a while, the terrifying giant flame of Qinxin slowly disappeared, but the palm of the yin wood resisting Qinxin's attack was nothing.

"Okay, I've given you so much time, and now it's time to play the death movement for you." The next moment, Yinmu suddenly found it strangely. , all become weird!

Ask for tickets!