Chapter 295 - 294: Li Zixuan’s Self-Destruction

"Do they really not care?"

On the hill, Meng Tianxuan stared blankly and took a step back. Qin Yang’s words hit him like a physical blow.

His mind went completely blank.

’This is bad!’

This entire situation, after all, had been set up as an ambush.

But now, the man who was supposed to be here for a rescue wasn’t panicking in the slightest. It was as if he didn’t care whether Li Zixuan and the others lived or died.

’Without any leverage...’

’How am I supposed to lure Qin Yang into the trap now?’

’Doesn’t that mean all my efforts have been for nothing?’

Meng Tianxuan even started to wonder if Qin Yang was just bluffing. Otherwise, how could he, the Young Master, possibly condone his own followers self-destructing?

’It’s absurd!’

’These people from the Heaven-Blasting Gang are all lunatics!’

"Brother Meng, isn’t the Heaven-Blasting Gang supposed to care about every single member?"

Seeing the situation, the Nine Celestial Venerables at his side grew anxious and sent a private Divine Thought message. "Why is Qin reacting this way? This isn’t what you said would happen! The Ten Fierce Array is incredibly costly, and we’ve already started the preparations.

Our Beast God Sect has invested so much. If we let Qin Yang escape, how could we possibly..."

Before he could finish,

"Don’t worry."

Meng Tianxuan cut him off with a frown. "I have already assured you that there won’t be any problems," he said slowly. "Qin’s bark is worse than his bite. He’s definitely just putting on an act to scare us.

He’s just pretending!"

As he spoke, he clenched his jaw, calming the Nine Celestial Venerables’ nerves. Then, he turned to look at Xia He and Li Zixuan beneath the Ancient Cypress Tree. His mind raced, and a solution quickly came to him.

’Want to see if Qin Yang really cares...?’

’It’s simple enough.’

’I just have to test him myself, and I’ll find out!’

"Young Master, don’t you dare try to bluff me!"

With this in mind, Meng Tianxuan looked up at Qin Yang in the sky and raised his hand again, aiming it at Li Zixuan near the cypress tree. "The last time the Star Martial Police Bureau had you under house arrest, this little sister of yours rushed to save you, heedless of the danger. Are you really willing to let her self-destruct?"

"..."

Qin Yang remained silent, but his expression twitched. It was a subtle change, one that made Meng Tianxuan believe he had struck a nerve. Qin Yang then said in a low voice,

"Once you join the Heaven-Blasting Gang, life and death are up to fate. No one can control you. Using them to threaten me is useless."

As his voice fell,

"Hmph! Still playing tough!"

Meng Tianxuan’s expression darkened. He turned to look at Li Zixuan. "I’d like to see just how long you can keep this up. It seems you’ll only come to your senses when you hear your little sister’s cries, is that it?"

As he spoke, his Divine Thought stirred.

Beneath the Ancient Cypress Tree, several Venerables’ eyebrows shot up. Having received the message via Divine Thought, they understood immediately. They waved their hands over the faces of Li Zixuan and the others, making a simple gesture.

The next moment,

BUZZ!

The sealing restriction began to dissolve!

The binding chains erupted in a brilliant light. Floating runes materialized in the air before vanishing completely.

As the Divine Thought Array faded, freed from its restraints, ’Li Zixuan’ and the others slowly opened their eyes. Their consciousness returned, and as they took in their surroundings, they immediately spotted Qin Yang in the sky above.

The situation was dire.

The entire standoff unfolded before their eyes.

"Heh, so you’re awake?"

Seeing them awake, Meng Tianxuan paced leisurely on the hill, his hands clasped behind his back. He recounted Qin Yang’s earlier words, hoping to stir up trouble.

"How does it feel? Your brother came all the way from the city to save you, but now that he’s here, he’s still playing tough with me!"

As his voice fell,

’Li Zixuan’ and the others didn’t speak. Their expressions were defiant, and they all lifted their chins proudly.

They twisted their bodies, trying to break free from their chains.

The sound of clanking metal filled the air, but they seemed to ignore Meng Tianxuan’s words completely, focusing all their effort on escaping their bonds.

"Give up. It’s useless."

Meng Tianxuan watched them struggle. He slowly shook his head and sneered, "With your level of strength, you can’t possibly break these Star Chains. The only one who can save you now is Qin Yang up there..."

However, before he could finish,

"Dream on!"

’Li Zixuan’ spat, cutting him off with a snarl. She looked completely unafraid of death.

"Even if we die and sever our connection to our brother, we will never let you threaten him! We were born members of the Heaven-Blasting Gang. Why would we ever submit to you?"

"Hm?"

Hearing this, Meng Tianxuan froze. His face went blank as his entire worldview seemed to crumble. He began to question everything.

’These words...’

’Why do they sound just like Qin Yang?’

’Defiant to the death... Are they really not going to yield at all?’

’No!’

’This is all wrong!’

’This isn’t the answer I wanted to hear!’

In Meng Tianxuan’s script, they were supposed to be crying and screaming, begging for rescue. At the very least, they should have become a burden to Qin Yang, tying his hands during the fight.

’But what the hell is this about them wanting to sever their connection?!’

"This is bad, Brother Meng! Look at them!"

Just then, the Nine Celestial Venerables’ expression changed drastically. He grabbed Meng Tianxuan’s arm and pointed toward Li Zixuan’s group, as if he’d seen something horrifying.

Meng Tianxuan looked where he was pointing.

Beneath the Ancient Cypress Tree, the Star Force was twisting out of balance. As a Celestial Venerable Realm expert, Meng Tianxuan’s perception was far more profound than an ordinary Venerable’s, allowing him to discern the most subtle changes in the world.

The next moment, wisps and tendrils of Star Force began to pour out from them.

A grim wind rustled, and dead leaves began to fall.

It was like watching the last rays of a sunset fade—a fleeting moment of beauty, suffused with a sense of desperate finality.

"This is bad!"

Meng Tianxuan’s face fell. Sensing the disturbance in the air, he instinctively took half a step back.

’Self-destruction?!’

’I just went through this a few days ago! I was nearly blown to pieces and only just recovered. Now the same damn thing is happening all over again!’

Meng Tianxuan froze, his expression turning grim. The terror of being caught in another self-destruction gripped his heart once more.

"Quick, seal their Star Force!" the Nine Celestial Venerables roared at the nearby Earth Venerables. "Hurry!"

’A single oversight ruins everything.’

Li Zixuan and her group were their hostages, their only leverage in this standoff against the Heaven-Blasting Gang. If they actually self-destructed, their power to intimidate Qin Yang would be greatly diminished!

If Li Zixuan and the others died, they would lose their only hold over the Heaven-Blasting Gang.

Following the furious command, the guarding Venerables reacted instantly. They lunged toward Li Zixuan’s group, their Star Force flaring! But they were a millisecond too late.

A hair’s breadth of difference, a world of failure.

BOOM!

A torrent of Star Force erupted outward!

Flames shot toward the heavens as their bodies disintegrated, releasing the starlight trapped within!

In that instant, it was as if a crimson sun had crashed down upon the Ancient Cypress Tree.

An intense heat rivaling the sun itself exploded outward. The dazzling radiance surged forward, climbing up the arms of the Venerables. Caught completely off guard, their bodies were instantly ravaged by the aftershock!