Chapter 118: Li Qinghe: Isn’t This an Illusion Array? How Did It Change?

"Sigh, I really can’t bear to part with it."

In a corner of the library, Li Qinghe caressed the yellowed paper of the Ten Thousand Array Map.

After she got her hands on this Ten Thousand Array Map, her attainments had grown immensely. The Fifth Level Arrays it contained were especially profound and mysterious.

It was just a shame.

She hadn’t even had the chance to fully study and understand it—it had barely warmed her hands for a few days—and now she had to return the treasure.

’But I guess I still got something out of it. I’ll just have to find another chance to take it out again in the future.’

At this thought, Li Qinghe sighed, silently returned the Ten Thousand Array Map to her Star Ring, and pulled out her phone to check the date.

Her father would be back in less than two days.

Time was tight.

She had to find a way to return the Ten Thousand Array Map unscathed.

Otherwise, if her father discovered the Array Map was missing upon his return, it would surely shake the entire Li Family. If the trail led back to her, she’d be in huge trouble.

Thinking of this, Li Qinghe headed for the second-floor entrance, her pace quickening.

「At the same time.」

In Area 1 of the library.

Patrons came and went, moving about the aisles.

Qin Yang pushed a cart to a bookshelf and began carefully selecting books to restock the shelves, having switched into work mode early.

The reason was simple.

Under the sweep of his Spiritual Power, the Steward’s aura appeared, rapidly approaching him.

’What does he want with me?’

Suppressing his confusion, Qin Yang bent down, picked up a book, and slid it onto the shelf.

Before long, the Steward came into view. He first went to the entrance and peered suspiciously into the adjacent Area 2, as if searching for something.

A moment later, he walked up to Qin Yang and asked.

"Where’s that new kid? The one named Li something?"

"Li Qing?"

"Right, him. Why haven’t I seen him around?"

The Steward turned his head toward the empty Area 2 and said with displeasure, "He didn’t sneak off somewhere to slack off, did he?"

"I don’t think so."

Hearing this, Qin Yang glanced at an empty spot on the shelf and casually covered for him. "I saw him just a moment ago. I think he took a cart to the warehouse to restock. He’s probably busy over there."

"Is that so..."

The Steward’s eyes flickered. After a moment of thought, he moved closer to Qin Yang and whispered, "I need you to keep an eye on him for the next few days. That kid is up to no good."

"Up to no good?"

Qin Yang’s expression didn’t change as he asked in a surprised tone, "Slacking off every day?"

"No, not that."

The Steward frowned, looking toward Area 2 as he spoke slowly. "A few times, when I came by to check on the shift, I saw him heading into a corner. I don’t know what he was doing, but he’s a sneaky one!"

"..."

Qin Yang fell silent. He pretty much understood what was going on.

Li Qinghe’s slacking-off skills were subpar.

He figured that when she was holed up in the corner studying the Ten Thousand Array Map, she must have lost track of time.

That’s why she’d aroused the Steward’s suspicion.

’To be bad at Arrays is one thing, but to be this bad at slacking off...’

At this thought, Qin Yang nodded at the Steward and said:

"Yes, sir. Don’t worry, I’ll pay more attention to him over the next few days. If I notice anything suspicious, I’ll report it to you immediately."

"No, that’s not enough."

The Steward shook his head, his expression grave. "You also need to keep a close watch on the restrooms.

We’ve had reports these past few days that someone ran into Li Qing in the women’s restroom—and not just once or twice.

Tell me, what’s a grown man doing hanging around the women’s restroom?!"

As he spoke, the Steward leaned in close to Qin Yang and whispered in his ear, "Don’t spread this around, but I suspect Li Qing might be the thief who caused all that trouble a few days ago!"

"..."

Qin Yang was speechless.

*Tsk.*

’Seriously...’

’You’re a sharp judge of character!’

’You actually guessed right.’

’This library’s Steward really isn’t just a freeloader.’

"You keep an eye on him these next few days. The Hall Master is coming back soon, and we absolutely can’t have any more screw-ups in the library!"

The Steward continued to instruct in a low voice, "Watch him closely. When we catch the thief, you’ll get credit for it in your performance review."

"Understood. You can head back and rest easy. I’ll be sure to keep watch."

Qin Yang nodded, agreeing on the surface.

Then, after the Steward finished his instructions, Qin Yang watched his retreating back until it disappeared.

Once he was sure the man was gone, Qin Yang didn’t hesitate. He picked up Xiaobai and returned to his slacking spot, not taking the matter to heart at all.

As for Li Qinghe stealing the Ten Thousand Array Map...

...he’d just let it be for now.

Every family has its own problems. Why should he get involved?

She was the young miss of the Li Family, stealing a book from her own home. If he went and meddled, wouldn’t he just be asking for trouble?

’Forget it.’

With that thought, Qin Yang sat back down on his little slacking stool and continued to lie flat and rest.

「At the same time.」

At the entrance to the library’s second floor.

Dozens of Postnatal Realm Martial Artists stood guard at the entrance, arms crossed and faces fierce, vigilant for any disturbance in the surrounding area.

Ancient Array Patterns were engraved on their arms, overlapping and resonating with one another, blooming like a Golden Lotus. This actually combined their strength, elevating them all to the Peak Realm.

Ever since the last theft in the library.

Security had been upgraded.

The Steward had spent a fortune to station experts at the entrance.

’Not bad. All at the Peak of the Postnatal Realm.’

’And they’re using a reinforcement Array. A pity... they’re still no match for me.’

Li Qinghe hid in a corner, observing the layout at the entrance. Following her previous method, she brought out the Ten Thousand Array Map and a Star Stone.

BUZZ!

Array Patterns surged, and a molten golden light flared.

Several Star Stone Discs floated around her, extending into a deep, dark Domain that distorted all light passing through it.

The next moment.

Her figure landed within the Array. The Magic Array’s Domain spread out, drifting toward the entrance and silently seeping into the area around the guards.

Immediately.

The Third Level Illusion Array fully activated!

At the entrance, the expressions of the Postnatal experts on guard stiffened. Their eyes suddenly went blank as they were dragged into an Illusion Array of a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood.

"Hehe, all done!"

"I’m such a genius!"

Li Qinghe clapped her hands, controlled the floating Star Stones to drift past the guards, and swaggered into the third-floor corridor.

At this moment.

The third-floor corridor was still unguarded, dark and deserted.

At the far end, the light of the Soul-Catching Array radiated outwards, exuding an indescribable allure and concealing the space behind the door.

’Once I return the Ten Thousand Array Map, I can get out of here!’

Li Qinghe walked near the Soul-Catching Array, sensing for its core, and was about to start breaking it.

But just then!

CRACK!!

A protective Star Stone suddenly cracked, shattering and falling to the ground in a pile of fragments.

"?"

Li Qinghe froze, staring down at the shattered pieces on the floor.

A horrifying sense of dread suddenly shot up from the base of her spine straight to the top of her head, making her shudder.

Just now, the shattering of this protective Star Stone had served as a warning.

The Array before her was extremely dangerous!

It would be best to retreat immediately!

’But why?’

Thinking this, Li Qinghe examined the Array Patterns on the threshold, probing the Star Force of the Soul-Catching Array.

She was a little confused.

’This isn’t right!’

"This... wasn’t this supposed to be an Illusion Array before?!!"