Chapter 92: Li Zixuan’s Confusion

「The next morning.」

The roadside breakfast stalls opened for business, steam billowing into the air. Early morning pedestrians hurried on their way.

Qin Yang casually bought a sweet tofu pudding and a fresh meat bun. With Xiaobai tucked away, he headed back to work at the library.

Life inside the library was the same as always.

Moving books, slacking off, and seeking insights.

A monotonous routine.

The dull work life, without that kid Xia He bantering by his side, had become even more tedious.

Even Xiaobai, after eating the Soul Condensing Pill yesterday, was in a sluggish state. It had been dozing soundly, curled up on Qin Yang’s shoulder, ever since.

"Sigh."

At that thought, Qin Yang heaved a long sigh and slacked off until his lunch break.

He went to the staff cafeteria alone, ordered a boxed lunch, and then found an open spot outside the library to get some fresh air.

It was noon, and the sun was high in the sky. The air outside the library shimmered and warped from the heat.

A sweltering breeze drifted by.

The scattered outdoor tables and chairs only emphasized the feeling of empty solitude...

Qin Yang found an empty seat and sat down. He picked up Xiaobai by the scruff of its neck, placed it to the side, took out his boxed lunch, unwrapped his chopsticks, and began chewing on a big mouthful of green peppers and minced pork while scrolling through the news on his phone.

The information was mostly trivial and unimportant.

Just then, a familiar voice came from behind him.

"What’re you eating, Old Qin? Smells great!"

"Hm?"

Qin Yang paused at the sound and whipped his head around.

By the side of the road, Xia He was dismounting an impressive, imposing police motorcycle. He wore a crisp police uniform, with various pieces of equipment hanging from his waist. The Star Martial Bureau’s badge was pinned to his chest, glinting in the sunlight.

’Clothes really do make the man.’

Qin Yang almost didn’t recognize him!

"What are you doing here, you kid? Didn’t you join the Star Martial Police Bureau?"

"You actually have time to wander around?"

Qin Yang glanced at the motorcycle behind him, his voice tinged with envy.

’Forget everything else,’

’that police motorcycle is seriously cool!’

"I’m on patrol nearby. I thought I’d swing by and see you."

Xia He took off his helmet and hung it on the bike. Carrying a boxed lunch, he walked toward Qin Yang. "I didn’t expect to get here and find someone eating all alone and looking so gloomy..."

He walked over to Qin Yang’s side, pulled out a chair, and sat down. Clicking his tongue and shaking his head, he said, "So? Pretty boring by yourself without me around, huh?"

"It’s alright. I’ve got Xiaobai to keep me company."

Qin Yang picked up a piece of pickled mustard green with his chopsticks and put it in his mouth, his head lowered.

But inwardly, he was actually quite happy.

With Xia He here to liven things up and shoot the breeze, lunch wasn’t so boring anymore.

"Old Qin, check out the food we get at the Star Martial Police Bureau. It’s seriously top-notch!"

Xia He lifted the lid of his lunchbox, excitedly showing off the contents.

Qin Yang glanced over.

’Holy crap.’

A roasted chicken leg, braised pork tenderloin, assorted vegetables... a dazzling array of dishes. The fragrant steam wafted over, making his mouth water.

"What do you think, Old Qin? Pretty awesome, right!"

Xia He unwrapped a new pair of chopsticks and said with a grin, "And guess how much this cost?"

"Twenty?"

"Not even close! This whole meal was less than ten!"

Xia He wagged his finger, sighing with emotion. "After joining the Star Martial Police Bureau, I finally get why so many people fight tooth and nail to get a government job. Just the food alone is on another level.

"The cafeteria subsidy is insane, and the benefits are amazing. I’m stuffing my face with big chicken legs every day. I’m almost sick of them! I never have to worry about nutrition."

As he spoke, he pushed his lunchbox to the center of the table.

"Don’t just stare, Old Qin. Take whatever you want. Don’t be a stranger!"

"Don’t mind if I do, then."

Qin Yang smiled, immediately snatching the roasted chicken leg from the lunchbox and tearing into it with his teeth.

The skin was crispy, the meat tender, fragrant, and juicy.

The two of them ate while idly chatting about things at the Star Martial Police Bureau.

Time drifted by peacefully.

"You have no idea, Old Qin. Let me tell you, there was another serial killer case on the outskirts of the city recently. When we finally cracked it, the guy’s motive was ridiculously melodramatic!"

Xia He leaned back in his chair and shared in a low voice, "You won’t believe it..."

He hadn’t even finished his sentence when suddenly, a cool, clear voice came from behind them.

"Excuse me... which of you is Qin Yang?"

As soon as she spoke, Xia He’s gossiping came to an abrupt halt.

He turned around blankly and looked at the speaker.

It was Li Zixuan.

She had changed into a short skirt, revealing a pair of incredibly eye-catching long legs. Her figure was exquisite, and combined with her frosty aura, she radiated an untouchable, ice-queen vibe.

’Such a huge contrast.’

Xia He stared at her, stunned, his jaw dropping. He nudged Qin Yang’s shoulder and said:

"Old Qin, stop eating. I think she’s looking for you..."

Hearing this, Li Zixuan’s willow-like brows furrowed slightly. She tilted her head to look at Qin Yang, who was busy chowing down.

She had already asked earlier; there was only one person with the surname Qin in the library. She obviously hadn’t found the wrong person.

’But this person...’

’Isn’t he the librarian who was talking about me before?’

’Could Teacher possibly have some connection to him?’

’Strange.’

Li Zixuan frowned in thought, secretly releasing her Star Force to probe Qin Yang’s aura.

It was plain and gentle.

Only a faint trace of Star Force was leaking out.

’This level isn’t even enough to be considered a Star Martial Artist.’

’He’s just an ordinary person, not even at the Entry Level.’

’Why would Teacher ask me to find him?’

At this thought, Li Zixuan, feeling perplexed, narrowed her beautiful eyes and sized up Qin Yang’s appearance.

’Well, he is pretty handsome. But you can’t live on good looks.’

’And it’s not like I only care about looks, anyway.’

At the same time, Qin Yang, who had been chowing down, also put down his lunchbox and looked up at her. Their eyes met, and he was equally bewildered.

"I’m Qin Yang. Can I help you with something?"

He had sensed her presence as soon as she was within a hundred meters.

At first, he’d thought she was just passing by.

But her aura kept heading straight for him. She was clearly coming for him!

’But the question is, why is this silly disciple of mine not eating lunch...’

’...and looking for me instead?’

Qin Yang was puzzled, waiting for Li Zixuan’s answer. The atmosphere instantly became awkward.

However, just then, Xiaobai, sitting nearby, quietly opened one eye. It tried hard to cover its head with its paws, its whole body trembling with suppressed laughter, its fur shaking.

’Now this is what you call a surprise!’

’Hahaha, my bad master is totally stunned!’

’I never thought you’d have a day like this!’

’Hmph!’

For a moment, the scene was silent. Three pairs of eyes focused on Li Zixuan, waiting for her answer.

"..."

Seeing this, Li Zixuan hesitated.

She was used to dealing with the Sword Dao all year round; she really wasn’t very familiar with this kind of social etiquette.

Besides, Xia He was watching right next to them, his Star Martial Police Bureau uniform extremely conspicuous... ’How can I possibly reveal anything about Teacher?’

At this thought, Li Zixuan inclined her head slightly and said apologetically, "I’m sorry to have bothered you."

Then she immediately turned and walked out of their line of sight.

"Huh?"

At this, Xia He watched her retreating back, dumbfounded. He then scratched his head and looked at Qin Yang in shock.

"Old Qin, fess up! What have you been up to since I left?!"

"To think you got a girl like Li Zixuan to come looking for you!"