Chapter 190 - 189: Could it be... Old Qin is actually the Sword God’s disciple?

"Senior Brother Lin, Master, I hope you’ll keep this a secret."

On the street, Li Zixuan’s gaze was fixed on Elder Li and Lin Mofeng as she spoke softly,

"Thanks to you both, I was able to warn my Master about the danger of the Beast God Sect. Senior Brother Lin, the information you shared was also a huge help."

"It all comes down to trust..."

Li Zixuan said softly, "I’m telling you now because I feel I know you well enough."

"Don’t worry. This is a serious matter. You can rest assured, Xuanxuan."

Elder Li said in a deep voice, his eyes as firm as a rock.

"My admiration for the Sword God is plain for all to see. I have absolutely no ulterior motives. The chance to do something for Senior Sword God is more than I could ask for. I will be as silent as the grave!"

As his voice fell,

"..."

Li Zixuan fell silent.

’I’m not worried about Elder Li. He’s the one I trust most.’

After all,

Ever since her Master established Sword Valley, Elder Li had been the Jianghai Sword God’s number one fan!

Though he was usually clueless about the internet, he had even asked her, his student, to create a social media account for him so he could join the fan groups.

He even personally got into flame wars with some of the top haters online.

All of these actions...

His respect for the Jianghai Sword God was clear for all to see.

"Junior Sister, you can rest assured with me as well!"

Upon hearing this, Lin Mofeng also nodded solemnly.

’Senior Sword God holds an equally lofty position in my heart. Otherwise, I would never have taken the risk of revealing classified information about the Beast God Sect to Li Zixuan.’

"Yes, I understand how both of you feel."

Li Zixuan said with a slight nod.

As she finished speaking, Elder Li recalled the Pear Blossom Needles from the meeting room.

"Xuanxuan," he said in pleasant surprise, "your senior brother’s magnificent gift is a tremendous help. Jianghai’s defenses have improved by more than tenfold!"

Crate after crate of Rainstorm Pear Blossom Needles, capable of slaughtering Innate Realm experts like dogs. Now, with such a Divine Artifact in hand...

The tide of battle in Jianghai had already turned!

’I can even imagine the spectacular scene when those Demons step onto the battlefield, only to be met with a volley of Pear Blossom Needles.’

....

「Meanwhile.」

At the Star Martial Police Bureau, in a roadside parking spot.

The Commander, holding a file under one arm, took out his car keys with his other hand. He slowly walked to his assigned vehicle, inserted the key into the lock, and opened the door.

He had just finished organizing the documents and was about to head home.

But just then!

A voice suddenly called out from behind him.

"Chief, wait up!"

Hearing the familiar voice, the Commander turned around, somewhat surprised. "Xia He? Didn’t you go home? Why are you still here?"

By the roadside,

Xia He stood in his police uniform, a half-smoked cigarette dangling from his lips. Two or three cigarette butts lay on the ground, indicating he had been waiting for quite some time.

"Chief, there’s something I want to ask you about. It won’t take long, just a few minutes."

"What is it? Go ahead."

The Chief Commander frowned, closed his car door, and leaned against the vehicle. "I’m not in a hurry."

"Okay, Sir. It’s nothing major, just a few questions I have."

At that, Xia He quickly stamped out his cigarette and moved closer to the Commander, lowering his voice. "About Li Zixuan... isn’t she Elder Li’s disciple?"

"Hm?"

The Chief Commander raised an eyebrow. "Yes, she is Elder Li’s disciple... Is there a problem?"

"Well... does Elder Li have any other disciples?" Xia He asked again. "Like, any unofficial ones?"

"Other disciples? Lin Mofeng would count as one. He’s the Grandmaster from the Imperial Capital, the young man you saw in the conference room earlier. That was him."

The Commander answered slowly, pressing his fingers to his brow.

"Strictly speaking, though, he has already completed his training and gone on to the Imperial Capital Academy. Right now, Elder Li’s only current disciple is Li Zixuan. There are no others."

’Is that so...?’

Hearing this,

Xia He pondered for a moment, his mind racing.

He remembered what Li Zixuan had said earlier.

’Senior Brother...’

’Could this be a breakthrough?’

With this in mind,

Xia He mulled over his approach and probed softly,

"But Commander, I think I saw her call some guy ’Senior Brother’ before..."

"Senior Brother?"

The Commander frowned as if he’d thought of something. A glint in his eye, he asked, "Did you get a clear look at the man’s face?"

"No..."

Xia He scratched his head, avoiding the Commander’s gaze. "I only saw him from a distance. I wasn’t paying much attention at the time. The lighting was poor, so I didn’t think much of it."

’It was a bluff anyway.’

’Just making it up as I go.’

"It’s fine. Given your past performance, you’re an important member of the police force. We’re on the same team, so I’ll be straight with you."

The Commander said in a low voice, "Besides being Elder Li’s disciple, Li Zixuan has another identity..."

At this point,

he paused,

took the file folder he was holding, placed it on the hood of the car, and spread out the documents inside. Then he gestured for Xia He to come closer.

On the white pages,

were several chronologically organized tables.

Dotted with red circles and filled with detailed annotations, the documents even included a few of Li Zixuan’s ID photos, all visible under the moonlight.

"What’s this, Sir?"

"A logbook of Li Zixuan’s movements?"

Xia He picked up one of the documents and scanned the title at the top.

[Li Zixuan’s Travel Itinerary for July (Many Days Missing)]

"Yes. This is an investigation I conducted myself."

The Commander’s gaze was sharp as he looked at the files on the hood. He said grimly, "What you’re seeing now is just part of the file, all summarizing Li Zixuan’s movements.

"Now that she has entered the Innate Realm, I can no longer track her. Much of this information is from the period of the Grassland Sword Saint incident, so it’s a bit outdated."

"You’re investigating her?"

Xia He picked up the files, scanning one title after another, a sense of dread growing inside him.

[Video Record of the Challenge Against the Sword Saint’s Disciple]

[Key Action Frame Count]

[Personal Relationship Chart]

The files were detailed and meticulous, all focused on the period of the Grassland Sword Saint incident. It was clearly the result of a major investigation.

"Take the challenge against the Sword Saint’s disciple, for example! I compared it with multiple sources and discovered quite a few things."

The Commander took one out and pointed at the document. "I even planned to find and question the person involved, Huyan Sword, but the Grassland Sword Saint’s disciple... seems to have gone into seclusion. I haven’t seen a trace of him since."

At this point,

his eyes burned with intensity as he looked at Xia He and said,

"However, based on my investigation these past few days, I suspect that she is not only Elder Li’s disciple, but possibly... a disciple of the Sword God Sect!"

"???"

Hearing this,

Xia He was completely bewildered!

He was stunned!

"You’re saying she’s a disciple of the Jianghai Sword God?!"

"It’s just a high probability."

The Commander said in a low tone, "She’s already in the Innate Realm and has concealed many of her movements. I can only deduce things from past events..."

Xia He didn’t hear the rest of his words.

He was in a complete daze.

’If...’

’If Li Zixuan is a disciple of the Sword God Sect... and she calls Qin Yang ’Senior Brother’?’

’Then doesn’t that mean!’

Xia He’s pupils contracted.

"Old Qin... is a fucking disciple of the Sword God?!!"