Chapter 277 - 276: Xiaobai: This Fairy... Is Actually the First Fox to Be Kept by a Dragon?

"Not bad. The modifications are finally complete."

In the courtyard, Qin Yang stood before his Clone, studying it for a moment. He then checked the balance of the array lines several times to confirm the stability of the Sixth Level Grand Array.

Once he was done, he was very satisfied.

You see, the arrays from the *True Understanding of Array Dao* were once extremely complex. They all used Star Stones as their cores to coordinate the balance of Star Force transmission throughout the entire array.

If it overloaded and surpassed the Star Stone’s tolerance limit, the Star Stone would shatter, and the array would inevitably collapse!

But now, things were different.

’I’ve replaced the Star Stones with my own body. The durability must have shot way up,’ Qin Yang thought.

With the support of these Clones, he could easily set up a Sixth Level Grand Array.

In a sense, this had the same uncanny effect as the living array stakes used by heretical Demons.

The only difference was probably that they used innocent outsiders, while he used his own Blood Clones. Combined with the self-destruction of Heaven and Earth’s Longevity, this caused the bodies to overload.

Its power could be amplified ten, or even a hundredfold!

Even if Meng Tianxuan of the Celestial Venerable Realm were to face this Sixth Level Grand Array...

’Not bad.’

With that thought, Qin Yang got up, brushed off the dust, and was about to immerse himself in the Enlightenment Space again to comprehend the True Dragon Dharma Aspect.

"Master, dinner’s ready!"

Just then, Xiaobai floated to Qin Yang’s side, wagging her tail. "Stop fiddling with those Clones and come eat with this Fairy."

"You’ve been busy all night, Master..."

"Just eat by yourself today."

Qin Yang shook his head, walked over to a Clone, and lifted its arm. "I need to check the stability of these array stakes a bit more. I can’t afford any distractions tonight."

"Oh... okay... Array stakes?!"

Hearing this, Xiaobai sensed the disturbance in the surrounding Star Force. She froze for a moment, her gaze falling upon one of Qin Yang’s Clones, her mind buzzing.

’I must have misheard...’

’What kind of stakes?’

’Array stakes?!’

Xiaobai narrowed her eyes, staring at the Clones. She noticed faint cracks on their skin, from which Star Force was constantly pouring out.

’This is Master’s improved Clone Technique?’

’Using Clones as living stakes?’

’What kind of move is this now?’

’The self-destructing was one thing...’

’But now Master has developed a new trick?!’

’Using his own Clones to form an array... Master is so hardcore... He’s really determined to take this to a whole new level...’

Xiaobai was dumbfounded, completely in awe of Qin Yang.

Fusing Clones directly into an array was something she had never heard of.

It was completely beyond conventional thinking.

’Only Master could pull off such a wild move.’

’Master’s ideas are just too out there...’

Xiaobai murmured, "Then this servant won’t disturb you... Master, good luck."

"Yeah, you go eat first. There might be some commotion in the courtyard later. Don’t come out and disturb me without my permission."

Seeing Xiaobai standing there in a daze, Qin Yang gave her a few instructions to go back inside. Then, he sat cross-legged on the ground and began to immerse himself in the Enlightenment Space, visualizing the True Dragon Dharma Aspect.

In his mind’s eye, the white skeleton of the True Dragon became more and more lifelike.

Between the joints of its bones, one could clearly see the form of muscles and tendons as it roamed freely within his mind.

Although it still looked terrifying, its presence was far more majestic than before.

Building upon the white dragon skeleton from before, this True Dragon Dharma Aspect was gradually solidifying.

He was getting closer and closer to the external manifestation of a Dharma Aspect, a sign of the Celestial Venerable Realm!

’I need to go deeper.’

At this thought, Qin Yang focused his mind and held his breath. Sitting cross-legged in the courtyard, he concentrated all his thoughts on the True Dragon Dharma Aspect.

He pushed forward with all his might!

The next moment.

BOOM!

The aura of a Golden Dragon erupted!

The ground around him cracked inch by inch, and a terrifying pressure spread out, crushing the nearby grass, flowers, and trees.

Faintly, a long, drawn-out dragon’s roar echoed!

"?!"

Xiaobai turned to walk into the living room, but after just a few steps, she shivered and stopped in her tracks, feeling a majestic presence rise up behind her.

Profound and noble.

It made her feel an irresistible urge to bow her head.

’Master’s aura is getting more and more terrifying.’

Xiaobai suddenly looked back, her body trembling instinctively as she gazed at the Golden Dragon Illusion outside the floor-to-ceiling window.

You see, the Dragon Race was nothing but a legend in this world.

They were mythical Star Beasts that existed only in legends!!

In all her years of Cultivation, she had only heard about them from her Fox Race great-grandmother, and even she had never seen one with her own eyes. Who knows how many years had passed since then.

But now, the flow of her master’s aura was exactly as her Fox Race great-grandmother had described!

’He’s not about to transform, is he?’

Xiaobai trembled as she retreated behind the sofa. Peeking her little head out, she cautiously observed the phenomenon outside. The Golden Dragon Illusion grew ever larger, and her tail flicked happily behind her. The more she thought about it, the more excited she became.

’This is great!’

’If Master really transforms into a dragon, then wouldn’t this Fairy... be the first fox to be kept by a dragon?!’

...

...

The following days passed leisurely.

Qin Yang spent his days walking his fox, playing games at home in his spare time, taking moments to visualize the True Dragon Dharma Aspect, and ordering takeout.

His life was unhurried.

The consolidation of his True Dragon Dharma Aspect became more and more apparent.

The dragon bones solidified, and its flesh and sinews grew firm.

Whenever Qin Yang focused his mind, even for a moment, fine golden scales would appear on his skin. It was as if he were truly transforming into a dragon, but it was ultimately still just a Preliminary Form.

It couldn’t be considered a complete external manifestation of a Dharma Aspect.

However, after seeing this, Xiaobai became even more convinced of her theory.

’My Master is a True Dragon!!’

Meanwhile, a week went by in the blink of an eye.

The effects of Qin Yang laying low became apparent.

The storm of public opinion online went from a fever pitch to a low, and finally subsided completely. The foot traffic outside the library returned to normal.

The fervent citizens went back to their own business, and when the Jianghai Sword God’s first disciple didn’t appear, they all dispersed. The workload of the Star Martial Police Bureau also eased considerably.

Without Qin Yang as the main character, the farce could only come to a hasty end.

Many internet celebrities who had rushed over upon hearing the news waited by the entrance. When the Sword God’s first disciple never showed up, they were on the verge of tears from anxiety.

They were absolutely furious!

They had traveled all the way to Jianghai City just to cash in on the viral hype...

’And what does the second-generation Sword God do? He doesn’t even play by the rules!’

They waited for over half a week without even catching a glimpse of the man. Instead, the hotel prices near the library skyrocketed, viciously fleecing these attention-seeking influencers.

In the end, they could only watch as the immense traffic slipped through their fingers, and they left dejectedly.

From then on, there was a new group of heartbroken people outside Jianghai City.

Online, discussions on the matter were all over the place.

[The Sword God’s disciple didn’t show up. Is he hiding from us on purpose?]

[I heard from the library staff that the first disciple is really handsome! It’s such a shame we didn’t get to see him in person!]

[Tch! How can you even say that! With his personality, he obviously prefers peace and quiet. With so many people bothering him, it’d be a miracle if the second-generation Sword God showed up!]

[I have candid photos of the second-generation Sword God from before! Who wants them!? DM me!]

[Don’t fall for it, you scammer! You said you’d sell them to me, but you faked it with some celebrity’s paparazzi photos!]

......

「Fuhai District.」

"Good, things have finally quieted down."

In the living room, Qin Yang leaned back on the sofa, stretched lazily, and scrolled through the online comments, feeling a sense of relief.

’As long as I don’t show up, the hype dies down quickly. Life should be getting back to normal soon.’

’An ordinary life really is better.’

"Master, open your mouth."

Xiaobai was beside him, picking out a grape and feeding it into Qin Yang’s mouth while massaging his shoulders. "This servant is here."

"Not bad."

Qin Yang ate the grape and glanced at Xiaobai.

’I’m not sure what’s gotten into her, but her sycophantic-fox tendencies seem to have skyrocketed these past few days.’

At that moment.

DING!

A notification popped up on his phone.

It was a calendar reminder.

Qin Yang opened it.

He saw that it was the date of Xia He’s wedding—tomorrow......

...

...

「Early the next morning」

Qin Yang and Xiaobai headed to the location of Xia He’s wedding at a hotel that had been arranged in advance.

Elder Xia and the Commander had gone all out, inviting many high-level figures from Jianghai City. The hotel entrance was packed with all kinds of luxury cars, and the society ladies coming and going were all prominent figures.

Qin Yang arrived at the entrance with his invitation.

"Master, do we really have to be here?"

Xiaobai stood beside Qin Yang, having transformed back into a little white-haired loli wearing a baseball cap. She tilted her head up and asked, "Didn’t you say you weren’t going to attend?"

"Who said that?"

Qin Yang rolled his eyes. "I just said I wouldn’t be the best man. I still have to come. A wedding is a milestone in Xia He’s life. How could I miss it?"

"Fine,"

Xiaobai sullenly followed behind Qin Yang. "Whatever. This Fairy is just here to freeload a meal anyway...."

Just as they reached the entrance, an attendant walked up to greet them.

"Your invitations, please."

"Here."

Qin Yang handed over the invitation. "Please show us to our seats."

"No problem. One moment, please, while I check."

The attendant at the door took the invitation, checked it against the seating arrangement, and his expression became one of solemn respect. "Honored guests, please follow me."

Given the special nature of Qin Yang’s identity, Xia He had put a lot of thought into it and ultimately arranged a separate table for him, positioned relatively close to a corner.

It was an inconspicuous spot, but at the same time, it offered the clearest view of the stage.

’He really put a lot of thought into this.’

Qin Yang was still marveling at this as he followed the attendant’s lead and took his seat. The table was already laid out with a feast: Dongpo Pork, Ants Climbing a Tree, Braised Pork Knuckle... a collection of delicacies from all over.

"So much yummy food, Master."

Xiaobai was drooling. Looking at the delicacies on the table, a veritable Manchu-Han Imperial Feast, her saliva trickled down....

She immediately picked up her chopsticks.

For days, she’d been eating nothing but takeout with Qin Yang.

Xiaobai herself had been too lazy to cook.

Now, faced with this table full of delicacies, she couldn’t resist at all!

"Can we come freeload at banquets every day from now on, Master?"

Xiaobai broke apart her disposable chopsticks, picked up a piece of beef tripe, and popped it into her mouth, her little face puffed out. "With your status as the Young Master of the Heaven-Blasting Gang, these humans will definitely be fighting to invite you to make an appearance. Then we’ll never have to worry about finding a feast again!"

Qin Yang: "..."