Chapter 136: After a Year of Transmigration, I’ve Finally Landed a Mansion

「The next morning.」

The first light of dawn streamed into the spacious villa. After a night of brutal fighting, the three men in black had all died, their vicious attacks turned against one another.

Bits of flesh and spatters of blood were everywhere.

The thick, coppery smell permeated the air, nearly enough to make one gag.

Downstairs, outside the villa, police vehicles from the Star Martial Police Bureau were parked by the roadside. An orange-yellow police cordon was up, and a Commander was personally leading his men to secure the crime scene.

Li Daoming stood to the side, recounting the details of last night to a few officers.

"Looks like it needs another cleaning."

Li Qinghe walked past them, wearing a pair of tight, form-fitting jeans. Her short hair was messy, and she was carrying a prepared breakfast.

Last night’s raid had been perilous.

It was all thanks to the Array Qin Yang had provided that the nocturnal assailants had ended up killing each other.

Such a favor was no different from having one’s life saved.

After discussing it with Li Daoming last night, she had decided to thank him properly.

...

「A moment later.」

In the open-air area outside the library.

The streets were bustling with people. The din of the city was rising as busy office workers hurried past on their way to the subway and children with backpacks laughed and played.

’I’m early for work.’

After clocking in, Qin Yang found an empty seat in the open-air area. He was leisurely admiring the street view, waiting for his shift to start, when he suddenly saw Li Qinghe approaching.

In no time at all, she was standing before him.

"Master, good morning."

Li Qinghe pulled out a chair and sat down. "Thank you for your help last night. The raid is over."

As she spoke, she placed a food container in the center of the table and said sincerely, "It’s just a small token of our appreciation. Please, you must accept it."

"It’s nothing. It was no trouble at all."

Qin Yang nodded and, without being overly polite, took the container and opened it right away.

A sumptuous spread of dishes met his eyes, their aroma wafting to his nose. Unlike Li Zixuan’s previous breakfast, this wasn’t an ordinary meal of exotic delicacies, but a platter of high-grade spirit meat, intricately arranged with magnificent knife work.

"This is a small token of my father’s gratitude. And also this..."

Li Qinghe said softly, looking up at Qin Yang. She tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear and held out a paper certificate and a small, delicate key.

"A property deed?"

Qin Yang asked, his words muffled as he chewed his food. "For me?"

"Mhm."

Li Qinghe nodded, her eyes twinkling. "Your disciple recalls that you still live in a rented apartment, Master.

This villa is a thank-you gift for last night. It’s far from the city, secluded and quiet, so no one will disturb you.

Plus, the interior is fully furnished and equipped. You don’t have to worry about utilities or property management... The Li Family has already taken care of everything for you. It’s move-in ready."

"This..."

Qin Yang looked at the address on the deed: Jianghai Fuhai District. He had some impression of the place.

It was a famous retirement area, nestled between a mountain and a body of water. Its residents were all famous dignitaries, powerful figures, or international superstars. The privacy was excellent, its main selling point being peace and tranquility.

But the problem was...

’Could this gift from the Li Family... come with strings attached?’

"Master, please don’t worry."

Seeming to notice Qin Yang’s hesitation, Li Qinghe explained, "I purchased this villa under my own name. I’ll be personally responsible for the property management and utilities, so no one else from the Li Family will know about it.

Once you accept it, you can live there without any worries."

"You bought it in your name?"

Hearing this, Qin Yang looked at Li Qinghe, sizing up her attire.

Today, she wasn’t using a concealment Array and was showing her true face.

Her clothes were from affordable luxury brands, with any given item easily costing thousands, if not tens of thousands.

’I’ve been around her for so long I almost forgot she was a rich girl.’

And...

’A rich girl giving me a villa...’

’Why does this feel a little weird?!’

"Please accept it, Master. Otherwise, your disciple will feel terrible."

Seeing the hesitation on Qin Yang’s face, Li Qinghe placed her hand on the table, palm up, revealing the Star Stone within.

"If it weren’t for your help last night, I’m afraid something would have happened to my father..."

She shook her head, still shaken by the memory. "The attackers not only used poison, but they were also masters of the Innate Realm..."

Hearing this, Qin Yang frowned slightly. "After I told you, didn’t your Li Family consult with the Star Martial Police Bureau or Elder Li?"

"We did. We went to them right away, but..."

Li Qinghe’s brow furrowed. She paused, then said with some hesitation, "Last night, there were disturbances all over Jianghai City. Cult Demons were causing trouble in the north and west districts, and the Star Martial Police Bureau was dispatched overnight to suppress them.

And Elder Li had to stay and watch over the Martial Arts Academy to protect his students, so he couldn’t get away."

At this, Li Qinghe looked up at Qin Yang, her gratitude unconcealed.

You could say, without Qin Yang’s information and his Array last night, her father would have been caught in a death trap.

’If things had gone differently, the top trending news right now would probably be the obituary for the Li Family Patriarch!!!’

"Alright. In that case, I won’t be polite."

Seeing that it would be hard to refuse such kindness, Qin Yang accepted the gifts without further fuss.

After all, ’I did put in the work. It’s perfectly reasonable to be compensated for one’s labor. I can accept this gift with a clear conscience!’

Besides, over this period, the drawbacks of his rental apartment had become quite apparent. There were too many elderly neighbors, which made it inconvenient for him to comprehend the Laws.

’After all, with the random thunder and rain...’

’Who could put up with that?!’

...

「That afternoon.」

After getting off work at the library, Qin Yang and Xiaobai went home and got busy with the move.

Having drifted around for years, he didn’t actually own many large items.

He packed his clothes, grabbed two duffel bags, and that was pretty much everything.

「A moment later.」

He used his phone to call a taxi and headed straight for Fuhai District.

The vehicle moved slowly down the road.

Qin Yang sat in the front passenger seat with Xiaobai nestled in his lap, watching the scenery recede through the window.

’Thinking back, it’s been almost a year since I transmigrated. After living in this small apartment building for so long, I’ve inevitably developed some attachment to it.’

"Young man, you movin’ to Fuhai District?"

The driver, with his hands on the steering wheel, glanced at Qin Yang’s attire and casually made conversation. "That’s a nice place. I hear the property prices there have gone through the roof. It’s a treasure land filled with Spiritual Charm, too."

"Is that so."

Hearing this, Qin Yang smiled. "I’m not too clear on that. I’m just going to be living there for a while."

"Not clear?"

The driver’s eyes widened. "That land is worth its weight in gold, and you’re not clear? Ha, stop joking! You can’t get a deed there even if you have the money. It’s all for those with damn connections!"

With that, he turned to look at Qin Yang and chuckled. "You must have put in a lot of effort to get that deed, huh?"

"It was a gift."

Qin Yang leaned back against the headrest and closed his eyes to rest.

"A gift?"

Hearing this, the driver paused for a moment. Then he looked over Qin Yang’s face again and gave him a knowing smile.

"Oh, I get it, I get it! Not bad, young man... You’ve found a shortcut in life. Saved yourself seventy years of hard work."

"Smart move!"

The driver gave him a thumbs-up. "I admire young people like you. So accomplished at such a young age!"

Qin Yang: "..."

...

「A moment later.」

The taxi pulled over to the side of the road.

Qin Yang got out, dragging his luggage. He stood by the roadside with Xiaobai, gazing at the magnificent cluster of villas before him, feeling a wave of emotion.

’One year since I transmigrated. I’ve finally made it into a huge villa!’