Chapter 99: Li Qinghe’s Surprise: This Guy Is Unaffected by the Array?

’Just a small Illusion Array, and the Array Carving technique is so sloppy.’

In Library Area 1, Qin Yang held Xiaobai and silently watched Li Qinghe go through the entire process of Array Carving, shaking his head with a sigh.

When it came to her mastery of Array Formation...

She was a complete rookie...

Qin Yang had used his Spiritual Power to give it a quick once-over. Now, he could close his eyes and easily pick out a whole host of problems.

First of all,

Her technique was a huge issue. The lines of the Array were inconsistent in thickness.

This made the flow through the array lines extremely unstable, greatly increasing the rate at which the Star Stone was consumed.

Secondly,

Li Qinghe’s Spiritual Power reserves were also insufficient, which made the final Array Patterns she carved incomplete and poorly defined. The illusory effect was drastically reduced as a result...

’What a complete waste. If I had that Star Stone, I could get ten times the effect out of it.’

Qin Yang sighed regretfully.

Li Qinghe would probably never imagine

that he had seen her every move.

’However, her work isn’t entirely without merit.’

Sensing Li Qinghe’s Array Patterns with his Spiritual Power, Qin Yang gave a slight nod, still showing his approval for the future Array Dao Grandmaster.

After all,

Arrays are generally divided into nine levels.

The Illusion Array is a Second Level Illusion Technique, capable of easily confusing ninety percent of Postnatal Realm Martial Artists.

In certain special circumstances, it could even be used to fight opponents of a higher Realm, directly trapping Innate Experts with weak Spiritual Power within the Array.

They would fall into a nightmarish hell created by the one who set the Array.

Considering Li Qinghe was only at the Postnatal Realm yet could set up a Second Level Array, it was clear her Spiritual Power was quite strong!

Her talent for Arrays is extremely high!

’As expected of a future Array Dao Grandmaster. Not bad at all,’

Qin Yang chuckled as he stroked Xiaobai’s tail. ’Her current level is decent enough...’

’Well, she still needs more practice... Compared to me, she’s only off by, oh, a billion points or so...’

The *True Understanding of Array Dao* recorded many profound Magic Arrays that could reshape the world, the most powerful of which were Sixth Level Arrays.

As for the repertoire of Arrays he had currently mastered,

it included every single Fifth Level Array.

He could move mountains and stop rivers, part the veil and summon mist...

With a single gesture, he could easily deploy a grand array of mountains and rivers, capable of firmly trapping even an expert at the Peak of Grandmaster.

As for the Sixth Level beyond that, it involved even more profound secrets. His Cultivation would likely go more smoothly if he could supplement it with the complete Power of Laws.

But relying solely on his current Grandmaster Realm,

comprehending it was, after all, still somewhat difficult.

’But that’s fine. The Fifth Level Arrays are more than enough for now.’

After probing Li Qinghe’s skill with Arrays, Qin Yang had a clear measure of her abilities.

At best, she was a Second Level Array Master...

...while he had mastered all Fifth Level Arrays, placing him several major tiers above her.

’How could she possibly compare to me?’

’It’d be a walk in the park!’

......

Library Area 2.

"Hum hum~"

With the Star Stone in her pocket, Li Qinghe hummed a little tune as she leisurely strolled out from between the bookshelves.

She was flushed with success, feeling on top of the world.

Having finished carving the Star Stone, she was in high spirits. Her gaze swept arrogantly around her, her confidence swelling by the second.

Even her steps felt light and floaty.

’I’m already way better than my little brothers and sisters back home!’

’This young lady is self-taught, and I work so hard... I’m a true genius!’

At this thought, Li Qinghe excitedly shoved a hand into her pocket, turning the Star Stone over and over between her fingers.

She glanced idly at the nearby area and suddenly noticed that the space between the bookshelves was empty. A certain someone was nowhere to be found.

’That Qin guy is slacking off again!’

At this thought,

Li Qinghe glanced around.

It wasn’t even noon yet.

While there were few people around, it was the perfect time to test the power of her Illusion Array.

’I’ll just test it on you. Since you love sleeping so much, this young lady will help wake you up.’

Li Qinghe went to a corner and raised two fingers.

The next moment,

Several Star Stone Discs rose into the air at her command.

"Go."

The moment she spoke,

The circling Star Stones moved as if they were extensions of her own limbs, seemingly alive as they swiftly took up positions in every corner of Area 1.

HUMMMMM—

The carved Array Patterns began to hum. A light like molten gold flowed slowly along the patterns, stirring the environmental Laws within the area.

HUM!

The separate humming sounds suddenly merged into one!

The Array activated in an instant.

In the blink of an eye, the surrounding scenery transformed into a terrifying Illusion Realm.

The rows of bookshelves suddenly shot upward. Deformed flesh began to sprout, oozing from between the pages, growing explosively, and weaving together to form a grotesque maze of fleshy walls.

Shrill, grim screams echoed all around.

All of Area 1 seemed to have become the Avici Hell.

...

’Hiss... this girl... she’s really just messing around, isn’t she.’

Qin Yang sat on his little "slacking-off" stool, resting his head on Xiaobai as he leaned against the wall with his eyes closed. Of course, he had felt the changes in his surroundings.

It was a good thing Area 1 was empty.

If any innocent patrons had been caught up in this, it would have been a real problem.

Some of the more timid guests would have probably been scared to death on the spot.

’Whatever. Since no one else is here, I’ll just let her have her fun.’

Qin Yang yawned, shifted into a more comfortable position, and continued to immerse himself in the Enlightenment Space.

Bolstered by his formidable Spiritual Power, he saw through these little tricks at a glance. They were completely ineffective against him, nothing to be concerned about.

’Pools of blood and walls of flesh?’

’It’s all just smoke and mirrors...’

’Time to sleep!’

......

’Huh? Why isn’t that Qin guy moving at all?’

Hiding behind a bookshelf, Li Qinghe peeked through a gap between the books to watch Qin Yang, and she was completely stunned.

Several minutes had already passed since she activated the Magic Array.

’Logically, Qin Yang should have been scared awake by now!’

’Why isn’t he moving?’

’Could it be that my Array didn’t activate?’

Seeing this,

Li Qinghe crept over stealthily to the corner of Area 1 and felt for the Star Stones to inspect them.

The next moment,

A warm feedback of Star Force was transmitted back to her.

The Illusion Magic Array was running, functioning stably, and there wasn’t the slightest sign of damage to the Array Patterns.

’Strange, there’s clearly no problem with it...’

Li Qinghe scratched her head, squatting on the floor, her small face a picture of utter confusion.

The Array was fine.

Her own Star Force output was also stable.

So why...

...was that Qin guy not moving?

’Could he be sleeping that soundly?!’

Mulling it over,

Li Qinghe returned to her spot behind the bookshelf and continued to secretly observe Qin Yang’s movements.

Time ticked by.

Qin Yang remained on his stool, head tilted against the wall, perfectly still. Meanwhile, the surrounding illusions had long since intensified, reaching the absolute limit of the Illusion Array’s power.

Li Qinghe stared at Qin Yang, able to vividly imagine the situation he was supposedly in.

Inside the Illusion Realm,

Qin Yang’s feet would be in sticky blood, his head resting against a corpulent wall of flesh, with bloodcurdling screams echoing in his ears.

He should have woken up long ago!

’How can you possibly sleep in an environment like this?!’

And what was even more absurd was that little fox!

It was also fast asleep!

’Are these two immune to the Array’s effects?’

At this moment, Li Qinghe felt her Dao Heart begin to crumble.

She couldn’t understand it.

But she was shaken to her very core.

’But he’s clearly just an ordinary person!’