Chapter 93: The New Administrator

"To think we’ve only been apart a few days! I have to see you in a whole new light!"

Across the dining table, Xia He looked Qin Yang up and down in disbelief. "We haven’t seen each other in just a few days, and you’ve already made a move on Li Zixuan!? And you even succeeded!?"

"What nonsense are you spouting? It won’t be good if someone overhears..."

Qin Yang waved his hand dismissively. "...It would ruin your Bureau’s image."

As soon as the words were out,

Xia He, who had been grinning just a moment ago, had his expression change. He suddenly seemed to remember something and hastily clapped his hands over his mouth, not daring to make another peep.

After all,

Li Zixuan was on the verge of stepping into the Innate Realm; her future was limitless.

A genius like her was already on the recruitment lists of every major power. Even the leadership at the Star Martial Police Bureau headquarters placed great importance on her and had already added her to their talent list.

’And I’m just a rookie officer...’

’If I leave a bad impression on Li Zixuan because of this...’

’What if I ruin the Bureau’s talent acquisition plan?’

’The consequences would be unthinkable!’

"I didn’t say anything, Old Qin."

At this thought, Xia He gave himself a light slap on the cheek, then glanced around, still shaken.

"Alright, I didn’t hear anything either,"

Qin Yang said with a light chuckle, shaking his head. He stood up and started clearing the takeout boxes from the table. "It’s about time. You should get back to your patrol. I have to get to work, too."

"Yeah."

Xia He also got up, folded his takeout box, and then walked toward his police motorcycle.

"Remember to call me if you need anything, Old Qin. I’m just one call away."

"Got it."

Qin Yang nodded, watching Xia He leave. He then glanced in the direction Li Zixuan had gone, his face full of confusion.

’That’s strange.’

’What’s with that girl today?’

’Why’d she suddenly come looking for me?’

Meanwhile,

Xiaobai was still lying on a nearby chair, its little pink tongue sticking out, its soft belly turned upward, peacefully pretending to be asleep.

As if nothing had happened....

「A moment later.」

Qin Yang replayed the recent events in his mind, but seeing no clear leads, he decided to put the matter aside for now.

He would pursue the truth once he had more clues.

’Besides, with Li Zixuan’s personality—cold on the outside, but clueless on the inside—what threat could she possibly pose to me?’

At this thought,

Qin Yang finally relaxed. He took out his phone to check the time.

There were still five minutes until his shift started.

’It only makes sense for me to get off work early...’

’So there’s no way I’m starting work early.’

’It’s still early. I might as well continue deconstructing the Array Dao Pill Scripture.’

With that thought, Qin Yang cradled Xiaobai, set an alarm on his phone, leaned back in his chair, and sent his consciousness into the Martial Arts Space.

He focused his mind, feeling the midday breeze gently blow past.

The next moment,

Profound arrays unfolded in his mind, layer upon layer, as the transcendent song of the pill scripture echoed in his ears.

The profound and ancient charm of the Dao lingered, endlessly swirling around him.

Qin Yang hummed a cheerful tune, basking in the warm sunlight and reveling in his ever-improving knowledge—the picture of contentment as he was essentially "AFK grinding."

Making a world of progress without moving an inch.

HUMMM!

A massive amount of knowledge flooded into him.

Qin Yang reached a state of ultimate emptiness and tranquility, like an old monk in deep meditation, peacefully enjoying the advancement of his knowledge.

’Sigh, it’s just a shame I can’t work on comprehending the Wood Law Fragment.’

Qin Yang sighed in resignation.

’But there’s nothing I can do about that.’

The Wood Law Fragment was simply too profound.

The moment it was brought into the outside world, it would trigger an anomalous phenomenon.

’If I took out the Wood Law Fragment now, all the flowers in the library would probably burst into bloom, the whole place would fill with the essence of spring, and grass would sprout from the cracks between the tiles...’

’Tsk, what a beautiful sight that would be.’

’I can’t even imagine how ridiculous that would be.’

’When the Hall Master sees that, he’ll probably blow a gasket on the spot, tear the whole place apart, and mobilize the entire staff to find the source of the anomaly!’

’That would be bad.’

At this thought, Qin Yang shook his head. He heard his phone vibrating on the table.

The lunch break had passed in the blink of an eye.

........

「Afternoon.」

Qin Yang was clocking in at the entrance, about to head to his post, when he suddenly saw the Steward walking toward him, a personnel transfer sheet in hand.

"Qin Yang, come with me for a moment."

The Steward came to Qin Yang’s side and ticked a box on the sheet. "We’ve found someone for Xia He’s vacant post. The new guy is inexperienced; he needs you to show him the ropes."

"Alright."

Qin Yang gave a slight nod and followed quietly behind the Steward, a sense of relief washing over him.

’A few days have passed, so it’s about time the Steward found someone new.’

’Still,’

’I got double pay for double the slacking.’

’Definitely didn’t lose out on that deal!’

The two walked one after the other down the corridor and soon arrived at the library’s personnel office.

In the quiet office sat a young man. He looked a bit timid, head down, nervously clutching his pants. He was slender and gentle-looking, with delicate features.

"This is the new hire on probation, Li Qing. Get acquainted."

With that, the Steward turned to Qin Yang. He then addressed the young man, "This is Qin Yang. He’ll be your mentor and will show you around."

As soon as the Steward finished,

Li Qing shot up from his seat. Looking at Qin Yang, he said, "Hello, Brother Qin."

"No need for that, just call me Qin Yang. We’re going to be colleagues,"

Qin Yang said with a wave of his hand, his gaze falling on Li Qing.

Suddenly, he realized something was off.

At that moment,

Li Qing’s aura was completely concealed, with no trace of Star Force leaking out, making him seem just like an ordinary person. His face seemed illusory and indistinct, as if he were an existence that could not be spied upon.

’Hm? A concealment treasure?’

’Is he trying to play the wolf in sheep’s clothing with me?’

Qin Yang was surprised but put on a smile and chatted with Li Qing, while secretly releasing a wisp of his Spiritual Power.

The next moment,

An imperceptible wisp of Spiritual Power left his body and silently coiled around the newcomer, searching for a gap in his concealment technique, seeping through every crack.

Immediately,

Li Qing’s true strength was revealed in Qin Yang’s mind.

His Star Force was condensed, already showing the first signs of Heaven and Man’s Sympathy...

It was the Realm of the Postnatal Ninth Layer!

’Interesting.’

Qin Yang was amazed. This guy’s strength was on par with Li Zixuan’s; his future was equally limitless.

Just then, the Steward, seeing that their introductions were wrapping up, took out an agreement and a pen. He placed them on the desk and said slowly, "Here, Li Qing, sign this employment agreement, and then Qin Yang will take you from here."

"Oh."

Li Qing nodded lightly, quickly walked to the desk, and signed his name as the Steward instructed. His slender body trembled slightly, as if he were very excited about starting the job.

Seeing this, the Steward beamed. "Work hard. People are fighting tooth and nail for a job like this. You really hit the jackpot."

"Yes, thank you, Steward."

Li Qing nodded. "I will definitely work hard."

Meanwhile, Qin Yang, who was watching from the side, grew curious.

Just as he was wondering what this person’s purpose was in coming to the library,

The system’s voice suddenly rang out....

"[Ding! Array Dao Grandmaster Li Qinghe has been detected. Host, please evacuate immediately to avoid being trapped in an Array!]"