Chapter 67: What Is Your Relationship with the Jianghai Sword God?

"That Swordsmanship again!"

Below the Martial Arts Arena, Elder Li’s eyes widened, and he shot up from his seat in the VIP section, overcome with excitement.

The last time the leeches had run rampant at Li Shui Lake, Li Zixuan had relied on this very Startled Swan Sword Light to successfully wound the Blood Demon.

After that incident, Elder Li had questioned her about it.

But Li Zixuan had remained silent, unwilling to say another word, so Elder Li could only let the matter drop.

After all.

Regardless of where this Swordsmanship came from, it was part of Li Zixuan’s destiny—an incredibly precious opportunity for her Cultivation. His affection for his beloved disciple was deep, and he would never commit the filthy deed of stealing a Cultivation Technique.

What he hadn’t expected, however...

Was that now, only a few days later, Li Zixuan had unleashed this technique again, its power having multiplied several times over.

’It’s only been a few days, and Xuanxuan has grown so much...’

Elder Li raised his head, gazing at the brilliant sword light that filled the sky. The wind howled, and the aura was as overwhelming as a tsunami, blanketing everything.

In the stands, tens of thousands of spectators joined him in watching the magnificent sight, utterly speechless, their minds and bodies deeply shaken.

In the sky above, a strange phenomenon occurred.

Sword Intent surged like a turbulent current. Two different streams of Sword Qi clashed, like a pair of battling dragons, tearing the sunlight to shreds and shattering the thick sea of clouds.

Down on the Martial Arts Arena, which was now riddled with gullies and deep pits, the Star Force inscriptions at the four corners spun wildly, raising the Star Essence Curtain to protect the audience from the spreading Sword Qi.

CRACK!

A faint, subtle cracking sound was heard.

The audience followed the sound with their eyes and saw fine cracks appearing on the protective Star Force Array, looking as if it might shatter at any moment!

Seeing this, the crowd was utterly floored.

’What kind of power is this?’

’You have to understand, this Magic Array was specifically designed for protection.’

’It could even withstand the aftershocks from an Innate Early Stage powerhouse for a while!’

’But now...’

’It’s being shaken by two juniors who haven’t even reached the Innate Realm?’

’This is ridiculous!’

The crowd looked at each other in shock, completely stunned.

"As expected of prodigies. They’re fucking monsters. I give up!"

"Unleashing the might of an Innate Powerhouse while still in the Postnatal Realm... how are the rest of us supposed to compete?"

While everyone was talking,

The air pressure at the center of the arena intensified, forming a terrifying storm around the Array. Countless streams of Sword Intent erupted, crashing wildly against the Star Force barrier.

The crowd began to panic on the spot.

That Sword Qi was horrifyingly powerful. If it broke through, they would surely be injured.

’I just bought a ticket to watch a show...’

’It’s not worth losing my life over!’

"Everyone, do not panic! This Array will not break!"

At that moment, Elder Li’s sharp shout calmed the crowd’s emotions.

The next moment,

Several powerful streams of Star Force were channeled into the barrier. Yu Wenxuan and the other masters worked together, sealing the cracks that had formed.

The barrier became as solid as a rock, preventing the Sword Intent on the Martial Arts Arena from spreading any further.

Instantly, the Sword Intent on the stage stirred up sand and dust, creating a small-scale sandstorm.

The spectators’ vision was obscured, making it impossible to see the battle within.

Now, all they could do was wait.

Only when the storm of Sword Intent subsided and the dust settled would the Star Force barrier finally dissipate.

At this thought, the audience fell silent.

All eyes converged on the center of the arena, waiting for the final curtain to be drawn...

...

「A few minutes later.」

The Sword Intent on the Martial Arts Arena finally died down.

The air pressure suddenly stabilized, the Star Force barrier slowly dissipated, and the dust at the center scattered in all directions...

Seeing this, the crowd quickly locked their gazes on the center of the Martial Arts Arena.

There, Huyan Sword was kneeling on one knee, his longsword shattered in his hand. Blood trickled from the corner of his mouth, and his face was as pale as paper.

And in front of him,

Li Zixuan stood proudly, her sword held at an angle, its tip pointed at the space between Huyan Sword’s eyebrows. Her expression was as cold as ever.

"The match is decided."

She said in a low voice, her tone devoid of any emotion.

Hearing this, Huyan Sword gripped his Broken Sword and slowly rose to his feet, his gaze toward Li Zixuan complex.

Humiliation, resentment, helplessness... All sorts of bitter emotions churned in his chest. In the end, he could only choke out a single sentence:

"I... I lost."

The moment he spoke,

The entire arena erupted in an uproar. Countless people in the stands began chanting Li Zixuan’s name.

The wave of sound was like rolling thunder, deafening, like the clamorous gongs of the New Year celebration.

"She won! Senior Sister Li won!"

"The Sword Saint’s disciple’s winning streak ended here in Jianghai! Hell yeah!"

"Our Jianghai Martial Arts Academy is the best in the world!"

In the stands, the academy’s students hugged each other, savoring the joyous moment.

This battle of Li Zixuan’s was highly significant. It was no longer a personal duel, but a clandestine struggle between entire factions.

When one thrives, all thrive; when one falls, all fall!

The people in the audience pulled out their phones one after another to take selfies, documenting this historic moment.

"Damn, Old Qin, you actually fucking guessed it right."

In the crowd, Xia He took out his phone, turned his back to the Martial Arts Arena, and adjusted the angle for a selfie.

"Just lucky, that’s all."

Qin Yang smiled. He was in a good mood, so he slung an arm around Xia He’s shoulders, and they posed for a picture of that moment.

CLICK!

After taking the photo,

Xia He looked at Qin Yang beside him and couldn’t help but tease,

"I didn’t expect that girl to be so tough. You’d better watch out, Old Qin. Don’t go and piss her off one day, or she’ll chop you in half with one swing of her sword, haha."

Qin Yang just smiled and said nothing.

Their conversation was drowned out by the chaos of the scene.

The stands were filled with noise, a boiling cauldron of clamor that enveloped the entire Martial Arts Plaza.

Huyan Sword listened to the noise from the audience, glanced down at the Broken Sword in his hand, and muttered to himself in a daze:

"I actually lost..."

"I will be back."

He whispered, then turned numbly and began walking toward the edge of the plaza.

His retreating figure was desolate, his limbs stiff, like a puppet with its strings cut...

"Hey."

Seeing this, Li Zixuan was about to call out to him, but she suddenly felt a chill behind her!

A suppressive aura descended as Yu Wenxuan appeared silently behind her.

"Not bad. I didn’t expect a place as small as Jianghai to produce such a fine seedling like you."

Yu Wenxuan said with a booming laugh, striding slowly to stand before Li Zixuan.

As he spoke, he glanced at Huyan Sword’s retreating back. "You don’t need to worry about my disciple. I will handle him."

"Yes."

Li Zixuan was neither servile nor overbearing. She cupped her hands toward Yu Wenxuan and said, "Senior, you flatter me."

"Heh."

Yu Wenxuan’s eyes narrowed slightly as he sized up Li Zixuan, looking like a kind and amiable senior.

The atmosphere was peaceful.

Some reporters on the scene rushed over, raised their cameras, and pressed their shutters, immediately capturing the tranquil scene.

Li Zixuan looked at the reporters, raising a hand to shield her eyes from the flashes, and was about to leave the stage.

Suddenly!

The Sword Saint’s voice echoed in her mind.

"Little girl, what is your relationship with the Jianghai Sword God?"

As his voice faded,

Li Zixuan’s pupils contracted. Her heart instantly began to pound wildly, but she forced herself to remain calm and replied in a low voice,

"This junior does not understand what Senior means."

Hearing this,

Yu Wenxuan’s eyes narrowed again. He gave Li Zixuan a meaningful look, let out a soft chuckle, and said nothing more.

Then he turned and walked off in the direction Huyan Sword had gone.