Chapter 172 - 171: Huh? The Sword God Has No Little Pecker?

A moment later.

"Master, are you done yet?"

Inside the room, Xiaobai sat on a stool, restlessly kicking her little legs. "Master," she asked nervously, "you didn’t mess it up, did you?"

"Don’t be hasty. I’m almost done. You have to trust your master’s skills."

Qin Yang replied calmly.

He held a pair of scissors, deftly trimming the hair around Xiaobai’s temples.

SNIP, SNIP.

With each crisp snip, soft white fur fell like rain, but before it could hit the ground, it vanished in a flash, disappearing into thin air.

The early morning sun slanted in through the window.

A moment later, Qin Yang put down the scissors and gently patted Xiaobai’s back.

"Alright, that should do it. Go take a look."

"Hmph! This Fairy is warning you, you mean Master! If you really did mess it up, I won’t let you off easy..."

Xiaobai huffed, wiggled her bottom as she climbed off the chair, and muttered under her breath as she walked toward the mirror in the corner, "You’d better not sleep too soundly tonight..."

"Not too soundly..."

As she spoke, she stood before the mirror and looked herself over, then suddenly trailed off.

In the mirror,

bathed in the gentle morning light, Xiaobai saw a cute, white-haired little girl. She was wearing a floral-print nightgown, her features were delicate, her skin was like cream, and her snow-white hair draped over her perky bottom.

"Eh? Master, your skills aren’t half bad!"

Xiaobai spun around, looking rather surprised. "You actually cut it so well? I feel like this Fairy is even prettier than before..."

"...What was that you were saying just now?"

Qin Yang moved a lounge chair in front of the floor-to-ceiling window, lay down, and asked leisurely, "Telling me not to sleep too soundly... and then what?"

The words had barely left his lips.

"And then..."

In front of the mirror, Xiaobai turned around with a mischievous grin, twirling a lock of hair around her finger. "And then... and then I’ll climb into your bed and warm it up for you, Master..."

"Get lost!"

Qin Yang rolled his eyes, not wanting to talk. He basked comfortably in the sun, fiddling with the Star Ring on his right hand.

That last round of fur-trimming had been a huge haul. The Star Ring was now filled to the brim with fox fur, and he was ecstatic.

’With these raw materials on hand, I can finally mass-produce the Rainstorm Pear Blossom Needle.’

Qin Yang thought gleefully, shifting into a more comfortable position on the lounge chair. He enjoyed the warm sunlight, too lazy to bother with Xiaobai anymore.

"Aiya, Master, don’t be mad!"

Hugging a phone with a screen cracked from a fall, Xiaobai walked past Qin Yang and headed for the kitchen. "Now that this Fairy’s fur has grown out, I’ll definitely reward you well, Master."

"This Fairy will take care of breakfast today! You just wait!"

As soon as she finished speaking,

the pots, pans, bowls, and plates in the kitchen began to clatter.

A racket ensued, and a moment later, Xiaobai was already busy at work...

...

’That silly fox.’

Qin Yang tilted his head slightly, listening to the commotion from the kitchen. He couldn’t be bothered to intervene. He’d already finished harvesting the fox fur anyway, so it didn’t matter what kind of ruckus she made.

He glanced at the time.

It was still early, the perfect time to browse some short videos.

There had been a huge disturbance in the city last night. The internet was probably blowing up by now.

...

Qin Yang unlocked his phone, opened an app, and took a quick look. Just as he’d expected, the trending topics were all news videos about last night.

Some citizens of Jianghai City had held up their phones and recorded the shocking scene, uploading it to the internet from various angles.

In the videos,

Celestial Thunder surged and a torrential downpour lashed the coastal city, shaking the concrete jungle. At two in the morning, the sky was as bright as day, and the rain fell in a furious deluge.

On the ground, grass and trees flourished as if it were spring. Though it was the season for autumn leaves, a hundred flowers were blooming.

The morning’s trending news was in a frenzy, with topics about the Jianghai phenomenon taking up eight or nine of the top spots!

Qin Yang casually clicked on a video and scrolled through the comments below.

"Is Jianghai undergoing a heavenly tribulation or something? The thunder lasted all night?!"

"Awesome!! I sat by my window all night and ended up watching until dawn!"

"It rained all night. The drainage system in Jianghai almost collapsed. I heard it might be related to the Jianghai Sword God? Rumor is that it’s a phenomenon caused by him breaking through?"

"I heard that too... All the experts in Jianghai City gathered yesterday. It was a spectacular sight. Elder Li flew right over my head!"

"The Sword God broke through? That’s great news! This will surely intimidate those Cult Demons."

Amid the netizens’ eager discussions, the online buzz grew louder and louder. #JianghaiSwordGod, #CitywideDownpour, and #Breakthrough were among the multiple hashtags that shot to the top of the trending list.

Qin Yang remained noncommittal and continued scrolling through the videos.

It was all just for fun, anyway.

Why watch videos about the Sword God? He’d rather keep watching girls dance!

Qin Yang was swiping through videos, bored out of his mind, when his eyes suddenly narrowed. He had spotted a peculiar comment.

[The Sword God has no wee-wee!!]

"Huh???"

’What’s going on?’

Qin Yang froze. ’Even I, the Sword God, have haters?’

’And they’re so blatant about it?’

’Are you kidding me!’

’Who is this? I might as well be a good samaritan and report them.’

Frowning, Qin Yang tapped the commenter’s profile picture and scrolled down their bio. One look at their comments gave him a shock.

Holy cow!

This person was a professional hater!

On their profile page, a dozen or so comments in a row were all slanderous remarks about the Jianghai Sword God.

"Snake-oil salesman!"

"Animal abuser!"

"Gluttonous, lazy, and doesn’t like to move!"

Seeing this, Qin Yang started to get angry. The account was a newly registered, anonymous smurf account. He glanced at the username on the page...

[Sword God’s Number Two Anti-Fan!]

Below the username was the bio:

"The Sword God is a hypocrite! All he knows is how to abuse small animals! He not only makes this Fairy do laundry and cook, but he also wants me to warm his bed! He’s such a fox-bully!"

His gaze landed on that line.

Qin Yang fell silent.

’The lady doth protest too much...’

He narrowed his eyes, his gaze shifting to the kitchen where Xiaobai was currently making breakfast.

’That silly fox...’

’Does she really think the internet is a lawless land?’

...

Meanwhile.

「In the kitchen.」

The soup simmering in the pot was bubbling, its fragrant aroma filling the air.

Xiaobai leaned against the kitchen cabinet, holding her phone with the cracked screen, her fingers tapping rapidly.

While acting as Qin Yang’s Protector last night, she had crammed a ton of internet knowledge, finally catching up with the netizens and understanding all sorts of coded insults and curse words.

’Hmph, hmph, this Fairy is a fast learner!’

Taking advantage of a break while the soup simmered, Xiaobai finished posting a new round of inflammatory comments, twirling a lock of hair with her fingertips.

Just then,

DING—

A new notification popped up. Xiaobai tapped on the comment reply, her peach-blossom eyes narrowing as a cunning smile played on her lips.

’Someone took the bait!’

[Netizen: You’re a professional hater, dissing the Sword God every day. Don’t you have a conscience?]

[Xiaobai: **!!!]

PS: I slept like a log last night, so I woke up at five in the morning to write...