Chapter 173 - 172: Lin Mofeng’s Instructions, the Sword God Is in Grave Danger

"This Fairy is satisfied,"

In the kitchen, after firing off a wave of comments, Xiaobai brandished her spatula, a wave of satisfaction washing over her.

’So this is how good it feels to flame people online!’

"So satisfying!"

’From now on, this Fairy will argue online every day and stir up major drama for my bad master!’

Xiaobai squinted, lost in thought, when her phone suddenly buzzed again. After unlocking the screen, she saw another message from the same netizen as before.

Turn around.

"Turn around???"

Xiaobai read the message on the screen and froze for a moment.

’What does "turn around" mean?’

’Is it an insult, like **?’

’This guy... did this Fairy flame him so hard he went stupid?!’

Xiaobai put down her phone and giggled, her peach-blossom eyes narrowing into slits. Her tail wagged excitedly as she subconsciously glanced behind her.

’Still not convinced, huh? Well, stay mad!’

However, in the next moment, she was dumbfounded.

Behind her, Qin Yang was holding his phone, squinting at her. His expression was dark and unpredictable, and a murderous aura ten times more intense filled the entire kitchen.

"Master? What are you doing here?!"

Xiaobai was stunned. She quickly hid her phone behind her back. Her gaze drifted to Qin Yang’s phone, and her heart skipped a beat as a possibility occurred to her.

’Could it be...’

’That netizen from just now was Master?!’

’Impossible, absolutely impossible!’

Xiaobai leaned against the corner of the table, her petite body curled into a ball.

’This Fairy is such an honest fox... He actually set me up!’

"Do you have anything else to say?"

Qin Yang gave a smile that didn’t reach his eyes. He held up his phone, scrolling through the chat history on the screen. "The witness and material evidence are all here, aren’t they... leader of the Sword God’s number two anti-fan club?"

"I..."

Xiaobai was sweating profusely, her forehead drenched. "Master, listen to my cunning excuses... no, I mean, listen to my explanation!"

"Still trying to argue? I have the chat history right here! What else is there to say!?"

Qin Yang grabbed Xiaobai, flipped her over, and pinned her onto the counter. He raised his hand and brought it down with a smack on her butt.

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!

The fierce "clapping" sound was infused with Star Force.

Pinned to the counter and unable to move, Xiaobai trembled from the pain. Her eyes instantly reddened, and she decided to throw caution to the wind.

"This Fairy won’t submit! You bad master, you actually set me up! You have no martial virtue!!!"

’Who would have thought,’

’that Master would actually use an alt account to argue with me!’

’So despicable!’

"Won’t submit? As if I care whether you submit or not!"

Qin Yang said coldly, continuing to spank her. Potent Star Force gathered in his palm, and each slap made Xiaobai tremble.

’Lately, I’ve been feeding her Hair Growth Pills every day without any punishment.’

’It’s really made her arrogant!’

’She needs a good spanking!’

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!

Each slap that fell was a blow to Xiaobai’s pride.

At first, she could still endure it, gritting her teeth without a sound. She just stuck out her perky butt, swallowed her tears, and didn’t say a word.

But it wasn’t long before her tough will weakened, and she started to cry out with whimpers.

"Waaaah... you’re abusing a small animal..."

"This Fairy is going to report you..."

"Crying to me? You’re going to report me?"

"More spanking!"

Qin Yang raised his hand and continued to spank her, like a torrential downpour.

It wasn’t until a moment later that Xiaobai finally begged for mercy. She hugged Qin Yang’s thigh, snot and tears streaming down her face, crying like a weeping beauty.

"I’m sorry, Master! This servant will never dare to do it again, waah!"

"Hmph, it doesn’t matter. You slander me once, I’ll spank you once... I don’t mind."

Qin Yang looked at his palm, then glanced at Xiaobai’s perky butt. "Feels nice. Very smooth!"

With that, he let go of Xiaobai and turned to walk toward the living room.

"Hurry up and make breakfast! I have to go to work later!"

"Waaah... Yes... Master..."

Xiaobai lowered her head, sniffling, and busied herself with the remaining cooking tasks. Then, she brought all the dishes to the table in the living room.

A moment later, after Qin Yang finished breakfast, Xiaobai followed silently behind him, clutching her red, swollen butt. The man and the fox headed for the library.

...

...

「Jianghai Martial Arts Academy.」

It was early morning. A few autumn leaves spiraled down as students with books tucked under their arms, rushing to their 8 AM classes, walked along the main campus road.

Li Zixuan, dressed in sportswear and carrying a book, avoided the crowd and walked slowly toward the school gate.

Nowadays, she no longer needed to attend classes.

With her strength at the Early Stage of the Innate Realm, she was essentially the second-in-command at Jianghai Martial Arts Academy, her status second only to Elder Li’s. Her time was her own to manage.

’I wonder if Senior Brother is at work yet.’

Li Zixuan thought silently, lowering her head to pull her student ID out of her bag.

But just as she reached the gate, a figure suddenly appeared and blocked her path.

"Senior Brother Lin? What are you doing here?"

Li Zixuan was a bit surprised to see Lin Mofeng. "Were you waiting for me?"

"Yes, I’ve been waiting for a while."

Lin Mofeng tilted his head and glanced at the library card in Li Zixuan’s hand. "Are you heading to the library to study, Junior Sister?"

"Yes. Senior Brother, did you stop me... for a particular reason?"

Li Zixuan tucked a strand of dark hair behind her ear and subconsciously hid the book behind her back. "If not, I’ll be going. I need to find a good seat at the library."

"It’s fine, I won’t take up too much of your time."

Lin Mofeng shook his head. "I just have a situation I’d like to ask you to relay."

"What is it, Senior Brother?"

"Ahem, the situation is urgent. If you see Senior Sword God, please be sure to tell him to be careful. He’s in a very dangerous situation right now."

"Dangerous?"

Hearing this, Li Zixuan’s brow furrowed slightly in confusion. "Is someone targeting him recently?"

"Yes. Jianghai hasn’t been peaceful these past few days. The commotion Senior Sword God caused by slaying the Demon in Sword God Valley was too great."

Lin Mofeng said in a low voice, "I’m afraid a Venerable Realm master from the Beast God Sect is already after him. If you can, you should warn Senior Sword God as soon as possible to be wary of the Beast God Sect!"

"The Beast God Sect... what kind of power is that? They actually have a Venerable Realm expert?!"

Li Zixuan said in astonishment, the hand holding her book trembling slightly.

’Anything related to her sect always weighed heavily on her heart.’

’What’s more, this was a Cult she had never even heard of!’

"Just a bunch of lunatics."

Lin Mofeng shook his head and added, "Lunatics who have mastered Venerable Realm methods... Senior Sword God just broke through to a new Realm, so he might not be a match for these old-timer Venerables."

As he spoke, Lin Mofeng’s eyes focused. He looked at Li Zixuan and said softly, "Although the senior’s methods are heaven-defying, he must still be extra careful no matter what."

"..."

Li Zixuan was silent for a long moment. She frowned in thought for a bit, then nodded. "I understand."

"That’s all I have to say. You must not leak this information, Junior Sister."

Lin Mofeng warned, "This is all just some gossip I heard from the upper echelons of the Lin Family in the Imperial Capital. If you spread it, it could cause trouble."

"Understood. Thank you for going to the trouble, Senior Brother, and for the warning."

Li Zixuan nodded, her expression grave. "I will definitely pass the message on to Senior Sword God."