Chapter 256 - 255: Take a Disciple? Are You Worthy?

"You insolent brat! The sheer arrogance of you!"

Meng Tianxuan retracted his right hand and looked at the savage, crisscrossing sword marks on it. Sharp Sword Qi grazed his Dharma Body. In that brief exchange, he had actually come out worse for wear!

The sleeve of his robe on his right arm was torn away at the shoulder, revealing a mangled, bloody arm!

Qin Yang’s newly unleashed Sword Intent was unstoppable; his only option had been to retreat.

If he had tried to block it head-on, he feared his entire arm would have been obliterated!

"What terrifying Sword Intent..."

Meng Tianxuan murmured, shocked to his core. His expression turned incredibly grim.

Ever since he stepped into the Celestial Venerable Realm, this was the first time he had been put in such a state.

"Just what is this Swordsmanship?"

Meng Tianxuan could admit that there were a few people who could injure him, but in thousands of years, no one from the Earth Venerable Realm had ever managed it.

Qin Yang was the first!

Every time this young man made a move, he shattered Meng Tianxuan’s worldview.

"Senior, you’re not dying on me, are you? That looks like a nasty injury."

Qin Yang materialized a short distance away. He gave his sword a beautiful flourish and grinned, baring his teeth as he looked at Meng Tianxuan’s wounded right hand.

"This Swordsmanship is called the Sword God Domain! It’s not a pleasant experience to be inside my Domain, is it..."

"Sword God Domain?"

Meng Tianxuan was uncertain. He glanced sideways at the tattered sleeve on his right arm.

He was secretly astonished by its power.

’A move that can injure me, a Celestial Venerable.’

’If word of this got out, it would surely cause a bloody storm in the outside world!’

’This kind of power far surpasses the standard for Emperor Level Martial Arts!’

Thinking of this, Meng Tianxuan looked up at Qin Yang and asked with some hesitation, "Did your master create this as well?"

If he didn’t get an answer today, he feared he wouldn’t be able to eat or sleep in peace.

"That’s right!"

Qin Yang flicked the blade of his Ziwei Sword, then floated cross-legged in the air. His handsome face shone in the sunlight, radiating high spirits. "It was indeed passed down by my master."

"Is that so..."

When his voice fell, the Venerable Alliance Leader didn’t press further. Instead, a thoughtful look appeared in his eyes, as if he was regretting something.

"What a pity..."

He shook his head and let out a heavy sigh. "For your master to have such talent, he would have surely entered the Celestial Venerable Realm in the future, perhaps even reaching greater heights. If it weren’t for that accident... sigh. Truly, the heavens are jealous of geniuses."

On second thought, the Venerable Alliance Leader suddenly felt a wave of relief.

’Good thing the Jianghai Sword God is dead.’

Otherwise, if he had been allowed to mature and successfully break through the shackles of the Celestial Venerable Realm... would I even have been qualified to fight him?

’I probably wouldn’t even be worthy of carrying his shoes!’

"A pity, truly a pity."

At this thought, Meng Tianxuan looked at Qin Yang, a hint of pity in his eyes. "Aren’t you sad about the Jianghai Sword God’s fall? He was your beloved master. Don’t you miss him? Have you ever thought of avenging him?"

He continued, trying to coax him.

"With your Cultivation that has already stepped into the Venerable Realm, wouldn’t it be a waste to just stop here..."

"There’s nothing to waste."

Hearing this, Qin Yang curled his lip and cut him off. "My master once said that life and death are destined. He told me I didn’t need to seek revenge for him, and that there was no revenge to be had.

"As long as I live a safe and stable life, he can rest in peace."

"...That’s it?"

Meng Tianxuan was stunned for a moment.

He was a bit bewildered by the retort.

He had never expected such an answer.

’This brat isn’t taking the bait at all!’

’I was trying to agitate his Dao Heart, but he’s just... completely unmotivated, isn’t he?’

"Don’t tell me you don’t even practice your Cultivation normally?"

Meng Tianxuan sized up Qin Yang’s aura and couldn’t help but ask again. To enter the Venerable Realm at such a young age... such talent was as rare as a phoenix feather anywhere you looked.

The ashes of Qi Qingshan drifted about, a faint mist of blood still visible in the air.

But now, he no longer had any mind to seek revenge for him.

’After all, with Qin Yang right in front of me... I lost a Qi Qingshan whose Dao Heart was shattered... but in exchange, I get a cultivation seed who is guaranteed to enter the Divine Venerable Realm...’

’No matter how I look at it, this is a profitable deal for me, Meng Tianxuan!’

’A huge win!’

"Qin Yang!"

At this thought, Meng Tianxuan didn’t hesitate. He couldn’t wait to shout, his voice like a great bell, "This Venerable recognizes your outstanding talent. Are you willing to become my disciple?"

As his voice fell.

"Take me as your disciple?"

Hearing this, Qin Yang’s expression was strange.

’This...’

’What is this situation?’

’I just killed your man, and now you want to take me as your disciple in the blink of an eye?’

’Seriously, man!’

’Qi Qingshan’s ashes are still floating around us!’

’If he heard this, he’d probably get angry enough to come back to life!’

"Absurd!"

Seeing this, Ye Fan and the others couldn’t sit still any longer. They immediately stepped forward, expertly getting into character according to Xiaobai’s *Actor’s Notes*, and pointed at the Venerable Alliance Leader to berate him:

"Our junior brother just died, and you’re already openly trying to poach from our sect? I have never seen such a shameless person!"

The powerful voice spread out, and all the citizens of Jianghai City heard his words. The topic started trending online, and many netizens began to discuss it.

Taking on a disciple was one thing, and the Sword God’s reputation was renowned, but an invitation from a Celestial Venerable Realm expert was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!

"Speaking of which, I don’t think the Jianghai Sword God ever reached the Celestial Venerable Realm, did he?"

The internet was abuzz with discussion. Even Elder Li down below was debating it, while many citizens showed looks of contempt.

In their hearts, the Jianghai Sword God was already an unreachable existence. There was no way they would let the Venerable Alliance Leader get his way.

They were all cursing him....

"Silence!"

The Venerable Alliance Leader heard the curses around him, but his face didn’t flush and his heart didn’t race. He ignored the clamor from Jianghai City and patiently awaited Qin Yang’s answer.

In his eyes, Qin Yang was now a hot commodity!

Not only was he skilled at fusing two schools of Martial Arts, but he had also entered the Venerable Realm at a young age, and his temperament was unusually stable. He was a perfect budding talent for the Divine Venerable Realm!

’Such talent...’

’How can I allow him to be tainted by others?!’

"So? What are your thoughts?"

Meng Tianxuan stood with his hands behind his back, smoothed out the tattered sleeve on his right arm, and regained his immortal-like demeanor. He said:

"We can consider this a case of ’not knowing each other until we fought’. In light of your fierce nature and adherence to your principles, this Venerable cherishes talent and is willing to let bygones be bygones. I can even take you as my personal disciple!"

"And if I were to become your disciple, what then?"

Qin Yang’s expression flickered as he put on a moved look. "Are those the only benefits?"

"Of course not!"

Seeing this, Meng Tianxuan was overjoyed and continued to make promises:

"In the future, when the bond between us, master and disciple, has deepened, this Alliance Leader can guarantee you this! When I pass on, the position of Venerable Alliance Leader will ultimately be in your hands!"

"Just think about it... with a single word, you could command countless Venerable Realm experts. Who in the world would dare to disobey you?!"

As his voice fell, the citizens in Jianghai City erupted, and netizens watching from a thousand miles away were filled with envy.

This was the promise of a Celestial Venerable, a huge deal among Star Martial Artists. Not to mention the transfer of power over the faction behind him and the endless resources to enjoy. It was incredibly tempting!

’Such a good deal...’

’Who wouldn’t be tempted?’

"The Alliance Leader is really making a grand gesture..."

Liu Wushuang sighed to herself. Hearing the Alliance Leader’s promises, she herself was a little moved and wanted to accept on Qin’s behalf.

’With Qin Yang’s aptitude, if he agrees, reaching the Celestial Venerable Realm is a sure thing!’

’He might even be able to touch upon the realms beyond that!’

"I wonder what Qin’s answer will be?"

......

"Take me as a disciple?"

Qin Yang listened to Meng Tianxuan’s words. After a brief moment of thought, a flicker of emotion did indeed cross his eyes, but it wasn’t because he wanted to agree.

Instead, he was already thinking about how to break the man’s composure.

’To make him lose his cool!’

’I have to take Meng Tianxuan’s pride and stomp it into the ground.’

Thinking of this, Qin Yang reverted to his previous devil-may-care attitude. He tilted his head, looking at the Venerable Alliance Leader, and after a moment’s contemplation, asked in a mocking tone:

"Old man, take me as your disciple? Are you even worthy?"

The light words fell, but they were like a clap of thunder!!

"?"

Meng Tianxuan’s face darkened. In all these years, this was the first time anyone had refused him. For a moment, he thought he had misheard. He stared at Qin Yang’s face, clenched his jaw, and said word by word:

"What... did you say? Say that again for this Venerable to hear..."

As he spoke, immense Star Force emerged, and a terrifying aura slowly spread through the sky.

Divine Power Like a Prison descended, and a torrential downpour began to ROAR.

RUMBLE!

Streaks of wild lightning, like writhing horned dragons, tore through the Celestial Curtain as the thunderstorm pierced the sea of clouds.

The previously calm atmosphere once again became as tense as drawn swords. A hundred times more killing intent erupted, locking firmly onto Qin Yang from all directions.

There was no escape!

If he didn’t hear a satisfactory answer, Qin Yang would surely die!

"Qin! Think twice!"

Cold sweat dripped from Liu Wushuang’s temples. She was in a full-blown panic, never having expected this turn of events!

’A chance to become the disciple of a Celestial Venerable Realm expert!’

’And he’s not taking it!’

’How can a junior like you possibly withstand the wrath of a Celestial Venerable?’

’Even if you just pretend to agree and then figure out a way to escape later, that would be better!!’

’This is pure suicide!’

Meng Tianxuan’s hair and beard stood on end. The indigo-white lightning above his head changed color, and his magnificent robes billowed.

"I’ll give you one last chance! This world has no shortage of geniuses, both living and dead. This Venerable has seen countless!"

"Tsk, what’s the point..."

Seeing this, Qin Yang rolled his eyes and lost his temper as well. He roared back, "No matter how many times you ask, my answer is the same!

"A disrespectful old coot like you! You’re worthy of being my master? You insulted my sect, and you want me to join your Venerable Alliance?"

"Are you fucking worthy?!"

BOOM!

The confrontational words were shocking, directly detonating the situation.

"INSOLENT BRAT!!!"

Across the sky, the Venerable Alliance Leader’s roar shook the heavens, and the thunderous storm reached its peak!

....

"Are you fucking worthy!?"

Down below in the crowd, many citizens covered their ears, all of them stunned by Qin Yang’s response.

’That’s just too hardcore!’

’This guy must be a madman!’

"As expected of the Sword God’s disciple..."

Elder Li stroked his white beard, his hands trembling as he murmured. He too was shaken beyond belief.

"Master is so amazing!"

Li Qinghe gazed upward, his heart pounding. His image of Qin Yang changed drastically in an instant. This wasn’t just an answer; this was him throwing the Venerable Alliance Leader’s face on the ground and stomping on it!

However, at this very moment, crimson Star Force descended, enveloping the entire apartment complex area. It spread out rapidly from Meng Tianxuan at its center. A terrifying zone of death was forming.

......

「In a residential complex a thousand miles away.」

"Oh? Did I get to him?"

Qin Yang raised an eyebrow, watching the scene on the live broadcast. He then glanced out the window in the direction of the apartment, where the sky was filled with a brilliant crimson glow, as if stained with blood.

It was like the end of the world had arrived.

Waiting for the system’s notification, he felt a little puzzled. ’Why isn’t the damn system responding yet?’

’Getting him this angry doesn’t count as breaking his composure!?’

’Do I have to actually kill Meng Tianxuan to get it?’

But just as he was thinking this, the silent system’s electronic voice sounded again, like a blaring alarm, frantically repeating itself in a high-pitched tone.

"Warning!! Host!!!"

"Detecting a Divine Venerable Realm expert unleashing their power!"

"The previous escape plan has been canceled! This system has arranged a new escape plan for you!"

"Plan 1: Have your soul leave your body and bury itself underground. Wait it out for three thousand years until the Divine Venerable Realm expert’s lifespan is exhausted, then possess a corpse to be reborn! The one who survives to the end is the real winner!"

"Plan 2: Once again, offer to become the Divine Venerable Realm expert’s disciple, with a sincere attitude! After inheriting his legacy, you can obtain the Divine Venerable Realm expert’s inheritance!"

"Plan 3: Defect to the Beast God Sect! If you can’t beat ’em, join ’em!"

"Please... Please make a choice as soon as possible, Host! Otherwise..."

The system’s trembling voice suddenly piped up. It sounded terrified, without any of its usual composure.

"This system will face the danger of destruction!"

"???"

The continuous mechanical voice echoed in his ears, making Qin Yang’s head throb. He silently rolled his eyes, feeling completely speechless.

’Seriously...’

’What kind of plans are these!’

’It’s either run away or defect to the enemy. Not a single decent one! This host is already in the Venerable Realm! So in the eyes of this damn system, I’m still just an ant!?’

"Forget it."

Qin Yang leaned back on the sofa, too lazy to bother with the system’s frantic fussing. "Brother Tongzi, I know you’re panicking, but don’t panic just yet..."

He gazed at the sky in the direction of the apartment, picked up his cup of tea, and took a small sip.

"The real show is just getting started..."