Chapter 211 - 210: Liu Wushuang’s Arrival, Triggering the System Prompt Again

Fuhai Villa Complex.

At home.

A crystal chandelier shone brilliantly, and the movie channel was playing on the television.

Qin Yang rested his head on Xiaobai as he slowly closed the "Manager’s Rules and Regulations." He had more or less finished reading all the rulebooks for his position at the hall.

He had a clear understanding of the steward’s schedule and work routine. All that was left was to start the job and see how well he could slack off.

A moment later.

"That should be about enough time."

Qin Yang calculated the time, then set the book down. He glanced at Xiaobai, who was lying beside him, and said leisurely, "You’ve been licking it long enough. Isn’t it time to give the Heart of Law back?"

"Huh?! So soon?"

Xiaobai froze when she heard him. Her two fluffy fox ears perked up as she reluctantly took out her phone to check the time.

In the blink of an eye,

an hour had already passed.

’It’s time to return it to my master!’

’Happy times are always so fleeting.’

"Master, just one more hour, please..."

Xiaobai couldn’t bear to part with it. She stared at the Heart of Law clutched in her hand, then looked at Qin Yang and said with foxy charm, "This servant will do anything..."

As she spoke,

she activated an Illusion Technique, her charming voice whispering in his ear.

"Time’s up."

Qin Yang was unmoved, completely unaffected.

He reached out and snatched the Heart of Law right from the fox’s grasp, taking it back.

"Hmph! Stingy, so stingy!!"

Xiaobai crossed her arms, turned her head to the side with a pout, and took out her phone, expertly opening a short-video app.

...

Qin Yang heard her complaint but couldn’t be bothered to care. He gripped the Heart of Law, and his consciousness sank into the Enlightenment Space to begin comprehending its contents.

The Heart of Law was different from concrete existences like the Thunder Law or the Wood Law. It was the center of myriad fundamental principles and was tremendously helpful for condensing the Power of Laws.

Inside the Enlightenment Space,

Qin Yang wandered among thousands of Dharma Aspects.

Illusory images of various Laws—Thunder, Wood, Space, Fire—intertwined around him.

His comprehension of the Laws progressed at a rapid pace.

Time slowly trickled by.

A short while later,

Qin Yang opened his eyes again.

He glanced at the night sky outside the window and suddenly sensed a peculiar aura rapidly approaching Fuhai District.

’Is this... the Venerable Realm?’

’Could it be someone from the Beast God Sect?’

Qin Yang frowned. With a flip of his hand, he stored the Heart of Law and slowly got up from the sofa.

"What’s wrong, Master?"

The minds of servant and master were connected. Xiaobai sensed a shift in Qin Yang’s mood and whispered, "Is someone here? Do you need this servant to..."

"It’s nothing. You just stay here at home. Don’t go running around."

Qin Yang shook his head slightly. After giving her this instruction, Star Force fluctuated around him, and he instantly vanished from the spot.

...

Meanwhile,

outside the villa,

Liu Wushuang parted the evening winds and slowly descended from above.

He looked down at the layout of the entire villa complex. It was built against a mountain and near water, following the principles of Qimen Bagua.

The Spiritual Qi of heaven and earth gathered there, nourishing all the residents as if they were living in a treasure basin.

"Not bad, truly profound. Did an Array Master from the Li Family set this up?"

Liu Wushuang looked around, clicking his tongue in admiration.

Even in the Imperial Capital, an Earth Level Array like this was rare.

He never expected to see one in an ordinary coastal city. It truly exceeded his expectations.

’Whatever. Finding that junior named Qin is more important right now...’

’Once I find the Arrow God’s whereabouts, I’ll have to find a chance to get a house here myself.’

Liu Wushuang flew downward, his gaze sweeping over the villa complex. Following his memory, he quickly locked onto Qin Yang’s location and prepared to land.

But just then,

BZZZT!

A Profound Mysterious Array hummed to life!

A faint, almost invisible membrane unfurled like a bubble, completely enveloping the villa’s perimeter and sealing it off from the outside world.

It was hazy and ethereal, shimmering under the moonlight like a white gauze canopy.

"Hm?!"

’There’s a small Array here too?’

Liu Wushuang’s face showed his surprise. Caught off guard, he subconsciously released his Star Force, letting it spread out and probe the white gauze.

’It really is an Array!’

Moreover!

This small Array was even more powerful!

It far surpassed the large Array outside; it was exceptionally exquisite.

’So this place has hidden masters?’

Sensing the Star Force emanating from the Array, Liu Wushuang was secretly astonished. Since advancing to the Venerable Realm, he had seen at least a hundred Arrays.

But this was the first time he had ever seen such a powerful House Protection Array. Its strength was only slightly inferior to Jianghai’s City Defense Array.

’Could it be...’

’Is this Qin Yang also a great Array Master!?’

"Hmph, whatever... In the end, it’s just a House Protection Array. I can shatter it with a wave of my hand."

Liu Wushuang snorted coldly. He scanned his surroundings, then raised his hand to release a Law, warping the nearby space to prevent too much collateral damage. Then, he unslung the Profound Bow from his back.

BZZZZ—

The Profound Bow trembled lightly in response.

Liu Wushuang raised an eyebrow, drew the bowstring, and aimed at the center of the Array below.

He held his breath and channeled his Star Force.

The next moment,

brilliant Star Force gathered at the tip of the arrow, its sharp edge glinting in the cold moonlight.

"Go."

Liu Wushuang released his fingers.

TWANG!

The taut bowstring snapped free!

Star Force flowed, instantly converging into a single point aimed straight at the Array’s core below.

BOOM!

A streak of light shot out!

Myriad bolts of lightning crackled along its trajectory.

The Power of Laws was infused into its tip, making it seem like a sun intertwined with lightning, causing the void itself to faintly crack.

One arrow split into two, then three. In an instant, a volley of arrows spread out horizontally and rained down, furiously bombarding the Array and creating visible shockwaves.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!!

A dense barrage of arrows hammered the Array.

BZZZZ—

However, upon impact,

the Array showed no signs of shattering.

The arrows merely struck the surface of the glowing gauze and dissipated, like a clay ox sinking into the sea.

In an instant, the hazy, mist-like Array had easily neutralized the ferocious attack!!

"How is that possible?!"

Liu Wushuang’s pupils shrank as he witnessed this.

’Even though I fired that arrow casually, it had enough power to kill a King Level Star Beast!’

’And yet...’

’The Array just trembled a little?’

’Ridiculous!’

"Good kid. As expected of the Sword God’s disciple, you really have some tricks up your sleeve!"

Liu Wushuang narrowed his eyes, feeling a pang of shame and anger.

...

At the same time he was attacking the Array,

inside the villa,

on the first floor.

BZZZZZZ—

The vibrations of the Array reached his ears.

Qin Yang sat cross-legged, several Star Stones orbiting him, firmly maintaining the stability of the House Protection Array. He, too, was surprised as he sensed the power of that arrow.

’This person’s skill in Archery is quite high.’

’He actually managed to make the House Protection Array tremble!’

One had to know,

this was an Array he had set up personally. A Grandmaster Realm expert could bash their head in and not get through. Even a Venerable Realm expert would have to attack continuously for some time to successfully break it.

’This attack... has to be from the Venerable Realm or above. Looks like I’ll have to deal with this personally.’

Qin Yang rolled up his sleeves, pushed himself up from the floor, and started walking toward the courtyard, preparing to greet the uninvited guest.

But just as he was about to act,

Suddenly!!

DING!

A familiar system notification sound rang out!

"Ding! An Emperor Venerable Realm expert’s aura has been detected. Host, please escape immediately!!"

As the voice faded,

"?"

Qin Yang raised an eyebrow. The step he had just taken halted. He hesitated, sensing Liu Wushuang’s aura outside the villa.

’This guy is actually...’

’Someone who will live for another five hundred years?!’

’To have that kind of potential...’

’He’s about the same as that Blood Path Demon from last time.’

Thinking of this,

Qin Yang fell into deep thought and became hesitant, starting to calculate what opportunities he could exploit.

’Break his defense, capture him alive...’ All the methods that could trigger a system reward flashed through his mind.

A fat sheep had finally appeared.

’I have to fleece him for all he’s worth this time!!’

’I missed out on the Blood Path Demon last time. Now that another one has shown up, how can I let him get away?’

Just as he was lost in thought,

the phone in his pocket suddenly vibrated with a new message.

Qin Yang took out his phone to look.

It was a message from Li Qinghe.

[Master, Elder Li asked me to pass on a message to you.]

[An elder named Liu Wushuang might visit you tonight. He’ll be asking for information about Elder Arrow God. He has no ill intentions.]

’Liu Wushuang? Who’s this guy? Is he the one up there?’

’Coming to find me? They’re asking me about the Arrow God?’

Seeing this, Qin Yang mulled it over for a moment and instantly understood the gist of the situation.

’Liu Wushuang is a stranger in this land... How else could he have found this place?’

’I’m afraid they sold me out...’

But what was done was done. There was no use dwelling on it. Now that he had entered the Venerable Realm himself, he didn’t seem to care as much about such things.

The sky is vast and the sea is wide; these things were just passing clouds.

Besides,

’In this whole scheme, they haven’t even figured out my real identity yet!’

’I should deal with this trouble first.’

After some thought, Qin Yang took out some blood and summoned his second Clone to go outside.

...

Meanwhile,

above the villa,

Liu Wushuang looked down at the large Array below, then glanced at the Profound Bow in his hand. He really couldn’t believe it.

Even though he hadn’t used his full strength just now,

he had still, after all, aimed for the array’s eye and fired a few more probing shots!

And yet,

his attacks were still fated to be devoured.

’To think that a dignified Venerable Realm expert like myself can’t even break a junior’s Array. If word of this got out, wouldn’t my friends in the Venerable Alliance laugh their heads off?!’

"I’d like to see just who the hell is backing you!!"

Liu Wushuang drew his Profound Bow, aiming it straight at the Array.

But just then,

BZZZ—

before he could fire another arrow,

the Array suddenly hummed for a few moments before slowly dissipating, its starlight fading.

Immediately after, the glass door to the courtyard below slid open, and Qin Yang leisurely walked out, wearing a robe and slippers.

He looked up at Liu Wushuang and said with a yawn,

"Junior Qin Yang greets Elder Wushuang."

As his voice fell,

Liu Wushuang frowned, sensing Qin Yang’s aura... It was completely restrained, as if he had merged with heaven and earth, present yet unnoticeable.

’His cultivation is restrained. This is a promising seedling.’

Liu Wushuang was filled with shock and suspicion. In a flash of thought, he had already landed in the center of the courtyard.

"I wonder what business brings you here, Elder?"

Qin Yang tossed a Star Stone in his hand, gazed at the moonlit sky, and said calmly, "It’s already late. Why don’t we go inside and talk?"

"Hmph!"

Liu Wushuang snorted. "Kid, don’t play games with me. There’s no need to go inside. Let’s get straight to the point!"

With that, he stared intently at Qin Yang and asked,

"...You are Qin Yang, the first disciple of the Jianghai Sword God?"