Chapter 155 - 154: A Point-Blank Ultimate? This Girl Is Way Too Reckless

"The Sword God is a fake!?"

In the crowd, the expressions on Elder Li and Lin Mofeng’s faces changed drastically as they both looked up at the black-robed man.

’If this Sword God is a fake...’

’...then this is a serious problem!’

Currently, within Sword Valley,

there were too many innocent people on the ground below. More curious citizens, having heard the news, were flocking over. In no time at all, the entire Sword Valley would be packed.

Moreover,

on the viewing platform,

quite a few high-ranking officials from Jianghai City had also arrived nearby, preparing to liaise with the Sword God. If they fell for the imposter’s trap, the consequences would be unimaginable!

"Xuanxuan, are you sure?"

Elder Li’s expression was grave. The matter was too important for him to be careless. He sent a low-voiced sound transmission, "Do you have any proof?"

"Is it his aura? Is it off?"

Lin Mofeng frowned, speculating from the side.

Cheers and shouts now echoed throughout Sword God Valley. If this fake Sword God were allowed to continue his act, the situation would likely spiral completely out of control!

"Yes, I’m sure."

Li Zixuan gazed at the Sword God in the sky, her eyes sharp and cold. She nodded and said, "There is absolutely no way he is the Jianghai Sword God!"

Then, she lowered her voice. "Teacher, Senior Brother Lin, if you don’t believe me, I’ll go test him. I can make him reveal his true colors!"

As her voice fell,

Elder Li frowned. After a moment’s thought, he slowly untied the sword from his back and handed it to Li Zixuan.

"Take my sword, just in case. Remember, if you can run, run. Don’t be overconfident!"

"Yes, your student understands."

Li Zixuan nodded, took Elder Li’s sword, and left the crowd.

The next moment,

a sharp cry echoed through the mountains.

"Junior Li Zixuan pays her respects to Senior Sword God!"

The crowd erupted in an uproar. Li Zixuan leaped from the crowd and flew into the sky, her white robes fluttering as if she were a Celestial Being descending to the mortal world.

The black-robed man looked at the approaching Li Zixuan, his brow furrowed tightly.

’Li Zixuan...’

’That name sounds familiar...’

After a moment of thought, the black-robed man’s eyes lit up.

’I remember now.’

’She’s that number one Sword Dao genius of Jianghai?!’

...

「Meanwhile, in the library.」

Qin Yang was holding Xiaobai, his eyes closed in concentration. He was in a corner, focusing his attention on comprehending the knowledge within the *True Understanding of Refining*.

He was breaking it down layer by layer, analyzing and internalizing it completely.

This art of Artifact Refining contained all sorts of Artifact Refining Techniques, and it required his full concentration.

Just as he was concentrating,

Suddenly!

"Master, he appeared!"

Li Qinghe came running from Area 2 next door, phone in hand. She stood frantically in front of Qin Yang, excitedly pointing at her phone.

"Tsk, what’s the rush?"

Hearing her, Qin Yang frowned slightly, pulling himself out of his state of comprehension. He said with some displeasure, "What did I teach you before? Calm down."

"No, Master, this is a huge deal!"

Li Qinghe said, pointing excitedly at her phone screen. "Grandmaster is really back! He’s in Sword Valley right now, look!"

"So he appeared, so what..."

Qin Yang sighed. He had already anticipated this scene when he saw the Sword God video this morning, so he wasn’t very surprised.

’It’s the classic ’True and False Monkey King’ scenario.’

’There’s no point in watching how this plays out.’

"But, Master, Zixuan is there too!"

Li Qinghe handed over her phone, which was playing a live stream. "Zixuan just acknowledged Grandmaster!" she said excitedly.

"Acknowledged? That’s your Martial Aunt. Don’t be so disrespectful of seniority."

Qin Yang emphasized, taking Li Qinghe’s phone and glancing at it.

On the live stream,

a fierce wind was tearing through Sword Valley, causing the pine forest to surge like waves. A noisy crowd was gathered on the ground, shielding their eyes from the sun as they all looked up at the sky.

Li Zixuan was holding a Sword Box, hovering high in the air and questioning a black-robed man. The scene was in an uproar.

’That girl really saw through him after all.’

Qin Yang watched the live stream, not surprised by this development.

’The difference in aura, plus all the little mannerisms and details, are extremely difficult to imitate.’

’That black-robed man is, at best, just doing a clumsy imitation based on online videos to fool the ignorant masses.’

’Once he ran into Li Zixuan,’

’she probably saw right through him in a single glance!’

But what concerned Qin Yang more right now was...

’What is that girl planning to do?’

’Expose him on the spot?’

’Or go all-in right in his face?’

"That girl is as reckless as ever!"

Thinking this, Qin Yang returned the phone to Li Qinghe, got up from the stool, and stretched.

"Master, where are you going?"

Seeing this, Li Qinghe quickly followed, sticking close to Qin Yang’s side.

’This is a critical moment.’

’Whether or not I get to meet Grandmaster depends on this.’

’I have to stick to this Qin guy like glue!’

At this thought, Li Qinghe clung to Qin Yang’s arm and said in a soft, wheedling voice, "Master, if you’re going to see Grandmaster, please take me with you?"

"I’m begging you..."

"I’m going to take a piss."

Qin Yang shook off her arm and walked towards the men’s restroom without looking back.

"Master, I have to go too..."

"Get lost!"

...

「Sword God Valley.」

「High in the sky.」

"The Sword Dao genius of Jianghai?"

The black-robed man floated in the sky, his robes rustling in the wind. Looking at Li Zixuan before him, he vaguely began to remember.

’As for these so-called "geniuses," I’ve seen far too many!’

’In my century-long life, the one thing this mortal world has never lacked is geniuses.’

’They either fall from grace or fade into obscurity. Only those who make it to the very end are the true winners!’

Besides, Sword Dao geniuses like her are often born with an obsession to study under the strongest master and improve their skills!

With this thought,

the black-robed man recalled the Sword God’s status in Jianghai City and instantly understood.

’So this broad is here to ask to be my disciple!’

"So that’s how it is!"

Thinking this, the black-robed man laughed heartily and immediately said to Li Zixuan in a light tone, "Well? What business do you have with me?"

As his words fell,

Li Zixuan’s brow furrowed and she bit her lip. That sentence alone was enough to prove this black-robed man was not her Master!

’First,’

’Master would never fail to recognize me.’

’Second, he has never referred to himself in that way!’

Thinking this, Li Zixuan took a step back and tested him with a soft question, "May I ask, Senior Sword God, what brings you here?"

"Why am I here?"

The black-robed man looked down on the citizens below and laughed loudly.

"I have saved Jianghai so many times. Do you think it was for free? It’s time I collected some offerings!

He then sneered, "Jianghai City is in chaos, and all living beings are suffering. As long as everyone makes some offerings, I will naturally take action and deliver you all from this sea of suffering!"

As his voice fell,

his thunderous voice rolled and echoed through Sword Valley, resonating with countless people below.

"Lord Sword God speaks the truth!"

"Save us, please! Money is no object!"

"It’s time we paid him back!"

"..."

Just as everyone was praising the Sword God,

Suddenly!

"All of you, shut up!"

SHIIING!

A longsword was drawn. A cold gleam of light, laced with killing intent, instantly enveloped the entire Sword Valley.

Li Zixuan was burning with fury. The cold edge of her blade was pointed at the black-robed man as the young woman’s voice rang through Sword Valley, echoing in everyone’s ears.

"Swindling and deceiving the masses... You’re acting just like a Cult!"

"Impersonating Senior Sword God... what is your true motive?!"