Chapter 64: The Challenge Begins

The next day, news of the challenge to Jianghai City’s academies spread across the internet.

It continuously dominated the top of the trending charts, becoming the talk of the town.

"Who do you guys think Jianghai Martial Arts Academy will send to fight?"

"Duh. Besides Li Zixuan, their number one genius, who else could they even put forward?"

"That Grassland Sword Saint really lives up to his title. So arrogant, daring to publicly challenge our senior, the Jianghai Sword God."

"Do you think the Sword God will accept the challenge?"

...

Rumors and gossip spread like wildfire online.

The immense anticipation drew everyone’s attention.

People from all over the country flocked to Jianghai City, just to witness this duel for themselves.

Ticket prices for seats at Jianghai Martial Arts Academy soared. Online, they were scalped for astronomical sums, to the point where they were nearly impossible to get, no matter the cost.

But no matter how clamorous the outside world became, it had nothing to do with Li Zixuan.

Under Elder Li’s deliberate arrangements, he had isolated her from all outside disturbances so she could focus on preparing for the match.

That night, Li Zixuan found time to visit the Sword Valley. She listened quietly as Qin Yang taught, absorbing the profound principles of the True Understanding of the Sword Dao. Her comprehension of One Sword Opens the Celestial Gate, in particular, had reached the Transformation Realm.

...

Sword Valley.

The moon was bright and the stars were few, a gentle breeze rustling through.

Li Zixuan sat cross-legged on a flat rock, her eyes shut tight, her chest rising and falling gently.

At this moment, she was entering a deeper state of epiphany. Sword Qi emanated gently from her body, and the nearby Sword Intent resonated with her thoughts. It was a state of Heaven and Man’s Sympathy, as if it were all perfectly natural.

Sword Qi brewed within her meridians, flowing slowly at first, then surging at an astonishing speed.

’This speed is still a bit slow.’

Seeing this, Qin Yang, who was standing to the side, secretly shook his head.

As the Empress, Li Zixuan’s talent was indeed indisputable, surpassing all her peers.

The problem was...

The match was tomorrow.

At her current pace, she would definitely not make it in time.

’Tsk. My dear disciple, it looks like I’ll have to find a way to get you a speed-up subscription.’

Thinking of this, Qin Yang closed his eyes and released his Spiritual Power to sense the distribution of Sword Qi in the Sword Valley.

Scattered and chaotic.

Ever since he had left the Sword Valley that day, this Sword Qi, no longer restrained, had scattered to every corner of the valley and was now difficult to gather.

At this thought, Qin Yang instantly had a bold idea.

One must understand that the path of Cultivation depended on the right time, the right place, and the right people.

Right now, Li Zixuan was exceptionally talented, so the "right people" aspect was not a problem.

And this Sword Valley, crisscrossed with Sword Intent, was the precious "right place."

What she lacked now was just the "right time."

’So if... I gather all this Sword Intent around my disciple, won’t that speed her up?’

At this thought, Qin Yang’s mind cleared, and he suddenly felt a surge of confidence.

’Artificially induced rain is still rain.’

’So what if I gather the qi manually? How is that not a form of heavenly harmony?!’

’It’s totally legit!’

"Master?"

Hearing Qin Yang’s footsteps pacing back and forth, Li Zixuan slowly opened her eyes. Seeing him standing at the entrance to the Sword Valley, she asked softly, "Are you leaving?"

"It’s nothing, my disciple. Just close your eyes and focus on your comprehension. I’m going to give you a little boost."

Qin Yang said slowly, raising a hand and beginning to draw the Sword Qi from the Sword Valley, gathering it around Li Zixuan.

Li Zixuan watched as Qin Yang suddenly raised his hand high, completely baffled.

’What is he doing?’

However, just as she was puzzling over it, she saw Qin Yang look toward the quiet pine forest in the valley and mutter a single word—

"Come."

The moment he spoke.

WHOOSH! The leaves rustled, and the sea of trees instantly began to churn, surging relentlessly like a monstrous wave.

’Is the wind picking up?’

Li Zixuan was slightly taken aback.

But then she immediately sensed that something was wrong.

’No...’

’This isn’t wind.’

’It’s the scattered Sword Qi from the Sword Valley!’

In an instant, the Sword Qi answered Qin Yang’s call, piercing through the leaves of the forest and crossing the cliffs of the gorge to gather around Li Zixuan.

In just a few moments, it had formed a two-meter-radius vortex of Sword Intent.

And at the center of this vortex was Li Zixuan, deep in her state of comprehension.

’How is this possible?!’

Feeling the Sword Intent all around her, Li Zixuan’s pupils contracted in shock. She was utterly dumbfounded.

’He summoned all the Sword Qi in the valley just like that?’

’This is insane!’

’Master’s power is terrifying...’

’But why would he suddenly do this...?’

’Is it because he thinks I’m too stupid?!’

Li Zixuan looked at Qin Yang, frozen in place, and fell into a deep spiral of self-doubt, mixed with a hint of grievance.

"Disciple, what are you spacing out for?"

Qin Yang, seeing her reaction, was confused.

’It’s not easy to gather the Sword Qi in this valley.’

’I can’t maintain this for too long. At most, the Sword Qi will dissipate after half an hour and scatter back to where it was.’

’Gathering it again then would be a real pain.’

Thinking this, Qin Yang stared at Li Zixuan and urged her, "Continue to deepen your comprehension of the Sword Dao that I’ve taught you."

"Oh, I understand."

Li Zixuan pouted and said with a hint of grievance, "I will do my best."

As she finished speaking.

She closed her eyes and carefully sensed the Sword Qi around her.

Vast and boundless.

Nourished by this Sword Intent, Li Zixuan felt as if she were immersed in a warm hot spring. All her confusion about Sword Intent was instantly resolved.

The moment her thoughts cleared, a sharp Sword Intent erupted from her body.

’She finally did it.’

Qin Yang smiled in relief, looking at Li Zixuan with considerable satisfaction.

"Thank you for your help, Master."

Li Zixuan stood up, then quickly knelt and kowtowed to Qin Yang in thanks.

"It’s nothing. Go back and rest well."

Qin Yang said slowly, "Tomorrow is the day of your duel with Huyan Sword. Don’t let me down."

Thinking of this, Qin Yang’s heart filled with anticipation.

’The disciple I’ve taught has now comprehended my Entry Level Sword Intent.’

’When she takes action tomorrow and defeats this so-called Emperor Level Powerhouse, the "Sword Demon," what kind of reward will that damn system spit out?’

...

...

「The next day」

Xia He and Qin Yang specifically took the day off work.

Then, relying on Xia He’s superpower of wealth, the two of them used the credentials he had procured to get into Jianghai Martial Arts Academy.

At this moment.

Jianghai Martial Arts Academy, Martial Arts Plaza.

Colorful flags fluttered over the audience stands. The temporary seating rose like high walls and was packed to capacity, filled everywhere with eager spectators.

There were people from both inside and outside the academy, a motley crowd. The teachers and students of Jianghai Martial Arts Academy were all discussing animatedly.

Elder Li and Li Zixuan stood waiting in the Martial Arts Plaza.

"Xuanxuan, if you really can’t match him, you must not do anything foolish."

Elder Li advised Li Zixuan.

"Yes, Teacher, I understand."

Li Zixuan thought of her progress over the past three days and was brimming with confidence.

"Sigh."

Seeing this, Elder Li just shook his head. He started to speak but then stopped, afraid of crushing Li Zixuan’s confidence.

But at the same time, he was worried she would push herself too hard and end up destroying herself.

...

「A moment later」

A series of gasps came from the audience.

"They’re here!"

"The Grassland Sword Saint is here!"

In the crowd, Qin Yang, who was holding popcorn, immediately looked over toward the sound.

He saw Yu Wenxuan walk slowly into the arena, his hands behind his back.

And following behind him was none other than Huyan Sword.

His muscles were knotted and his upper body was bare. His long hair danced in the wind like a wild horse galloping across the Grassland.

Just then, the system’s notification sound went off...

"DING! Emperor Level presence detected..."

As Qin Yang’s gaze fixed on Huyan Sword, a screen of light appeared.

Name: Huyan Sword

Age: 517

Cultivation: Early Stage of Emperor Venerable Realm

Martial Arts: Demon Soul Slash, Necromancer Swordsmanship...

Lifespan: 4500