Chapter 129: Chaos Gradually Emerges

Da Li Mountain Range.

In the mountain forest.

The roars of Star Beasts echoed endlessly. Their shrill cries reverberated through the pine forest, where the soil was soaked in fresh blood, turning it soft and crimson in a scene of gruesome chaos.

Star Beasts tore at each other, their sharp teeth gutting and disemboweling. A bloodthirsty red glow surged in their eyes as if they were lost in an endless killing intent.

The tumultuous roars traveled through the gaps in the woods, reaching the deepest parts of the mountain range.

...

Mist Valley.

The valley was shrouded in mist.

A black-robed man knelt on one knee, his voice carrying into the mist that filled the valley.

"Your Eminence! This subordinate has finally completed the investigation... There are a total of three Innate Martial Artists in Jianghai City: the Li Family Patriarch, Li Daoming; the dean of the Jianghai Enlightenment Academy; and the Chief Commander in charge of defending against the Star Beasts."

"And besides them? Are there no other experts?"

A faint voice drifted out from within the valley.

"Yes, there’s one more old-timer, Your Eminence!"

The black-robed man said in a low voice, "And he’s above the Grandmaster Realm. He’s the former Commander of the Star Martial Police Bureau. He’s currently hiding on the city walls, acting as Jianghai’s gatekeeper for entry."

"Oh? A gatekeeper for entry?"

Upon hearing this, the voice from the valley chuckled. "So they had another one hidden away? These old bastards love their little surprises."

"Your Eminence is precisely correct."

The black-robed man looked up toward the valley and said, "This former Commander is lying low on the city walls, specifically responsible for detecting anyone who tries to sneak into the city. It has rarely been publicized."

"Hmph, no matter! Let him check all he wants! When the time comes and the Beast Tide sweeps through, we won’t need to sneak in through the gates anyway."

The voice from the valley laughed wantonly. "When that happens, the Star Beasts from the mountains will charge forward triumphantly and break right through the city walls. Why would we care about one little main gate?"

"Your Eminence is wise!"

The black-robed man raised his head, a flash of excitement in his eyes. "There’s one more thing, Your Eminence. A while ago, Li Daoming went to the Imperial Capital. It seems those people have noticed something is amiss and have started taking precautions."

"Precautions?"

"Precisely, Your Eminence,"

the black-robed man continued his report in a low voice. "This subordinate has caught wind that Li Daoming held a meeting at the Bureau overnight, calling on everyone to prepare to defend against the Beast Tide.

"At the same time, the Li Family has begun gathering materials to reinforce the City Defense Array. Everyone is now united with a common purpose, and the firepower reserves at the city walls are far greater than before."

As his voice fell, the valley suddenly grew quiet.

The person within the valley said no more, seemingly lost in deep thought.

The distant roars of Star Beasts could be faintly heard as the black-robed man stood silently, quietly waiting for His Eminence to think.

A moment later, the mountain wind gusted, and the weathered voice spoke again.

"No matter. Since these few are in the way, I will send people to eliminate them first. You just need to send some men to Jianghai City and muddy the waters."

"I want all of Jianghai to descend into chaos first. Then, like a great dam collapsing from a single anthole, everything will become simple."

As the voice faded, the black-robed man nodded.

"Yes. Rest assured, Your Eminence, this subordinate will see to it at once."

...

Inside Jianghai Library.

On this day, Qin Yang was slacking off in a corner, with Xiaobai curled up in his arms serving as a comfortable elbow rest while he casually scrolled through short videos on his phone.

He swiped through a few videos of pretty girls.

Suddenly,

DING!

A red announcement popped up in the notification bar at the top of his screen.

[Attention all citizens: Cult Demons have recently been causing trouble within the city. Everyone is advised to reduce nighttime excursions, travel in groups whenever possible, and please refrain from...]

The notification quickly scrolled past.

’Hm? Cult Demons?’

Qin Yang paused for a second, then quickly tapped the title bar to read the news alert.

It was a city-wide announcement. Below it were several pixelated images, twisted and crimson. Even through the mosaic, he could sense the gruesome state of the scene.

’The Demons are back again?’

’Why at a time like this?’

Qin Yang frowned slightly. He recalled Xia He’s warning—this was a critical time. With a natural disaster and a man-made one colliding, Jianghai City was going to have a hard time coping.

He closed his eyes and enveloped the library with his Spiritual Power, eavesdropping on the conversations of those nearby.

Sure enough, many people were discussing it.

"Did you guys see the news? They’re back! You don’t think it’s the aftermath of that Bloodthirsty Leeches incident, do you?"

"Anyone want the uncensored version? I have the crime scene photos. Someone just sent them to me."

"Send them to me. I heard it was a gruesome death..."

"Sigh, Jianghai is so disaster-prone. I’m getting ready to move."

For a moment, panic spread throughout the library.

...

’This isn’t good.’

Qin Yang scrolled through the news, looking at the pixelated photos, and grew a little worried about Xia He.

The Star Martial Police Bureau was already busy dealing with the Beast Tide and was critically short-staffed. With these crimes committed by the Cult Demons on top of that, they were probably going to be worked to exhaustion.

’It’s too tough for the rank-and-file. That kid is probably going to be pulling all-nighters.’

Qin Yang sighed. After a moment of thought, he sent Xia He a text to meet up. Then he put down his phone, took out a few Star Stones, and began carving Array Patterns.

After all, he and Xia He went way back; he had to help him out a little.

...

In the blink of an eye, it was already afternoon.

As closing time approached,

Xia He, dressed in his police uniform and looking utterly exhausted, walked straight into the library. He found Qin Yang’s usual slacking spot in Area 1.

"What’s up, Old Qin?"

Xia He rubbed his eyes and yawned. "Why’d you suddenly call me over? If it’s nothing important, I’m going home to sleep. I’m exhausted. I just got off an overtime shift."

"Is it about the Cult Demons?"

Qin Yang asked tentatively, holding Xiaobai in his arms.

"Yeah, it’s those bastards! You saw the news, right?"

Hearing this, Xia He’s face flushed with anger, and he exclaimed, "Fuck, I can’t believe them! Of all the times to cause trouble, they just had to pick when we’re completely swamped!"

"Working overtime late into the night every day... Do they expect us to never rest?!"

His loud voice echoed down the library’s corridors.

"Shh!"

Qin Yang raised a finger to his lips. "No shouting in the library," he whispered.

"Sorry, I’m just so pissed."

Xia He lowered his voice and sighed. "I’m telling you, Old Qin, I’ve been assigned to a special task force specifically to hunt down those Demons."

"Be careful."

Hearing this, Qin Yang reached into his pocket, took out a few Star Stones, and handed them to Xia He. "These are some Arrays I made in my spare time. Take them and keep them on you. If you run into danger, just pour your Star Force into the stone to activate the Array."

"You made these yourself, Old Qin?"

Xia He took the Star Stones and looked at the exquisite Array Patterns on them, half-doubting. "You know how to make Arrays?"

"I read a few books while slacking off."

Qin Yang shook his head and bullshitted, "When you read a lot, you pick up a thing or two."

Hearing this, Xia He did a tactical lean-back and took a step away.

"I don’t believe you! That’s what you said last time about Alchemy!!!"