Chapter 49: This Little Beast Slave Is Actually Pretty Good

"It’s actually him?!"

Xiaobai’s eyes widened as she stared at Qin Yang on the bed, her face a mask of disbelief.

A torrential Spiritual Power spread throughout the room, seeping into and filling the space like water. It was as if everything was within Qin Yang’s perception.

’Such strong Spiritual Power!’

’Oh no, he didn’t hear all that trash I was just talking, did he?!’

Xiaobai’s delicate body trembled. Her tail shot up behind her as if electrocuted, and she subconsciously took two steps back.

’This human... is terrifying!’

’His strength is one thing, but to think he has such powerful Spiritual Power, too?!’

’How am I ever going to escape?’

’Sigh, am I, your grand-aunt, going to be trapped in this human’s hands... for the rest of my life...?’

Xiaobai sighed softly. Her beast ears drooped, her mood utterly dejected. She obediently picked up the broom and resumed sweeping.

Soon, the Spiritual Power in the room spread to its absolute limit, and Qin Yang’s Visualization was nearing its end.

At this moment,

his mind was no longer a realm of Chaos. Instead, it was filled with dazzling light, warm and comfortable. A vast, violet-gold sun hung high in the sky, scattering the darkness like the dawn.

’I did it!’

Exhaling slowly, Qin Yang gradually opened his eyes.

The world before him was crystal clear, and he felt refreshed and revitalized. He felt as if he could pull several all-nighters in a row without the slightest hint of drowsiness.

’Not bad. The increase in my Spiritual Power is truly terrifying.’

As his Spiritual Power grew, Qin Yang felt the changes. He also discovered that his control over the Enlightenment Space had become much more adept, and the speed at which he could comprehend Cultivation Techniques had also increased significantly.

’Is it because my Spiritual Power has increased?’

Qin Yang made the connection. He was now brimming with energy.

If it were any other Star Martial Artist, they’d probably be itching to start their Cultivation on the spot.

With the boost from such powerful Spiritual Power,

they could tirelessly absorb Star Force day and night, rapidly raising their Cultivation in a mad grind.

But I’m different.

I don’t have to grind like them.

But my Cultivation will increase all the same!

Isn’t that infuriating?

’If those other Cultivators found out, they’d probably die of anger on the spot, cursing me for wasting a heavenly gift, haha.’

At this thought,

Qin Yang satisfyingly exited his Visualization state and reached out a hand toward Xiaobai.

BOOM!

True Essence erupted. Terrifying Star Force ravaged the room, guiding the airflow into a funnel that instantly pulled Xiaobai over to him.

"Ah! Master, what are you doing!"

Xiaobai, who had been sweeping, was caught in his grasp. She struggled, her small body twisting helplessly, but no matter how she moved, she couldn’t escape Qin Yang’s control.

The next moment,

Qin Yang held the scruff of Xiaobai’s neck with one hand while using the other to wantonly knead her little cheek. It felt delicate and springy to the touch as he played with it freely.

"Did you think I didn’t hear the trash you were talking earlier?"

Qin Yang said with a grin, trying to scare her. "Insulting your master behind his back... you deserve to be punished!"

"Punish me?"

Hearing this, Xiaobai’s delicate body trembled, and she was so scared she started to cry. "SOB SOB SOB... I’m sorry, Master! I was wrong! I’ll never do it again, mmph..."

Before she could finish, Qin Yang increased the pressure in his hand, kneading Xiaobai’s face more roughly and reducing her to muffled whimpers.

’So soft!’

The soft sensation from his hand was incredibly satisfying to Qin Yang.

The apology wasn’t important at all. Xiaobai felt really nice to the touch.

"Mmph!"

Xiaobai, her face being pinched, couldn’t speak, only letting out continuous whimpers. She looked pitiful, but in her heart, she was already cursing up a storm.

’I’m so mad! How dare this human bully me, your grand-aunt!’

’If I don’t get revenge for this, I swear I’m no fox!’

Just as Xiaobai was fuming, she suddenly heard Qin Yang’s voice again.

"Move your right cheek closer. It’s too far away, I can’t pinch it properly."

"Oh..."

"Still not right. A little closer!"

...

Xiaobai obediently and resentfully turned her head, presenting her right cheek to Qin Yang, who promptly began kneading it again.

After an unknown amount of time,

Qin Yang finally lost interest in pinching Xiaobai and let her go. He then pointed toward the kitchen and said,

"I’m hungry. Go make me some food. Three dishes and a soup!"

"If you dare try to fool me, watch out or I’ll give you a good spanking."

"You!"

Ordered around again, Xiaobai glared, her eyes wide with anger. She stared at Qin Yang with shame and indignation, her tail instantly bristling and standing on end.

"What?"

Qin Yang shot her a sidelong glance. "Got a problem?"

His plain words were accompanied by a terrifying Star Force that swept through the room, poised to strike like a gathering storm cloud. It instantly suppressed the defiant aura Xiaobai had just mustered.

She looked at Qin Yang, wagged her tail, and changed her tune, saying in a muffled voice:

"You... you’re this fox’s master! How could three dishes and a soup possibly be enough? I disagree! We must add more dishes!!"

Qin Yang: "..."

’This little fox sure changes her attitude fast.’

"Forget it. Three dishes and a soup is fine. Just make sure you do a good job!"

"Understood, Master."

Xiaobai nodded, quickly wriggled free from Qin Yang’s hand, and ran into the kitchen as if a great weight had been lifted from her shoulders.

Before long, the clatter of pots and pans could be heard, along with the THUMP of chopping on a cutting board. The SIZZLE of oil and an enticing, meaty aroma wafted out, enough to make one’s mouth water.

A few minutes later,

Xiaobai carried out the dishes one by one and placed them in front of Qin Yang.

Steamed Tofu with Shiitake Mushrooms and Minced Pork, Stir-fried Luffa, Curry Shrimp, and a Seaweed and Clam Soup.

Qin Yang picked up his bowl of rice and began to wolf down the food. The tofu melted in his mouth, and the curry shrimp was tender and went down smoothly. He quickly finished everything on the table.

’Xiaobai’s cooking is pretty good. I won’t have to order takeout anymore.’

Qin Yang lay comfortably on the sofa, watching Xiaobai wash the dishes for him. He could already imagine how great his life would be from now on.

The little fox lived by absorbing Essence Qi and didn’t need to eat mortal grains.

She was a bona fide Innate Maid Saint Body!

After Xiaobai finished washing the dishes, Qin Yang had her give him a back massage.

Now that was the life!

Back when he was at the library, Qin Yang had read records about the masters of ancient times and cursed their extravagance. ’A grown man with perfectly good hands and feet, yet he needs a maid to serve him?’

Pah!

He didn’t understand.

Not until today, after getting Xiaobai.

Only then did Qin Yang finally understand.

’So... I was the master all along?!’

...

「The next day.」

Qin Yang woke up bright and early and took his usual route to the library to clock in for work.

This time, however, he attracted the gazes of countless passersby.

And for no other reason,

than the fact that he was carrying a small, snow-white fox in his arms. It was so docile and cute it was heart-stopping, drawing a 100% head-turn rate from people on the street.

’Not bad, this feels really nice.’

Qin Yang stroked the little fox’s head with a comfortable expression on his face and leisurely walked into the library.

Of course, it wasn’t that he wanted to show off. He simply didn’t feel at ease leaving Xiaobai at home alone.

After all,

he was her master now.

If she got into any trouble, he would be implicated, and that would be a huge pain!

’It’s always been me, Qin Yang, who schemes against others. How could I ever let someone else scheme against me?’

Besides,

other people pet dogs and cats. I get to pet a fox.

How awesome is that?

It’s ridiculously cute!

This little fox not only does laundry, cooks, and cleans, but she also warms his bed, gives him back massages, and lets him pet her whenever he wants. It’s a massive win.

Where else could you find a little Beast Slave like this?

Other people couldn’t get one even if they had the connections!