Chapter 149 - 148: This is Called... Rainstorm Pear Blossom Needle

In the blink of an eye, it was already afternoon.

The light outside the window grew cold.

The library remained quiet, with only a sparse, scattered flow of people. Students would occasionally walk past, leaving the vast hall feeling empty.

In a corner, Qin Yang sat on his little ’work-shirking’ stool, enjoying a rare moment of peace as he leisurely studied the *True Understanding of Refining*.

A small, snow-white fox lay in his lap, belly up and soft. Its pink tongue lolled out, its four short legs were stretched taut, and the faint sound of a soft snore could be heard...

"Out like a light."

Qin Yang gently poked Xiaobai’s tongue, nudging it back into her mouth as he pondered the contents of the *True Understanding of Refining*.

Every part of the Fox Race was a treasure. From their fur and flesh to their very organs, everything could be used as a material for Artifact Refining.

’Then... could the fur of a Nine-tailed Fox be used for Artifact Refining?’

With this in mind,

Qin Yang stroked Xiaobai’s fluffy tail and quietly released his Spiritual Power, letting it seep into her body and numb her pain receptors.

He had already studied the complete structure of this fourth tail back when Xiaobai had her breakthrough.

He could pluck a few strands now without waking her.

’Fur from a fox at the Middle Stage of the Innate Realm... that should be sufficient, right?’

Qin Yang grabbed a tuft of Xiaobai’s fur and yanked with sudden force.

PLUCK!

The next moment.

With a RIPPING sound, a large patch on Xiaobai’s tail was instantly plucked bare.

’Raw materials, acquired!’

Qin Yang opened his palm and stared at the tuft of fox fur. He recalled the steps for Artifact Refining, then attempted to infuse Star Force into the white strands.

BUZZ—

Specks of brilliant starlight condensed. Refined Array Patterns surfaced on the white fur, spreading like ink wash as they slowly formed into arcane markings.

Slowly, time ticked by.

The soft, slender white hairs absorbed the Star Force and underwent a transformation. They slowly stiffened, and in an instant, had become a handful of needles, each one gleaming with a chilling light...

’Silver needles?’

’Hmm, I still need to remove the impurities.’

Staring at the silver needles in his palm, Qin Yang summoned a wisp of Beast Fire at his fingertip and held it beneath them. Like a low flame, the concentrated heat enveloped the needles, incinerating the remaining stray fuzz.

A wisp of smoke drifted up, and a faint smell of something burnt filled the air...

A moment later.

Eighty-one silver needles floated in his palm, emitting a bone-chilling glint.

His first attempt at Artifact Refining was a Great Success!

’Not bad, not bad at all.’

Qin Yang weighed the silver needles in his hand. A bone-piercing chill emanated from them, and the temperature of the surrounding air plummeted.

Now that he had the needles, he just needed a device to hold them.

After a moment of thought, Qin Yang took some iron materials from his Star Ring, applied his Beast Fire, and directly smelted an exquisite container.

It was a palm-sized cylinder with a honeycomb pattern of holes at the opening. He stuffed all the needles inside, then added Array Patterns to activate the firing mechanism.

And with that, the work was done!

An exquisite and delicate Hidden Weapon had come into being.

"Tsk, not bad,"

Qin Yang held it up, examining it with a deep sense of satisfaction.

’To achieve this level of quality on his first try at Artifact Refining was pretty amazing.’

’With Xiaobai’s fur as the raw material, the weapon could catch an opponent off guard, easily tearing through the defenses of an Innate realm expert and piercing their body.’

’For me, it’s the perfect little toy.’

’Yeah, I’m satisfied.’

Just then.

THUD, THUD.

Suddenly, Xia He walked in from outside, clad in a crisp police uniform. He made his way to Qin Yang’s corner and peeked his head around a bookshelf.

"You rascal, slacking off again!"

He strode over, his eyes lighting up as he saw the device in Qin Yang’s hand. "What’s that, Old Qin?"

"What are you doing here?"

Qin Yang glanced at his uniform, surprised. "Aren’t you supposed to be on duty right now?"

"Jeez, Old Qin, you think you’re the only one who can slack off? Your buddy here has been the Police Chief’s star hero lately. Everyone’s willing to look the other way for me."

As he spoke, Xia He sidled up and slung an arm over Qin Yang’s shoulder with a grin. "So, what cool new thing are you messing with in the corner this time? Let your bro have a look, huh?"

"This?"

Qin Yang held up the cylindrical tube. His gaze, however, landed on Xia He’s shoulder, where he spotted a small, black-armored insect. He fell silent for a moment.

"Hey, Old Qin, I’m talking to you. What are you staring at me for?"

Xia He waved a hand in front of his face, then pointed at the tube. "What are you tinkering with now?" he asked, full of curiosity.

"Oh, this?"

Qin Yang fiddled with the tube and smiled, making something up on the spot. "It’s a Hidden Weapon I’ve been thinking about... Let’s see... we’ll call it the Rainstorm Pear Blossom Needle. Just whipped it up for fun."

"Just whipped it up?"

Hearing this, Xia He’s expression grew solemn with respect.

He’d figured it out over the past few days.

You had to take everything Qin Yang said and assume the opposite was true!

’The time before last, it was just ’making some Pills in my spare time.’ Last time, it was ’casually Array Carving.’ Now, it’s ’whipping up a Hidden Weapon for fun’... He claims he’s just messing around, but in reality, this guy is always deadly serious!’

At this thought.

"COUGH, COUGH, COUGH..."

Xia He coughed into his fist and said shamelessly, "Old Qin, I, Xia He, have never begged anyone for anything in my life... but could you make one of those for me?"

"You want one?"

"Want one? I’m dying for one, Old Qin!"

Xia He grabbed Qin Yang’s arm. "I won’t be a freeloader, name your price!"

"Talking about money just ruins the mood. If you want it, just take it."

Qin Yang took the Pear Blossom Needle Tube and simply shoved it into Xia He’s arms. "I don’t really have a use for it, and it wasn’t much effort to refine. You can have it."

’After all, the main component of the Rainstorm Pear Blossom Needle came from Xiaobai’s tail. I didn’t spend a dime.’

’It’s not like she has a say in it...’

’Whatever!’

"Holy shit, you’re really giving it to me?!"

Xia He cradled the Iron Tube, overjoyed. "Are you sure you don’t want any money? I’d feel bad taking it for free."

"It’s fine, don’t worry about it."

"Alright, you’re a true friend, Old Qin! I’ll treat you to dinner next time! I gotta get back to my post."

"Go on."

Qin Yang nodded, watching his friend’s retreating back. His gaze lingered on that flying insect...

’Did that guy piss someone off?’

’Getting tailed in broad daylight?’

Meanwhile, back on the table, Xiaobai slowly stirred awake. She yawned, sniffed the air, and her little brows furrowed.

Hmm?

’A burnt smell?’

Xiaobai looked around in a daze. ’Why does that smell a little familiar?’

...

...

After a few more pleasantries, Xia He left the library, hopped on his police motorcycle, and returned to his patrol route.

Not far away.

Two young men in plain clothes were watching him, their eyes glinting with malice.

"So this is the Postnatal Realm piece of trash that got Li Protector and the others killed?"

A man with a buzz cut leaned against a tree, scratching at a deformed-looking insect nest on his arm. "Lao Wu," he said impatiently, "did you get his background?"

"All done. He’s a total nobody. His dad’s got a little money, that’s it..."

his companion in the duck-billed cap replied. "Such an ordinary background, but he can pull out a Fifth Level Array? Something’s definitely not right... We need to find a chance to grab the kid."

"Hmph. You can rest assured on that front,"

the man with the insect nest chuckled. Gazing at Xia He’s retreating figure, he said slowly, "He won’t get far. I’ve already planted a Soul-Seeking Insect on him. No matter where he runs, we’ll be able to find him!"

"Good. Keep a close tail on him."

"The moment we get a chance, we strike. We’ll make him pay for his crimes in blood!"