Chapter 8: 20x Reward Boost! Heaven-defying Comprehension

"Ding! Congratulations, Host, for killing an Emperor Level Star Beast above your realm. You have received a 20x multiplier reward: Heaven-defying Comprehension and twenty years of Cultivation!"

"Hiss!"

Hearing the system’s reward, Qin Yang couldn’t help but suck in a sharp breath.

Twenty years of Cultivation was one thing; after all, he’d received a full Sixty Years of Cultivation last time.

Qin Yang could still handle that.

’But this Heaven-defying Comprehension?’

’Just how heaven-defying is it?’

Qin Yang was already itching to try it out.

The next moment, Qin Yang’s expression changed slightly as a familiar sensation washed over him.

Qin Yang felt a surge of pure energy flood his body.

He quickly calmed his mind and focused, concentrating fully on refining this power.

Driven by this energy, the bottleneck that had stalled his Half-step Innate Cultivation actually began to loosen.

’Am I about to break through...?’

Qin Yang’s eyes snapped open, his brows furrowed.

’I absolutely cannot break through inside the library!’

Breaking through to the Innate Realm would definitely cause a huge commotion.

There were powerful experts stationed on the second and third floors of the library.

The mysterious library Hall Master, who possessed Innate Cultivation, might even be on the third floor.

If Qin Yang chose to break through in the library, he would undoubtedly expose himself.

’An Innate Powerhouse in his teens!’

Yes, that was indeed a peerless genius.

One could even call him a Top Grade prodigy!

The problem was, Qin Yang’s trash-tier aptitude was well-known throughout the library.

’If I suddenly reveal my Innate Realm Cultivation...’

’Alright, it probably wouldn’t matter if I was exposed.’

There were supposedly only three Innate Powerhouses in all of Jianghai City.

If Qin Yang broke through to the Innate Realm, he would become one of the four people at the Peak of Jianghai City.

’Who could possibly do anything to me then?’

Qin Yang simply wanted to lie low.

A peerless genius was certainly glorious, but it would undoubtedly be accompanied by all sorts of trouble.

Qin Yang just wanted to stay in the library, keep his head down, and take it easy.

This was a Fantasy World, after all. The Innate Realm was just one step. Above it were the Grandmaster Realm and even stronger existences.

Until he possessed invincible strength, Qin Yang had no desire to expose himself.

He had no ambition to dominate the world; he just wanted to live a good life.

"Xia He, watch my post for me. I’m going out to buy something."

Forcibly suppressing the surging True Essence in his body, Qin Yang called out to Xia He next to him and then quickly left the library.

"What did you say? Hey? Why are you running so fast?"

Xia He, who had been dozing off, was startled awake, a look of utter confusion on his face.

...

’No one should find me here.’

「A moment later」 Qin Yang appeared in a small grove inside a park.

It was just past noon, so there was basically no one in the park.

"Can’t... hold it in anymore."

Qin Yang’s face was strained, as if he were constipated. He finally stopped suppressing the energy in his body.

The next moment, the stagnant energy surged out like water from a burst dam.

"PHEW!"

A look of relief washed over Qin Yang’s face.

As the True Essence in his Dantian grew richer, Qin Yang pushed forward in one go, charging at the Innate bottleneck.

BANG!

Not long after, a muffled sound echoed from within Qin Yang’s body.

A joyous expression appeared on Qin Yang’s face.

’The Innate Realm!’

’I made it!’

"Hahaha, I’m an Innate Expert now, too!"

Qin Yang couldn’t help but laugh out loud.

Although he had a very zen, take-it-easy personality, something as wonderful as breaking through to the Innate Realm still made him uncontrollably excited.

Feeling the True Essence crazily surging within him, Qin Yang focused his mind. A wisp of True Essence rushed to his fingertip, then burst out of his body.

BANG!

The True Essence struck the trunk of a nearby tree, instantly piercing straight through it and leaving a thumb-sized hole.

’True Essence leaving the body!’

A Star Martial Artist who reached the Innate Realm could release their True Essence externally, allowing for ranged attacks.

This was a technique that Postnatal Realm Martial Artists could not hope to match.

Of course, breaking through to the Innate Realm didn’t just have this one benefit.

Qin Yang suddenly closed his eyes, but the scenery within a hundred-meter radius was clearly reflected in his mind.

’Perception Power!’

After reaching the Innate Realm, one would possess an incredibly terrifying Perception Power.

Any disturbance within a hundred-meter radius could not escape Qin Yang’s perception.

Moreover, when a Martial Artist reached the Innate Realm, their lifespan would also increase significantly.

Innate Realm Martial Artists had extremely rich qi and blood, and could generally live to be around 150 years old.

’Now I can say I have some power to protect myself.’

Qin Yang’s face showed a joy that was hard to conceal.

Even if this world hid many powerhouses, the Innate Realm was definitely not considered weak.

’Right... I almost forgot about the other reward.’

Thinking of the "Heaven-defying Comprehension" the system had mentioned, Qin Yang quickly calmed his mind and let his consciousness sink into his mind.

The next moment, he saw a gray, hazy space in his mind.

As his consciousness entered the space, Qin Yang’s mind instantly felt clear and empty.

When the details of the Qingfeng Swordsmanship flashed through his mind, all sorts of insights immediately flooded his thoughts.

The Qingfeng Swordsmanship, which was originally at the Entry Level, rapidly increased in proficiency as various Sword Dao insights emerged.

A moment later, Qin Yang’s Qingfeng Swordsmanship had already reached the Minor Success Realm.

However, it wasn’t over yet.

Qin Yang immersed his mind in the gray space, continuously absorbing the Sword Dao insights welling up in his head.

Propelled by these Sword Dao insights, the Qingfeng Swordsmanship, which had just reached the Minor Success Realm, advanced to an even higher Realm.

"VMMMM!"

As a wisp of clear wind blew past, the sound of a sword’s hum seemed to ring out around Qin Yang.

Faint Sword Qi emerged from Qin Yang’s body, merging with the wisp of wind, floating unpredictably, yet still traceable.

Suddenly, Qin Yang’s eyes snapped open, a sharp light glinting within them.

’Qingfeng Swordsmanship, Great Success!’

’Heaven-defying Comprehension... it would be more accurate to call it the Enlightenment Space.’

Recalling the sensation from just now, Qin Yang’s face held a look of amazement.

With his consciousness submerged in the Enlightenment Space, it was as if he had entered a state of sudden enlightenment.

As long as he thought of something, countless insights would instantly flood his mind.

The Qingfeng Swordsmanship, which had only been at the Entry Level, had directly broken through to the Great Success Realm in less than half an hour.

Such efficiency was truly heaven-defying!

With this Enlightenment Space, no matter what Martial Arts he cultivated in the future, he would be able to master and perfect them in a short amount of time.

’There are so many Martial Arts in the library. I have so much to learn now.’

Thinking of the Martial Arts in the library, Qin Yang felt eager to try.

With this Enlightenment Space, he could easily become a master of Martial Arts, proficient in all kinds of techniques.

In the past, Qin Yang’s Comprehension was limited, so he didn’t dare to learn too much, knowing he’d be biting off more than he could chew.

But now with the Enlightenment Space, for Qin Yang, the more the merrier.

’Mhm, as they say, one can never have too many skills.’

’The wisdom of ancient China sure is profound!’

"Qin Yang, where the heck did you run off to?"

When Qin Yang returned to Area 1, Xia He couldn’t help but ask.

Qin Yang replied dismissively, "Didn’t I tell you? I went to buy something."

Xia He looked at his empty hands and asked, "Then where’s the stuff you bought?"

"Oh, I forgot."

Xia He: "..."