Chapter 181 - 180: Widespread Panic? What’s There to Fear? We Have Senior Sword God Holding the Fort

「The next morning.」

The sky was just beginning to lighten over the library.

Qin Yang, holding Xiaobai, came to work as usual and walked over to clock in.

In the early morning, there weren’t many people in the library.

In the Area 1 rest area, many colleagues were gathered together, and the sound of whispered discussions could be heard. Qin Yang, clutching a warm meat bun, saw that there was nothing to do and went over to listen in on the commotion.

"Did you buy your plane ticket? When are you planning to leave Jianghai?"

"In two days, probably. I just applied for an extended leave. I feel like quitting my job right now..."

"The Beast Tide is almost here, Jianghai is in chaos, and the official announcement is taking forever!"

"Don’t take the Second Ring Expressway when leaving the city! My aunt said it’s been completely gridlocked since last night!!!"

"..."

’An official announcement?’

Listening to the discussion, Qin Yang returned to his slacking-off spot, bit into his warm bun, then took out his phone to check the trending topics online.

Instantly, a news story popped up on the screen, occupying the top spot on the trending list. It was an eye-catching official announcement:

[Latest Jianghai Announcement: Beast Tide Arrival Alert. All Citizens, Please Prepare!]

[Beast Tide Protection Guide...]

It was number one on Jianghai’s local trending list and number five nationwide.

It had been published at five in the morning.

It was still early. Once more people woke up, its popularity would inevitably surge and hit number one nationwide!

’The government chose to go public... Looks like the Beast Tide is finally here after all.’

Qin Yang’s gaze swept over the trending topics, and he sighed inwardly.

’Since Jianghai’s upper echelons had decided to announce it to the public... it means the situation is out of control. They’re already preparing for the worst!’

’If the people survive, the land survives. If the people perish, the land perishes.’

’If the Beast Tide were to breach the city, at least more citizens could escape. Even if it meant leaving behind an empty city, it’s better than causing innocent casualties.’

’In the end...’

’...it’s always the common folk who suffer.’

’Life isn’t easy in this turbulent world.’

Qin Yang continued to scroll down the trending list.

The screen scrolled.

An official video from the Star Martial Police Bureau appeared. The Commander himself showed up, appealing to all citizens to remain calm and follow the government’s instructions.

Do not leave the city recklessly!

However, the trending topics below it couldn’t be faked.

The trending topic right below the official announcement was, brazenly, [Jianghai Exit Guide!]

[List of Alternative Transportation Methods]

Now, with the storm gathering and disaster imminent, everyone was scattering like startled birds and beasts.

"..."

Qin Yang, chewing on his bun, remained noncommittal. He opened the comments section to silently observe the situation under the announcement.

In the face of disaster, the comments were varied:

[Anyone know a way out through the South Exit? Huge reward!]

[Look at this expressway, the traffic is backed up to my grandma’s house! Can the government hurry it up! [Image]]

[Can’t get out of the city, everything’s blocked, no plane tickets either... Might as well just let me wait to die in my rental apartment.]

[Don’t panic! Jianghai is our home, we can’t just abandon it!]

[A disaster is upon us, but if we all unite, we can definitely get through this together!!]

The online comments were all over the place, a microcosm of humanity. Some fanned the flames and spread negativity, while others called for everyone to protect Jianghai.

As Qin Yang read these comments, he suddenly felt a little moved.

’Adversity reveals a person’s true character. When disaster strikes, right and wrong, good and evil—it all comes to light!’

Just then, another comment caught his eye.

[What’s there to be afraid of? Worst case, we all go down together. Besides, we have the Sword God watching over us. What’s a mere Beast Tide to be scared of?]

The number of replies below it was huge, already over three thousand, and was still climbing!

"Hm?"

His interest piqued, Qin Yang opened the thread and scanned the replies.

[Agreed! The Sword God’s accomplishments are unparalleled! He can definitely handle this disaster!!]

[The Jianghai Sword God will definitely take action this time!]

[I already bought the latest Divine Sword Plus figurine! I hope to receive the Sword God’s blessing!]

[With one slash he splits the heavens, using the stars as his battle lines! Dealing with these monstrous Star Beasts should be a piece of cake for him, right!?]

His gaze fell on this comment.

Qin Yang couldn’t help but chuckle.

’No, wait...’

’You guys are hyping me up way too much.’

’Am I really that amazing?’

The thought moved him. So many people in the city were paying attention to him.

In a way, this was the Power of Incense and Candlelight. It was the strength of a united will, the convergence of countless beliefs into one. Even though they had never met, the people had placed their hopes in him.

’Tsk, if the system ever dropped a reward to collect all this faith and incense, my power would probably reach a whole new level!’

Qin Yang mused.

His gaze drifted, and he suddenly noticed an extremely jarring comment.

"Bullshit! What Jianghai Sword God? He hasn’t even shown up at a time like this. He’s probably already run off to hide somewhere, right? What a coward!"

"???"

Qin Yang froze for a second.

’At a time like this...’

’...someone still has the guts to be a contrarian?’

’Gutsy!’

’Let’s see this guy’s profile page.’

With that thought, Qin Yang glanced at the username.

[Jianghai Sword God’s Number Three Anti-Fan Leader]

"..."

’You damn fox! It’s you again!’

Qin Yang was speechless. He had just made Xiaobai delete her account last time, and in the blink of an eye, she had already registered a third one.

’Some things never change!’

’So you’re determined to pick a fight with me, is that it?!’

At this, Qin Yang’s gaze fixed on Xiaobai, who was nestled in his arms. The little fox was catching up on her sleep, snoring peacefully. Her fluffy tail hung down, curled obediently against her body.

’I think you might have a bit too much fur.’

Qin Yang stroked Xiaobai’s tail, infusing it with Star Force to numb the nerves. Thinking about the hater’s comment from just now, he grew more and more irritated.

He reached out and yanked!

The next moment.

White fur rained down!

Quick as a flash, Qin Yang raised his hand and collected the fox fur into his Star Ring.

An entire fox tail...

...was now completely bald!

"?"

The sleeping Xiaobai frowned. She suddenly felt a draft on her backside but didn’t pay it any mind. She just snuggled deeper into Qin Yang’s embrace.

And went back to her deep sleep...

A moment later.

It was almost time for work to start.

Li Zixuan arrived at the revolving door.

"Senior! Morning!"

She came up to Qin Yang’s side, hugging her laptop and skipping cheerfully. She whispered, "Did you see the news this morning?"

"About the Beast Tide? I saw. The government finally announced it."

"Mhm, good that you saw."

Li Zixuan nodded. "Jianghai’s upper management had a meeting last night. It was a last-minute decision."

Just then,

Xiaobai yawned, lifted her tail, and was about to change position.

Her gaze met the little fox’s. Li Zixuan’s eyes fell and focused on Xiaobai’s tail.

"Hm? Woman, what are you staring at this Fairy for?"

Seeing this, Xiaobai wrinkled her nose and looked up at Li Zixuan. "You’re jealous of this Fairy’s beauty, aren’t you? Hmph, that’s normal!"

With that, she shifted position, stretched out her paws, and prepared to go back to sleep.

"That’s not it..."

Li Zixuan shook her head, pointed at Xiaobai’s rear, and said hesitantly:

"Little fox, why is your tail bald?"