Chapter 262 - 261: Junior Qin Yang, Paying Respects to the Martial Uncles

’I have to destroy the Nether Celestial Pearl!’

At this thought, Qin Yang didn’t hesitate. He sent a mental command to the three inside the Nether Celestial Pearl, ordering them to self-destruct.

Three Clones for a Secret Treasure capable of trapping a Venerable Realm expert!

No matter how you looked at it, the trade was more than worth it!

The instant Qin Yang’s command went through, the Nether Celestial Pearl in Meng Tianxuan’s hand began to glow, and the space around it twisted and warped violently.

BZZZZZ—

A crack, visible to the naked eye, appeared.

It spread rapidly across the surface of the Nether Celestial Pearl, soon covering most of it. The crystalline pearl was now webbed with fissures....

"Hm? What is this!?"

Seeing this, Meng Tianxuan’s eyes widened. He stared at the pearl in his hand in disbelief. The three people inside were directly activating Heaven and Earth’s Longevity.

A dazzling radiance bloomed!

They were actually trying to forcefully detonate the Spiritual Artifact with their own bodies!

In an instant, the Nether Celestial Pearl became incredibly hot. Its temperature soared, and wisps of white smoke began to rise from it.

"You lunatics!"

Meng Tianxuan’s expression was grim, the corner of his mouth twitching uncontrollably. He was completely dumbfounded.

Self-destruction?

The Nether Celestial Pearl contained a three-inch pocket dimension.

Even if they self-destructed, they would at most destroy the Spiritual Artifact.

But these people from the Heaven-Blasting Gang were so insane that they wanted to self-destruct inside the Nether Celestial Pearl?

To self-destruct over a mere Spiritual Artifact...

It was simply unheard of!

"A bunch of madmen!!! Do you really have no regard for your own lives!?"

Meng Tianxuan roared, veins popping on his forehead. He frantically poured Star Force into the Nether Celestial Pearl, trying to stabilize the spreading cracks.

"Even if you self-destruct in there, it’s useless! You can’t hurt me! This Nether Celestial Pearl is its own little world! Are you really going to pay with your lives for this?"

He sent a mental message into the Nether Celestial Pearl, trying to dissuade them.

However, the starlight inside the Nether Celestial Pearl showed no signs of weakening. Instead, it grew even more frenzied and violent!

The starlight within the pocket dimension erupted!

The next moment.

BOOM!!!

The blast echoed for a thousand li, and an immense power swept outwards!

The Nether Celestial Pearl disintegrated into dust, vanishing into the air.

Along with it, the members of the Heaven-Blasting Gang inside were annihilated into nothingness. A searing wind swept across the sky, and a white light flashed across the horizon.

After the tremendous uproar,

the scene fell completely silent.

After the blinding white light faded, everyone snapped out of their shock and looked up at Meng Tianxuan in the sky. They all gasped.

HISS!

Meng Tianxuan looked wretched, but his injuries were even more gruesome!

An entire arm had been blown apart!

It was a mess of flesh and blood, dripping constantly onto the ground below. Half of his face was stripped of skin, revealing the raw muscle underneath. He looked like a walking corpse!

"Dead! They’re all dead! Haha!"

Meng Tianxuan snapped out of his daze. Instead of sorrow, he felt joy and burst out laughing, roaring like a madman, "As expected, I am the final winner!"

’After that round of self-destruction, I finally survived!’

To withstand the self-destruction of a full seven Venerable Realm experts and survive was unprecedented in the history of the Venerable Alliance!

And he, Meng Tianxuan, had done it!

"Brat!"

He turned his head to Qin Yang, laughing triumphantly. "So... so what? Are these the seven elders of your Heaven-Blasting Gang? They’re nothing special!"

"Senior, about that..."

Qin Yang clicked his tongue and shook his head, looking Meng Tianxuan’s miserable state up and down. "You’ve lost an arm and a Secret Treasure. Was it worth it?"

"Hmph! Very much so!"

Meng Tianxuan declared, looking down at his missing right arm. "It’s just an arm. I have plenty of heavenly treasures to restore it once I return! As for that Nether Celestial Pearl..."

As he spoke, his expression turned grim. "Good riddance! Trading one pearl for three of your Heaven-Blasting Gang’s Venerables is well worth it!"

At these words, Qin Yang couldn’t help but chuckle, saying no more.

’If the Venerable Alliance Leader knew... that after all his painstaking efforts, he had only managed to kill three Venerables by trading a Secret Treasure for three of my Clones...’

’Wouldn’t he just die from sheer anger?’

...

...

「Not far away, atop the flat-roofed building.」

"The Alliance Leader actually used the Nether Celestial Pearl..."

Liu Wushuang’s face was filled with sorrow. He sat listlessly on the rooftop, unable to believe the scene before him. Despair spread through him, and his throat tightened.

He knew that many members of the Venerable Alliance had paid with their lives to find that Nether Celestial Pearl for him.

’Back then, to complete the Alliance’s mission...’

’We personally crossed the Nine Netherworld and retrieved it from a place of extreme danger, delivering it into Meng Tianxuan’s hands. At the time, the Alliance Leader swore to us that the Nether Celestial Pearl would only be used against Demons, and never be misused!’

But now...

It was used on the Heaven-Blasting Gang?

What was the logic in that?

’Is the Heaven-Blasting Gang considered to be Demons?’

’Did I just personally help harm the people of the Heaven-Blasting Gang again?’

"I helped a tyrant do evil... I have truly failed the Heaven-Blasting Gang..."

Liu Wushuang clutched his hair, a storm of regret erupting in his heart. Unable to remain on the rooftop any longer, he roared toward the center of the battlefield.

"Alliance Leader! How could you!"

The furious shout rang out.

"Liu Wushuang, why are you back?"

Upon hearing this, Meng Tianxuan froze for a moment. He located the source of the voice and looked at Liu Wushuang, his face showing displeasure. "Didn’t I tell you to leave? What are you doing back here now?"

"Alliance Leader, we’re the ones who found that Nether Celestial Pearl for you!"

Liu Wushuang bellowed, his eyes nearly splitting with rage. He clenched his fists tightly, like an angry lion. "You said then that it would only be used against Demons! Why are you using it on the Heaven-Blasting Gang now?!"

At his words, Meng Tianxuan was speechless. He fell silent for a long moment, his expression growing even colder. Unwilling to argue further, he said indifferently,

"Are you worthy of meddling in my affairs, Liu Wushuang? The Heaven-Blasting Gang will die today!"

...

Li Qinghe watched the sky worriedly, Qin Yang’s figure reflected in his pupils. ’Master, please don’t self-destruct, will you?’

’I remember... Qin Yang doesn’t seem to have used it before?’

’If he self-destructs, he might actually die for real!’

Although he’d been annoyed watching that guy Qin laze around all day—after all, he was eating his family’s rice and just lying around in the library—

if Qin Yang really did self-destruct now, he would feel more than a little sad afterward.

’Master, you have to hold on! Your apprentice is counting on you...’

...

"Junior, now you’re the only one left!"

High in the sky, Meng Tianxuan clutched his right arm, glaring viciously at Qin Yang before him. He no longer bothered to conceal his killing intent.

Using the Secret Treasure just now had consumed an immense amount of energy.

A Nether Celestial Pearl that he had painstakingly taken a thousand years to acquire was wasted just like that.

He was filled with hatred now!

If he couldn’t make Qin Yang pay in blood, he would never be able to swallow this bitter resentment!

"A junior who has just entered the Venerable Realm... for you alone, the entire Heaven-Blasting Gang sacrificed themselves. What an honor!"

Meng Tianxuan scrutinized Qin Yang, his brow furrowed. "Now that all your elders are dead, what tricks do you have left? Go on, use them. I’m waiting!"

He hissed, practically forcing the words out through clenched teeth:

"If you have the guts, why don’t you try self-destructing too?"

As the words fell, Qin Yang on the other side was certain.

’Meng Tianxuan has completely lost his composure.’

’He’s actually trying to bait me into self-destructing!?’

’I’m not falling for that!’

"What?"

Qin Yang crossed his arms and teased with a smile, "Took five rounds of self-destruction and still don’t feel satisfied? Want to keep going?"

"Sharp-tongued brat, don’t even think about disturbing my Dao Heart again!"

Meng Tianxuan snorted. He channeled his Star Force to form a temporary new arm and said coldly, "It’s just the two of us here now. It’s useless no matter how much you struggle."

The disappearance of a full seven Venerables gave Meng Tianxuan a great deal of confidence. Even the Venerable Alliance would have to pay an enormous price to mobilize that many Venerable Realm experts.

In other words, the Heaven-Blasting Gang’s vitality was now severely damaged!

"Indeed, trading me for seven of them is quite an achievement, but..."

At this point, the smile on Meng Tianxuan’s lips grew wider as he looked at Qin Yang.

"Where else can you run?"

At that critical moment, Liu Wushuang shot to his feet, unable to sit still any longer. With the entire Heaven-Blasting Gang fallen in battle, if he didn’t intervene, Qin Yang would surely die!

"Alliance Leader! You mustn’t!"

He shot forward, racing in their direction.

In an instant.

BOOM! BOOM!

Sonic booms shook the air. He moved like a streak of light, about to reach Qin Yang’s side.

"Hmph! I’ll deal with you when I get back!"

Meng Tianxuan snorted coldly at the sight. He raised his left hand, drew out his True Essence, and lightly traced a circle in the air.

Drawing a prison on the ground.

In a flash, a thick Star Curtain rose up, blocking the area above the apartment. It enveloped both Qin Yang and himself, completely barring anyone else from entering.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Liu Wushuang bombarded it frantically from the outside.

Useless!

He then unslung his Profound Bow, firing arrow after arrow.

Also useless...

The curtain of light only trembled slightly, but he was ultimately unable to break through the blockade. He tried to shout and dissuade them, but the barrier muffled his voice, preventing any sound from getting through.

Inside the circle, the wind was nearly still. Not a single sound from the outside could penetrate it.

"Excellent. Now it’s just the two of us!"

Meng Tianxuan turned to face Qin Yang, spreading his one arm wide, the smile on his lips growing even more cruel. "Come on, since your Heaven-Blasting Gang loves to self-destruct so much, then I shall grant you your wish!!"

"Alright. Since you want it so badly... I’ll grant you your wish,"

Qin Yang said calmly.

Hm?

Hearing this, Meng Tianxuan frowned, a sense of unease drumming in his heart.

’Is he really going to self-destruct?’

’The seven Venerable Realm experts before this all sacrificed themselves to protect Qin Yang.’

’And before that, there was Jianghai Sword God and the others... He’s now living with the hopes of nine Venerables on his shoulders.’

’With the lives of so many elders traded for his... does he dare to self-destruct?’

Meng Tianxuan didn’t believe it. He was about to press him further when he suddenly stopped, sensing something. A shiver shot up his spine.

The sudden sense of crisis made his hand tremble, but his intuition told him the dread wasn’t coming from Qin Yang, but from the Celestial Domain behind him...

An aura of immense terror was approaching!

"Junior Qin Yang!"

Just then, Qin Yang respectfully cupped his fists toward that part of the sky, his voice booming like a great bell,

"Pays his respects to the honorable Martial Uncles!"

The deafening words fell like rolling thunder. Meng Tianxuan’s mind buzzed, his face changed drastically, and he slowly, stiffly turned his head to look at that patch of sky.

Resplendent golden light shone. Above the clouds, seven mysterious figures appeared, treading on a sea of clouds as they approached. Flashes of lightning crackled around them, as if a host of gods and buddhas had descended in person, accompanied by magnificent, flourishing music.

An unreachably lofty aura spread out...

Meng Tianxuan’s heart skipped a beat, and his face instantly turned deathly pale!

"These are people from the Heaven-Blasting Gang too?!"