Chapter 111: Sister Zixuan, That Guy’s Obviously Not a Good Person, Stay Away From Him

The library’s outdoor rest area.

Qin Yang touched the food container, its lingering warmth spreading to his hands. He watched Li Zixuan’s retreating figure, completely bewildered...

’I didn’t ask her to bring me food, did I?’

’What is my silly disciple up to this time?’

Qin Yang glanced around and noticed several pairs of eyes fixed on him. He couldn’t help but shake his head in resignation.

’Even if you wanted to put on a show...’

’This isn’t the way to do it!’

’Forget it. She already brought it. I’ll find a chance to set her straight later. For now, let’s see what goodies are inside.’

Qin Yang nudged the edge of the container, pulling it in front of him before slowly opening it.

The next moment.

A fresh, savory aroma wafted out.

Inside the container were snow fungus, bird’s nest, sea cucumber, bamboo fungus, rare wild mushrooms, beef tripe... The delicacies from land and sea filled the container, arranged so meticulously it looked like a work of art.

Looking at the breakfast in the container, Qin Yang was speechless.

’Good lord.’

’This is just obscenely extravagant!’

’This breakfast alone has to be worth more than half a month’s salary.’

Besides...

I just ate most of a container of vegetarian buns...

’And now you pull this?!’

’Are you trying to stuff me to death?’

"Whoa, Old Qin. I’m impressed."

Xia He, who was beside him, leaned over. He sucked in a breath when he saw the food inside, then looked down at his own container.

Plain, simple meat buns.

Comparisons are cruel.

Suddenly, his buns didn’t seem so appetizing anymore.

"I guess I was the one in the wrong here, interrupting your good fortune... I was wondering why you didn’t grab any breakfast this morning..."

Xia He silently closed his container, paused, and said to Qin Yang with a sigh, "...So you were just waiting for the willing fish to take the bait."

As he spoke, he put his hands together in a gesture of apology and slowly stood up. "My bad, brother. I won’t disturb you. I’m outta here."

"Hey, wait a second."

Seeing him about to leave, Qin Yang quickly grabbed his arm and pointed at the lavish meal. "I can’t finish all this by myself. Come on, help me out, share some of it..."

"No, no, no. Spare me, Old Qin."

Xia He raised a hand in refusal, winking and gesturing at his own chest. "You really want your buddy to die, don’t you?"

"If I take one bite of your food now, I’m afraid I’ll have a new sword scar on my body by tomorrow!

You keep it for yourself. I’m heading out."

As soon as he finished speaking, he grabbed his food container, turned on his heel, and made a run for it. He hopped on his police motorcycle and sped away from the scene.

This left Qin Yang alone, staring worriedly at the delicacies in the container. It was packed with food, and he was already mostly full.

’A miscalculation. If I’d known, I would have brought Xiaobai...’

Qin Yang sighed, looking down at the food.

’What else can I do?’

’Guess I’ll just have to eat it all!’

He kept an eye on the time as he lowered his head and began to feast, wolfing it all down.

He chewed and swallowed the springy sea cucumber, scooping up savory broth to wash it down when he was thirsty. He didn’t have time to savor most of the dishes, eating in a way that was a criminal waste of such fine food.

A short while later.

Both food containers were completely empty.

"BURP~"

Qin Yang rubbed his round belly and let out a satisfied burp. Only then did he get up to "go to work," immediately finding a place to slack off and lie down.

’It’s not good to exercise right after eating.’

’I need to digest for a bit before getting up.’

Qin Yang rested his head on his arm, lying on his side on the long bench and admiring the sky and clouds outside the window.

The white clouds drifted by, his stomach was full, and time passed leisurely...

Pure bliss.

.......

「Library, Section 2」

Li Qinghe hid behind a bookshelf, secretly observing through a gap between the books. Seeing Qin Yang’s blissful expression, she ground her teeth in hatred.

’So infuriating! That guy Qin is comfortable, which makes me uncomfortable.’

’Eat till he’s full then sleep, sleep till he’s full then eat. Is this guy a piglet or something?!’

Li Qinghe shoved the book back onto the shelf with a look of contempt, crossing her arms. Then, she thought back to the food container from earlier.

’Why would Zixuan bring him food?’

’Impossible.’

’There must be something fishy going on!’

’I have to go get to the bottom of this.’

Thinking of this, Li Qinghe scanned her surroundings. After confirming no one would pass by anytime soon, her figure flickered, and she quietly slipped into the women’s restroom.

Standing before the mirror, she lightly brushed her cheek, dispelling the concealment Array. Her features blurred.

She changed back to her heroic, dashing true self.

Only then did she walk out of the restroom and head straight for Li Zixuan’s location.

......

「Library, Section 1, rest area」

Li Zixuan was looking down at the essentials of Swordsmanship, her brow furrowed in concentration. Immersed in her reading, she used her finger as a sword, lightly tracing a Sword Technique.

Suddenly, a familiar voice came from behind her.

"Zixuan, what a coincidence."

As the voice fell, Li Zixuan turned around abruptly and saw Li Qinghe walking over. She said with some surprise, "Sister Qinghe? What are you doing here?"

"Oh, nothing much. The weather was nice this morning, so I thought I’d come take a look around the library."

Li Qinghe pulled out a chair and sat down across from Li Zixuan. Her gaze swept over the Sword Dao notes on the desk, and she finally let out a sigh of relief.

’Thank goodness, thank goodness.’

’My dear Zixuan is still working so hard.’

’She hasn’t been corrupted into slacking off by that scoundrel Qin Yang.’

’It’s not too late. This is great.’

After sighing in relief, Li Qinghe patted her chest, a great weight lifted from her heart.

"What’s not too late?"

Li Zixuan tilted her head, staring at Li Qinghe with a look of innocent confusion. "What are you talking about, Sister Qinghe?"

"It’s nothing, I just have a few small questions for you."

"Okay, go ahead."

"It’s not a big deal. It’s just about that guy over there."

Li Qinghe glanced into the distance, her eyes fixing on the sleeping Qin Yang. She cupped a hand to her mouth and whispered, "Didn’t you say you don’t know him well?"

"You mean Qin Yang?"

Li Zixuan followed her gaze. Her cool expression suddenly softened as she said, "We’re not that familiar."

"Not familiar? Then how come I saw you bringing him breakfast this morning?"

Li Qinghe said with a face full of disbelief, "Don’t you lie to your sister."

"Umm..."

Hearing this, Li Zixuan hesitated for a moment, then turned back to look in Qin Yang’s direction. "I’m not lying. We weren’t that familiar before, but we are now."

The moment she said that,

"???"

Li Qinghe was completely baffled.

’What does that mean?’

’So... ’

’Does that mean I was the one who secretly pushed things along and played matchmaker for you two?’

’Sigh, my silly little sister...’

Li Qinghe put a hand to her forehead. Seeing Li Zixuan’s innocent expression, she said worriedly, "I’m afraid you’re the type to get sold by someone and still help them count the money."

"That’s not true!"

Hearing this, Li Zixuan’s face puffed up in a pout. She crossed her arms, instantly displeased.

"Don’t talk nonsense, Sister Qinghe!"

"Alright, alright, I won’t say it, Zixuan."

Seeing Li Zixuan getting pouty, Li Qinghe quickly tried to soothe her. "Your sister is just worried about you."

"Worried about what?"

Li Zixuan asked, confused.

"Listen to your sister’s advice, Zixuan. Come closer."

Li Qinghe leaned over the table, gesturing for Li Zixuan to come closer, and whispered in her ear:

"That guy, Qin, is rotten to the core. You can tell just by looking at him that he’s not a good person!"

As soon as she finished speaking, in the distance, Qin Yang, who had been pretending to be asleep, was speechless when he heard this.

"???"

’How am I not a good person again?’