Chapter 150 - 149: Xiaobai: How to Treat Hair Loss

"I hear the Venerable and his people are about to enter Jianghai City?"

After watching Xia He walk away, the two men lingered under the tree like stubborn ghosts. The man with the insect-nest arm squatted on the ground, engrossed in prodding at an anthill.

"That’s right. The Venerable is coming to Jianghai precisely to force out the Jianghai Sword God."

His companion pulled his cap down low and said coldly, "Once the Sword God is eliminated, no one will be left to stand in our way. All of Jianghai City will become a plaything for the Beast Tide."

"But..."

The man with the insect-nest arm prodded the ants in their hill and hesitated. "The Jianghai Sword God is rumored to be extremely secretive. How are we supposed to find him then? Does the Venerable already know where he’s hiding?"

"Hmph. Of course."

His companion sneered, crossing his arms as he watched the traffic on the road. "His Lordship the Venerable has his own ways of making that rat show his face."

With that, he turned to the man with the insect arm. "Let’s go. We should head back."

"Alright."

The moment he finished speaking.

The towering anthill was crushed underfoot.

The two figures dissolved into black shadows and vanished on the spot.

...

「Meanwhile.」

「In the library.」

’A Venerable?’

Seated on his stool, Qin Yang opened his eyes. Only after sensing their auras had completely vanished did he retract his Spiritual Power, a contemplative look on his face.

He had sent out his Spiritual Power to follow Xia He right after he’d left the library.

And as the saying goes, persistence pays off.

Sure enough, he had barely begun his surveillance when he discovered those two strange men lurking furtively by the roadside, their auras concealed.

’So their ultimate goal is me, huh?’

Qin Yang mulled over the trackers’ words, then broke into a knowing smile.

’The likes of you think you can draw me out?’

’Ridiculous!’

’With such amateur tracking skills, you shouldn’t be out here embarrassing yourselves.’

’I’d like to see what kind of tricks you can pull.’

Qin Yang shook his head and chuckled. Thinking of Xia He, who had just left, he wasn’t too worried about his safety.

After all.

With the tools he had given him...

A single Rainstorm Pear Blossom Needle Tube could pierce the Star Force defenses of an Innate Realm expert. A Star Martial Artist who had just entered the Innate Realm could be turned into a bloody sieve if they weren’t careful.

And that was on top of the Array he had given him earlier.

One could say...

At this point, Xia He could already hold his own. Against anyone below the Grandmaster Realm, he could escape whenever he pleased and roam the world freely.

As for anyone at or above the Grandmaster Realm...

That was a different story.

If the enemy sent a Grandmaster Realm expert, it would be a clear sign they were determined to capture and kill Xia He.

But.

If they were willing to make such a big fuss just to kill a Postnatal Realm practitioner...

...then it would be a top-tier trade.

Even if Xia He couldn’t escape their grasp, it would be enough for him to brag about for a lifetime. Something to put on his tombstone...

"No honor among fighters these days. Can’t be helped,"

Qin Yang said, shaking his head. He pulled out his phone to check the time and realized it was already time to get off work.

’Whatever the future holds, life goes on.’

After work, Qin Yang went to the market with Xiaobai in tow, bought some fruits and vegetables to cook, and then returned home.

Outside the window, the setting sun cast long silhouettes across the old street. A bicycle bell tinkled. Another day in the floating world had passed.

...

Inside the villa, the kitchen was filled with the clatter of pots and pans and the rhythmic sound of meat being chopped on a cutting board. Xiaobai, wearing a blue and white checkered apron, bustled about in front of the stove.

She methodically prepped vegetables and carried plates, preparing the meal.

Qin Yang sat on the sofa, his consciousness immersed in the Enlightenment Space, pondering the uses of the *True Understanding of Refining* and constantly deepening his comprehension.

Then, he took out his phone and began to try refining a new Magical Artifact.

’What century are we in... still using traditional Artifact Refining?’

’An appliance is still an artifact!’

’Anything can be refined!’

BUZZ!

Qin Yang poured Star Force into the phone, focusing his mind and constructing Array Patterns.

A moment later.

The profound Array Patterns flickered into existence and then vanished. The refinement process was complete.

Qin Yang turned on his phone and swiped the screen a couple of times. It was incredibly smooth. The screen’s refresh rate had shot up, and its performance had doubled on the spot!

"Not bad."

Qin Yang was extremely satisfied. He glanced around at the furniture in the living room.

’The chandelier, the TV, the table, the chairs... When I have time, I’ll refine them all. Just strengthen them a *tiny* bit for a complete upgrade.’

’Tsk tsk, the thought alone is so extravagant...’

Just then.

"AHHH!!!!"

A sudden scream came from the kitchen.

"Master, Master! Something’s wrong!"

Xiaobai came running out, her footsteps pattering on the floor, and threw herself right into Qin Yang’s arms. Crying beautifully, she frantically pointed at her own tail.

"What’s wrong?"

Qin Yang said, stroking her head.

"My fur is gone!"

Xiaobai wailed, hugging her tail. "My fur is gone! Look here, Master! It’s bald!"

As she spoke, she turned around, stuck her bottom out, and presented her fox tail to Qin Yang. Sure enough, there was a large bald patch.

Beneath the sparse white fur, her skin was pink and delicate.

Qin Yang: "..."

’Hiss... Looks like I was a bit too rough when I was refining things at the library today. I must have plucked too much...’

"I remember it was there last night!"

Xiaobai sobbed. "I just turned around and noticed a huge chunk was missing, Master!"

"It’s probably just malnutrition."

Qin Yang grabbed the fluffy tail, inspected it, and said nonsensically, "Try eating more meat. It’s no big deal, it’ll grow back quickly."

"Malnutrition?"

Hearing this, Xiaobai eyed Qin Yang suspiciously. She curled her tail toward herself, stroking the soft, glossy fur. "What’s that?"

"It means you’re not eating enough. Your Fox Race subsists on Spiritual Qi and doesn’t eat grains, so shedding is a very normal thing."

Qin Yang leaned back against the sofa, closed his eyes, and continued his practiced bluff. "Stay up less, get more nutrients. Otherwise, if you keep this up, all your fur will fall out sooner or later."

The moment he finished speaking.

"All my fur will fall out?!"

Xiaobai trembled and staggered back in fear, clutching her big, fluffy tail. Her beast ears shot up, trembling.

She touched her tail, then clasped her head in alarm.

’I only just grew this tail, and it’s already shedding?’

’How terrifying!’

’No, I have to cut my losses!’

’I must make more food today!’

At this thought.

Xiaobai zipped back into the kitchen, opened the refrigerator, and pulled out a huge pile of ingredients, placing them on the cutting board.

PING! PANG! CLANG!

Busy sounds echoed from the kitchen—the sizzle of stir-frying and the clanging of a wok, as cooking fumes billowed out.

After a long while of bustling activity.

The dining table in the living room was laden with a sumptuous feast, the aroma of food wafting through the air... Braised Lion’s Head Meatballs, Sweet and Sour Spareribs, a slow-cooked traditional soup, and all sorts of other delicacies were gathered together.

"Master, scooch over."

Xiaobai held a small bowl and her phone, pulled out a chair, and sat down with a charming innocence. "I’m going to start eating real food today, too!"

With that, she looked down, unlocked her phone at the table, and started swiping the screen as if searching for something.

Qin Yang glanced over.

On the screen, he saw:

[Order Polygonum multiflorum and black sesame here...]

[What to do about hair loss?]

Qin Yang: "..."

’This silly fox...’