Chapter 70: In That Case, I’ll Go Meet This Sword Saint

"Yu Wenxuan is issuing a a challenge at Sword Valley?"

Qin Yang was quite surprised to hear this.

"Why so early? Wasn’t his official announcement supposed to be in another five days?"

"Who knows."

Xia He shrugged, swiped open a news app, and handed his phone to Qin Yang. "See for yourself, Old Qin. The whole internet is talking about it. It’s gone totally viral!

The hype immediately blew past the previous academy challenge, shooting straight to number one on the trending list."

"Let me see."

Qin Yang took the phone and scrolled through the trending topics.

Sure enough, the discussions were everywhere online, with related keywords dominating the number one trending spot.

Everyone was talking about it.

"Seriously, is this Grassland Sword Saint a sore loser? Is he here to get revenge for his disciple?"

"I heard he’s going to wait at Sword Valley for five days and welcomes the Jianghai Sword God at any time. How arrogant!"

"So persistent. I swear, the master and disciple are cut from the same cloth—just a pair of stubborn, bull-headed sword maniacs!"

"Do you guys think the Jianghai Sword God will fight? He has the air of a reclusive master; I get the feeling he isn’t interested in this kind of thing..."

"..."

As Qin Yang read through the comments, he noticed everyone’s focus was the same: they were all wondering whether the Sword God would show up.

However.

’It doesn’t matter.’

’After all, you’re calling out the Jianghai Sword God... What does that have to do with me, Qin Yang?’

’Sorry, we’re not close!’

With that thought, Qin Yang yawned and handed the phone back to Xia He.

"Huh? You’re done reading already, Old Qin?"

Xia He was stunned. "Not even planning to make some time to go take a look?"

"It’s pointless. He’s looking for the Jianghai Sword God; it has nothing to do with us common folk."

Qin Yang said leisurely, resting his head on his interlocked hands. "When elephants fight, the grass gets trampled. It’s better for us to stay out of the commotion."

The moment he finished speaking.

Xia He’s eyes widened in shock as he stared at Qin Yang, not expecting to hear such a detached sentiment from him.

"Whoa, Old Qin... you’ve actually got a point there..."

Qin Yang just shrugged, ignored him, and walked over to his station to start his daily work.

’After all,’

’The reward from the "Sword Demon" has already been claimed.’

’This Grassland Sword Saint has no use-value to me whatsoever. It doesn’t matter how much he bellows.’

’If a dog barks at you from the side of the road, are you supposed to go over and bite it back?’

’Besides,’

’According to the system’s logic, this Sword Saint will be dead in five hundred years, eventually becoming a pile of dust. He can’t trigger any more corresponding rewards.’

’Why should I waste my breath getting angry with a dead man?’

At this, Qin Yang’s thoughts cleared.

’If I have that kind of free time, I’d be better off continuing to improve my strength!’

Thinking this, Qin Yang pushed his cart, humming a little tune for slacking off, and weaved between the library shelves, putting away books one by one.

Then, taking advantage of his idle moments, he continued to comprehend ’Close Yet So Far’.

After all, this Body Technique, like the ’Heaven-Slaying Sword Drawing Technique’ before it, was Emperor Level. Its power was astonishing, but it was also incredibly obscure and difficult to understand, far from something that could be comprehended in a single night.

Obtaining a Cultivation Technique was one thing.

Completely mastering it was another thing entirely.

’Fortunately, time is always on my side!’

While slacking off, Qin Yang closed his eyes and sank his consciousness into the Enlightenment Space.

Within the Enlightenment Space, the profound and obscure text was deconstructed, breaking down into more vivid and intuitive concepts, rapidly accelerating his progress.

Deconstruction, reconstruction, comprehension.

Several days passed.

Qin Yang returned to his usual "lying flat" lifestyle: slacking off and comprehending techniques at work, then petting his fox and enjoying all sorts of worldly delicacies after hours. Life was peaceful and good.

「Meanwhile.」

As the "Sword God" remained silent, the public’s enthusiasm gradually waned.

Some unfavorable opinions began to surface in the online discourse.

"How many days has it been?! Are they going to fight or not?"

"The Sword God didn’t chicken out, did he? Even if he doesn’t want to fight, he should at least come out and say something! Leaving Yu Wenxuan hanging for so many days is just ridiculous."

"It’s just a case of getting cold feet. I guess this Jianghai Sword God isn’t all that special after all."

More and more negative comments began to circulate.

When the citizens of Jianghai City saw this, they couldn’t take it anymore. After the incident at Li Shui Lake, the Sword God had done Jianghai City a great service and held a revered status in their hearts. They would not tolerate anyone slandering him.

Thus, they immediately organized and launched a counter-argument online.

"Lord Sword God doesn’t even want to bother with a clown like Yu Wenxuan. Fighting him would be beneath him."

"He’s just some brute from the Grassland who shows up out of nowhere to stir up trouble, and now he’s acting like he’s in the right?"

"..."

For a time, the two sides went back and forth online, engaging in a war of words and arguing endlessly over the matter.

.......

「Sword Valley.」

As dusk settled into night, a cool breeze swept past the cliffs, adding a chill to the air in the valley.

"Master, it’s already the last day..."

Huyan Sword stood on high ground within the valley, looking at Yu Wenxuan beside him as he spoke cautiously.

At that moment, Yu Wenxuan was sitting cross-legged on the ground, gazing up at the sky. His face, ravaged by the elements, looked exceptionally old.

After all.

For five days and nights, he hadn’t taken a single step out of Sword Valley, waiting with anticipation for the battle with the Jianghai Sword God!

But now...

The master and disciple hadn’t seen so much as a shadow of their opponent...

"He will come... He will definitely come..."

Yu Wenxuan murmured in a hoarse voice, then gripped his sword hilt with a withered hand and slowly drew the blade.

In that instant.

A terrifying Star Pressure spread through the surroundings.

RUMBLE!

The ground cracked, and rubble flew into the air.

Assaulted by the Star Pressure, the Sword Intent within Sword Valley faintly began to show signs of dissipating.

"Master, what are you doing!?"

Huyan Sword’s pupils shrank. He hastily took a step back, instantly realizing that Yu Wenxuan had become hysterical, descending into a state of madness!

"Fear not, my disciple."

Yu Wenxuan said coldly, a trace of insanity flashing in his eyes. "Since the Sword God does not wish to come, then I, your master, will destroy this treasured Sword Valley and force him to appear!"

As soon as he spoke.

BOOM!

He suddenly erupted with a terrifying fluctuation of Star Force, striking out at the entire Sword Valley.

The next moment.

Countless lingering wisps of Sword Qi were disturbed, canceling each other out and dissipating into the sky. In an instant, all the Sword Qi in Sword Valley was reduced to nothing.

The huge commotion shocked the reporters who were monitoring the scene. They quickly recorded the event and broadcast it online.

.......

The next day, when Qin Yang arrived at the library for work, he saw Xia He fuming, the very picture of impotent rage.

"This is outrageous! Simply outrageous!"

"What’s wrong?" Qin Yang asked, confused.

"It’s Yu Wenxuan! That old bastard actually destroyed Sword Valley!"

Xia He was burning with rage, furiously tapping at his phone as he argued with people online.

In the hearts of the Jianghai People, Sword Valley was a Martial Arts Sacred Land. For Yu Wenxuan to destroy it with a single sword strike was undoubtedly a slap in the face to every single person from Jianghai!

"Calm down, don’t get so worked up."

Qin Yang put a hand on Xia He’s shoulder, comforting him softly.

He understood, of course. The Grassland Sword Saint had done this to provoke him, to force the Jianghai Sword God to take action.

"Why destroy public property for no good reason?"

Qin Yang sighed.

He had originally just written the man off as a mad dog.

But destroying Sword Valley? That changed things.

’Since it’s come to this, I suppose I’ll go and meet you.’