Chapter 69: Peak of Grandmaster! Xiaobai: What Kind of Freak Is This Guy

"What!?"

Huyan Sword’s eyes widened, a look of shock on his face.

’So this Li Zixuan...’

’...is actually the Sword God’s personal disciple?’

This news was simply explosive. If it got out, it would undoubtedly cause a huge stir and ignite a new wave of online debate!

"Disciple, don’t be hasty. First, think carefully..."

Yu Wenxuan said slowly, "You are my, Yu Wenxuan’s, disciple. Below the Innate Realm, you are absolutely unmatched.

And the strongest expert in Jianghai City is only at the Peak of Innate. How could they possibly produce a genius like Li Zixuan?"

Upon hearing this,

Huyan Sword’s brow furrowed, and he quickly understood Yu Wenxuan’s meaning.

’That’s right.’

’They’re just the Jianghai Martial Arts Academy...’

’Their faculty is weak. The only one they can boast of is Elder Li at the Peak of Innate. To put it bluntly, I could take on all of their Postnatal Realm teachers at once and it wouldn’t even be a problem.’

’How could they possibly have a swordsmanship capable of breaking the Ten Thousand Swords Return to the Sect?’

At this thought,

Huyan Sword stood up from the sofa and breathed a sigh of relief, the doubt in his mind resolved.

A great weight was lifted from his heart.

He was no longer shouldering that gloomy burden.

After that battle on the Martial Arts Arena, he had thought Li Zixuan was exceptionally talented, having comprehended that swordsmanship on her own.

The mere thought of her being such a genius,

had made Huyan Sword’s Sword Heart a little unstable.

But thankfully,

with Yu Wenxuan’s guidance tonight,

he finally came to a realization.

’So Li Zixuan is just like me, guided by a reclusive expert!’

"Good, my disciple. It’s good that you understand."

Seeing Huyan Sword’s mood improve, Yu Wenxuan smiled serenely. "It’s not easy to raise a disciple like Li Zixuan. It makes me all the more curious about this Jianghai Sword God’s power."

As he spoke, he walked to the floor-to-ceiling window and looked down at the pedestrians on the street below.

"Tomorrow, I will personally go to the Sword Valley and await a battle with him!"

"Master...."

Hearing this, Huyan Sword hesitated. "I’ve heard this Jianghai Sword God is incredibly elusive. Will he really agree to fight you?"

"Heh, I believe he will come."

Yu Wenxuan smiled, rolling the Agate Bracelet in his hand as he patiently explained:

"Disciple, when you reach my level, you’ll understand.

Breaking through in the Grandmaster Realm is extremely difficult. It especially depends on a catalyst for inspiration, and battle is a crucial way to find such a catalyst."

"So I am certain that for the sake of his own breakthrough, he will come!"

...

「Meanwhile.」

Qin Yang had returned home and was comfortably leaning on the sofa, scrolling through short videos.

The clatter of pots and pans drifted from the kitchen, filling the air with the comforting signs of a home-cooked meal. Xiaobai was standing on a small stool, peeling and washing vegetables; a slow-cooked soup had already been simmering in a pot for three hours.

’It’s about time.’_

Qin Yang did a quick mental calculation. If he absorbed his reward now, it would finish just in time for dinner.

’Perfect!’

With that thought,

Qin Yang put down his phone and sank his consciousness into the Enlightenment Space.

’I’ll start with you!’_

With a thought, Qin Yang began to absorb the one hundred years of Cultivation rewarded by the system.

Having done this several times before, he was an old hand at it. He guided the hundred years of Cultivation, letting it infuse into his body.

In an instant!

A vast amount of Star Force surged through his entire body, spreading a pleasant warmth.

It was like soaking in a hot spring.

Qin Yang leaned back on the sofa in bliss, arms spread wide, savoring the changes the Star Force brought about within him.

A warm current shot up from his tailbone, slowly spreading out, forcing an involuntary shudder and a sound from him.

"Aaaahhh~~"

A groan of pleasure escaped him.

In the kitchen, Xiaobai’s beast ears twitched and shot up alertly.

"?"

’What in the world is Master caterwauling about?’

Curious, Xiaobai quickly put down the shelled shrimp and glanced in Qin Yang’s direction.

She saw him spread-eagled on the sofa,

...and making a very strange sound...

’So weird!’

Baffled, Xiaobai’s face filled with disgust.

She recalled something she’d once heard from other foxes—that human males go through a peculiar physiological phase.

’Was it called... the ball-switching phase?’

’Master couldn’t be... you know... could he?’

"Ewww~~"

At this thought, the disgust on Xiaobai’s face deepened. She couldn’t bear to watch any longer and turned her head away to continue preparing the shrimp.

But just as she lowered her head,

BOOM!

A torrential wave of Star Force suddenly erupted, sweeping through the room and instantly halting her in her tracks.

It was like the pressure of a collapsing mountain or a crashing tsunami, crushing her to the point she could barely breathe!

"???"

Xiaobai’s tail immediately puffed up in fright. She instinctively picked up a plate and held it in front of herself for protection.

’What terrifying Star Pressure!’

"This... This is the Peak of Grandmaster!"

’Is there an enemy here?!’

A sense of crisis exploded in Xiaobai’s heart. She quickly tried to locate the source of the Star Pressure while simultaneously jogging to Qin Yang’s side, ready to wake him up so they could run for it.

’My life is in your hands, you know!’

’We’re in this together, life or death.’

’Losing your balls is a minor issue; losing your life is the real problem!’

With that, Xiaobai ran quickly toward Qin Yang.

But the closer she got, the more intense the unknown Star Pressure became.

By the time she was within two meters of Qin Yang, the terrifying Star Pressure had even solidified into a tangible barrier, refusing to let her get an inch closer!

"?"

Stunned, Xiaobai stared blankly at Qin Yang on the sofa. With a look of utter shock, she finally realized what was going on.

’It’s happening again!’

’It’s actually happening again!’

’This human... he broke through again!’

’How is this possible?’

Xiaobai squatted on the spot, hugging her tail and having an existential crisis.

’What kind of monster is this guy? I never see him cultivate; he just slacks off at the library all day. How does he break through so easily?’

’And,’

’to the Peak of Grandmaster Realm, no less!’

’This is absurd!’

Xiaobai was completely floored. She pondered for a moment, and in the end, could only tuck her tail between her legs and return trembling to the kitchen to continue preparing the remaining ingredients.

’Can’t be helped.’_

’A fox has to look out for herself...’

Meanwhile,

Qin Yang had finished absorbing the hundred years of Cultivation and moved on to the remaining two rewards.

The Profound Celestial Pill Scripture was focused on Elixir Pills.

It contained profound treatises on all the Pill Formulas under heaven and recorded innumerable pharmacological secrets, putting the power to save or kill a life in a single thought.

Relying on his Heaven-defying Comprehension, Qin Yang assimilated it all in an instant, understanding everything.

’Not bad, not bad. My head just feels really itchy.’_

Qin Yang scratched his head in satisfaction and continued to integrate the last reward, the Emperor Level Body Technique, Close Yet So Far.

A moment later,

he had finished absorbing all the rewards the system had dished out.

’Ahh, much better.’

Qin Yang opened his eyes in satisfaction and saw that Xiaobai had already started serving the food, ready for dinner.

So he used Close Yet So Far, instantly appearing by her side. This startled her so badly she trembled all over and let out a little fox-like yelp.

’Strange?’

Seeing this, Qin Yang was a little puzzled.

’Why does Xiaobai seem...’

’...even more afraid of me tonight?’

...

「The next morning, at the library.」

Qin Yang leisurely clocked in for work. As soon as he walked into the library, he noticed that the number of visitors seemed low today.

Far fewer than usual.

Usually by this time, there would already be people lining up at the entrance, ready to rush in and grab a spot in the lounge.

But now there were only a scattered few.

’Hmm, it’s not a day the library’s closed, is it?’

Just as Qin Yang was wondering about this, he suddenly saw Xia He jogging over from a distance, holding up his phone and pointing at the screen as he shouted excitedly:

"Quick, look at your phone, Old Qin! Something big is happening!"

"Sword Valley! The Sword Saint is at Sword Valley, publicly challenging the Jianghai Sword God!"