Chapter 213 - 212: Liu Wushuang’s Challenge to a Duel

"Don’t be afraid, Master! This Fairy will definitely protect you!"

In the courtyard, Xiaobai stood protectively in front of Qin Yang, her arms spread wide and her big fox tail wagging in excitement.

But then, she had another thought.

Something suddenly felt off!

’After taking that hit from the Venerable, this Fairy’s aura should be in disarray.’

Just as she was thinking this...

"Xiaobai, you should go back inside."

Seeing this, Qin Yang rolled his eyes internally. ’Her acting is pretty mediocre.’

’I’m tempted to just toss her back in the house.’

’But I can’t...’

’Because I have to pretend to be exhausted right now, too.’

’Otherwise, I would’ve given this little loli a sharp flick on the forehead by now!’

Just then,

"You two..."

Across from them, Liu Wushuang raised an eyebrow and spoke, looking at Qin Yang and Xiaobai with a hint of emotion. "The bond between master and servant is quite deep."

In this world, Beast Slaves were a type of Cultivation Method. And while King Level Beast Slaves were rare, he had seen his fair share.

However...

One like Xiaobai, willing to play along with her master’s antics and protect him with her life...

This was truly his first time seeing such a thing.

"Forget it. Let’s end it here for today. I won’t make things difficult for you anymore."

’I just came to ask some questions, not to slaughter them all.’

’A little scare should be enough.’

Thinking this, Liu Wushuang didn’t press the attack. He simply raised his palm and slowly withdrew his Star Force.

The next moment, the Star Pressure surrounding Qin Yang dissipated.

The stagnant wind began to blow once more...

"Both of you, get up."

Liu Wushuang shook his head, looking at Qin Yang with emotion. "I am not one of those Cult Demons. I only meant to test you just now, but I didn’t expect you two to have so much backbone..."

With that, he sighed. "The Jianghai Sword God certainly didn’t misjudge you when he took you as his disciple. With such character, you, kid, are an open and honest person."

"You praise me too much, Elder."

At his words, Qin Yang quickly got to his feet and stretched his arms.

"You are a person of great virtue and prestige. I believed you wouldn’t truly harm me, but at most apply a little pressure."

"Hmph, you sly monkey!"

Hearing this, Liu Wushuang snorted and turned his head away, feeling a genuine flicker of anger. ’Don’t think this is over. The matter between me and that little martial uncle of yours isn’t settled so easily!’

’If I were to really attack Qin Yang and his Beast Slave...’

’...it would be beneath my status. It would be a huge hassle if something were to actually happen to them...’

’If word of this got out and my old friends in the Venerable Alliance heard about it, wouldn’t they laugh at me for a good six months?’

’I couldn’t stand that...’

"Fine. I’m not some vicious brute."

Liu Wushuang stood with his hands behind his back, his gaze falling on Qin Yang. "Since you’re unwilling to speak, I won’t force you. There is just one thing... You, Qin, must relay this to your martial uncle."

"What is it?"

Hearing this, Qin Yang’s heart skipped a beat. "If it’s appropriate, this junior will certainly relay the message to my martial uncle."

’Liu Wushuang is being relentless.’

’It seems he won’t back down until he sees the Arrow God.’

"Hmph. Then go and tell him."

Liu Wushuang said in a low voice, glancing around. "I, Liu Wushuang, challenge him to a battle three days from now, at dawn, at Li Shui Lake in Jianghai."

"A challenge?"

Qin Yang was stunned for a moment upon hearing this.

’I’m not panicked at all. In fact, I’m pleasantly surprised!’

’This is perfect!’

’The system just gave me a prompt, but I didn’t have a chance to bring it up. Now that Liu Wushuang has suggested it himself, it saves me a lot of trouble.’

’A battle in three days.’

’When the time comes, if I can break through Liu Wushuang’s defense, won’t I get the system’s reward?’

’Excellent. You brought this upon yourself...’

Thinking this, Qin Yang nodded, cupped his hands, and said:

"Rest assured, Elder. I will definitely pass this on to my little martial uncle. However... there’s one thing I must say beforehand."

Qin Yang’s tone shifted. "But whether he comes or not will be up to him. You should also be prepared for that."

"Heh, as you wish."

Liu Wushuang unslung his Profound Bow, brushed his fingers across its surface, and said indifferently, "Once you’ve delivered the message, none of this will have anything to do with a junior like you."

"I will be there waiting. All our grievances will be settled. Don’t let me down... If your martial uncle doesn’t show up, don’t blame me for using other means to invite him out."

After leaving these words, Liu Wushuang didn’t linger and left immediately.

’I’ve said what needed to be said. If the Arrow God doesn’t come, it will be a true disappointment...’

...

"Tsk. He’s finally gone."

Qin Yang watched Liu Wushuang’s receding figure and breathed a sigh of relief.

’That whole back-and-forth is finally over.’

’Three days is enough of a buffer to figure out how to break his defense.’

"An archery contest, or a duel of abilities?"

Just as Qin Yang was pondering this, he suddenly felt a tightness around his thigh as something soft hugged it, wrapping around it tightly.

"Master!"

Xiaobai nuzzled against his thigh, looking up at Qin Yang with a grin that revealed her canines, her face a mask of someone begging for praise.

"How was it? How was it? This Fairy’s performance was pretty good, wasn’t it?"

"Your performance?"

Qin Yang: "..."

’Thinking back on Xiaobai’s ’performance’...’

’That’s what you call good?’

’It was barely passable!’

’Still, it did alleviate some of the trouble and stopped Liu Wushuang from applying more pressure.’

"Even if there was no merit, there was hard work."

Thinking this, Qin Yang looked at Xiaobai and said, "I have two sentences for you, Xiaobai."

"What is it?"

Xiaobai’s ears perked up, and she looked at Qin Yang expectantly, her fox tail swaying nonstop. "This servant is all ears."

"Great performance. Next time, don’t."

Qin Yang grabbed the scruff of Xiaobai’s neck and tossed her onto the ground nearby.

"If you’re going to be that bad, you need to practice more!"

......

「At the same time.」

Outside Fuhai District.

Two figures streaked through the air.

Like fleeting beams of light, they sped toward Qin Yang’s villa.

"Teacher, we should be there soon. Please don’t be anxious."

Lin Mofeng, following behind Elder Li, said loudly, "Elder Wushuang knows his limits. He would never harm a mere junior."

Ever since receiving the news that Liu Wushuang had left, Elder Li had been on pins and needles in his office, terrified that Liu Wushuang would attack Qin Yang. In the end, he couldn’t bear it any longer and rushed over with Lin Mofeng...

"Sigh... Mo Feng, how could I not be worried?"

Elder Li sighed, looking up. "Qin Yang is a disciple of the revered Sword God. With Elder Wushuang’s sudden visit, he was caught off guard. If he were to cause any offense, the consequences would be unimaginable."

As he spoke, he lowered his gaze and said in a heavy tone, "The revered Sword God passed away for the sake of Jianghai. As his disciple, we should do everything in our power to protect Qin Yang. Otherwise, how could we ever repay the Elder’s kindness?"

"Teacher, you..."

Hearing this, Lin Mofeng understood Elder Li’s thoughts.

’As an old super-fan of the Sword God, he truly holds Qin Yang in high regard!’

’If Qin Yang hadn’t already become the revered Sword God’s disciple, Elder Li probably would have wanted to take him as his own.’

Thinking this, he said, "Don’t worry, Teacher. The revered Sword God was a great benefactor to Jianghai. No matter how reckless Elder Wushuang might be, he wouldn’t lose his senses."

Lin Mofeng looked down at his arm. "If it really comes to that, I will step forward and stop him, no matter what."

As they were speaking, suddenly, a tyrannical aura surged toward them from the front.

The two of them looked over in unison.

There, in front of them, a figure with a bow on his back was flying rapidly toward them, the space around him vibrating as he approached.

"Huh? What are you two doing here?!"

Liu Wushuang reined in his Star Force and stopped in front of Elder Li and the other, looking rather surprised.

"Elder Wushuang..."

Seeing Liu Wushuang right before him, Elder Li grew anxious and was about to ask his question instinctively, but before he could speak, he felt Lin Mofeng tug on the corner of his sleeve.

"..."

Lin Mofeng shook his head, giving him a meaningful look.

’Although Elder Li is highly respected in Jianghai, to Liu Wushuang, he is ultimately an outsider. If he were to negotiate rashly, it would likely have a negative effect. It’s better for me to be the one to speak.’

"Greetings, Elder Wushuang. Elder Li and I were just..."

Lin Mofeng cupped his hands and tentatively asked in a soft voice, "Was your trip successful?"

"Successful!?"

Liu Wushuang’s brow furrowed, his expression souring immediately. He snorted coldly. "That kid with the surname Qin! He’s as stubborn as they come! I went back and forth with him for ages!"

"And he still refused to reveal the Arrow God’s whereabouts, no matter what!"

As his voice fell, the faces of Elder Li and Lin Mofeng changed drastically!

They glanced at each other, momentarily stunned.

’Qin Yang really didn’t say a single word?!’

’You have to understand, this is a cultivator of the Venerable Realm!’

’And a high-ranking member of the Venerable Alliance, no less!’

’The consequences of angering the Venerable Alliance are unimaginable.’

"Elder Wushuang, Qin Yang is young and insensible. He may have offended you. Please be magnanimous."

Elder Li hurriedly cupped his hands, his aged body trembling. "A great man like you is magnanimous. Please don’t hold it against him. I apologize to you on his behalf."

"Oh?"

Liu Wushuang looked at Elder Li, surprised. "Is he really worth so much of your concern?"

"Elder Wushuang, you must have learned a few things before you came."

Seeing the situation, Lin Mofeng chimed in, "The great Sword God saved our Jianghai City from peril multiple times, turning the tide against impossible odds. And Qin Yang is his disciple..."

"Enough. Rest assured, I’m not going to make a federal case out of it with a junior."

Liu Wushuang waved his hand, looking in the direction of Qin Yang’s villa. "I was just trying to scare him a little. I didn’t expect the kid to be so tough, unafraid of death, willing to guard the Arrow God’s secret to the very end."

"Elder, I’m afraid you’ve misunderstood."

Hearing this, Elder Li tried to explain again, "Qin Yang is only a disciple of the Sword God. It’s understandable that he wouldn’t know..."

"Enough!"

Liu Wushuang snorted, cutting him off. He crossed his arms and scoffed, "Just the Sword God’s disciple? You’re still trying to deceive me even now?"

"That boy, Qin, admitted it himself just now!"

"Admitted?"

Elder Li and Lin Mofeng froze, not quite processing it. "Admitted what?"

"Are you genuinely clueless, or are you just pretending?"

Liu Wushuang narrowed his eyes, staring at Elder Li and Lin Mofeng. He spoke slowly, "This so-called Arrow God is that kid’s martial uncle... They come from the same sect. They’re basically family!"

"What!?"

At these words, a buzzing filled the minds of Lin Mofeng and Elder Li. They paled instantly, the explosive information hitting them so hard it left them completely at a loss.