Chapter 98: Illusion Array! Li Qinghe Prepares to Act

"How did you do it, Old Qin?"

Across the table, Xia He grinned suggestively at Qin Yang. "Playing hard to get... You’ve really got some tricks up your sleeve! The way Li Zixuan was acting, you’ve probably reeled her in completely! Badass!"

"Tsk. I’m not, I didn’t... Don’t talk nonsense."

Qin Yang gave a standard three-part denial, waving his hand dismissively. "She just came to ask me for the location of some books. It’s just a normal part of my job as a guide."

"Pfft~ As if I’d believe you!"

Hearing that, Xia He rolled his eyes, his face full of scorn.

"Once is a coincidence, twice is a pattern... If she comes looking for you again, I don’t even dare to imagine what’ll happen!"

"Alright, enough of this nonsense."

Changing the subject, Qin Yang pulled a Small Jade Bottle from his clothes. "I got something good for you."

As he spoke, he set the Small Jade Bottle upright in the center of the table. In the direct sunlight, its glaze was clear and bright, and the underlying porcelain patterns were faintly visible.

"Oho, feeling flush lately, are we, Old Qin?"

Xia He’s eyes lit up when he saw the Jade Bottle. He picked it up and held it to his ear.

He gave it a shake.

RATTLE.

The sound of something hard clattering inside echoed pleasantly in his ear.

"Where’d you get the bottle?"

Shaking the bottle, Xia He tilted his head to listen, staring at Qin Yang curiously. "So what’s the good stuff inside?"

"A cheap find from a street stall on Antique Street. Cost next to nothing."

Qin Yang smiled. "The bottle isn’t important; it’s what’s inside that counts. These are some Elixir Pills I refined in my spare time. They should be somewhat effective for Postnatal Realm Cultivation. Take them. You can chew on a few to calm your nerves whenever."

"Elixir Pills?"

At that, Xia He gave Qin Yang a suspicious look. "You actually know Alchemy?"

As he spoke, he looked down, pulled out the jade stopper, and carefully raised the mouth of the bottle to his nose for a quick sniff.

The next moment.

A fresh medicinal fragrance assailed his nostrils, rushing straight to the crown of his head.

His midday drowsiness vanished instantly, and he felt completely invigorated.

"Whoa, smells pretty good. Thanks."

Xia He put the stopper back in, tucked the Small Jade Bottle into his uniform pocket, and sighed. "It’s been really busy at the precinct these past few days.

We’re training under the blazing sun every day. I’m dead tired. Sigh...

"I really miss the good old days, slacking off at the library without a care in the world."

"Don’t get stuck in the past. Just focus on your job. I’ll enjoy the simple bliss of slacking off for the both of us."

Qin Yang smiled. "You’d better hurry up and get on with your Cultivation. I don’t want to hear one day that you’ve died at the hands of Cult Demons."

"Pah!"

Xia He lifted his head and huffed. "Your buddy here is blessed with good fortune. You think I’d die that easily?"

As he spoke, he turned to watch a pretty woman in black stockings walk past the entrance. "Heaven has bestowed a great mission upon me... I must preserve my life to help all the girls who need me..."

The words had barely left his mouth.

Qin Yang was speechless.

’A leopard can’t change its spots.’

’This guy is the same as ever, no different from when he was at the library.’

’How did a guy like this even get into the police force?’

’He must have used his money-power!’

"By the way, Old Qin, I heard someone came to take over my old position?"

Xia He scratched his head. "What’s he like? Are you two getting along?"

"He’s alright. You’re his senior; why don’t you go check on him?"

Qin Yang gestured over his shoulder with his thumb toward Area 2. "I even gave him that little stool you left behind.

"You could say that guy is your successor."

"What the hell, Old Qin! You gave away my special gear!"

Hearing this, Xia He shot to his feet and strode toward Area 2. "Since he’s sitting on my stool... I guess I’ll have to pass on some of my experience."

...

Behind the bookshelves in Area 2.

Li Qinghe, who had been spying the whole time, saw him coming and her heart skipped a beat. She hastily shoved the book back into the gap and pretended to be wiping dust off the shelf.

A moment later, Xia He was standing in front of her.

"Tsk, tsk, you look pretty sharp, young man. Not bad!"

Xia He patted Li Qinghe’s shoulder. "Learn what you can from Old Qin, keep up the good work, and you’ll become more and more capable."

"Mm, okay."

Li Qinghe put on a meek expression and nodded, but inwardly she was sneering.

’He’s just a library assistant. This guy is so dramatic...’

’And besides...’

’Learn what from Qin Yang?’

’How to slack off and sleep on the job?’

’Impossible!’

’I’m so outstanding and hardworking. How could I possibly start slacking?’

’Absolutely not!!!’

.............

「Time passed in a flash.」

At noon, Qin Yang and Xia He finished lunch and chatted for a bit before Xia He left early to continue his patrol outside the library.

Qin Yang, meanwhile, leisurely returned to his post while holding Xiaobai. He had a few books tucked under his arm that he’d picked up, ready to be reshelved.

But just then.

Suddenly!

A subtle fluctuation appeared in his Spiritual Domain, like a raindrop hitting the surface of a lake and sending out ripples.

’Huh? What is this...’

’Is someone carving an Array?’

Qin Yang keenly sensed the fluctuation and immediately began to trace it to its source.

The next moment.

A vast wave of Spiritual Power surged from his body, following the trail back to its origin. In an instant, he locked onto Area 2 next door, pinpointing the source.

’It’s coming from Li Qinghe...’

After investigating the type of fluctuation from the Array, Qin Yang roughly guessed the situation and understood what she was planning to do.

’It’s an Illusion Array, used to deceive people’s minds... It seems she’s getting ready to make her move...’

...

...

「Meanwhile, in Area 2.」

Li Qinghe sat on the little slacking-off stool, hidden between the bookshelves. Several jet-black Star Stones were scattered on the ground around her.

A profound Star Force spread out, and the ground around her seemed to twist, becoming dreamlike and ethereal.

’Carving a Magic Array requires absolute concentration.’

With this thought, Li Qinghe picked up one of the Star Stones and, drawing on her memory, released her Spiritual Power.

Her fingers caressed the stone’s surface as profound array lines were engraved upon it, guided by her thoughts.

With every deepened line of the array, the scenery around her blurred and distorted a little more.

It was like being in a dream.

A short while later.

"Hooo..."

Li Qinghe let out a long breath and wiped the sweat from her forehead. Her face was a little pale, and she was visibly exhausted.

Engraving a Magic Array was extremely draining on one’s Spiritual Power. Setting up this one Illusion Array had clearly pushed her to her limits.

’There are still some imperfections in this Array.’

’But at least it’s finally done. All that’s left is to set up the array core.’

Li Qinghe caressed the cold Star Stone, then tossed it into the air, guiding the release of the Star Force within her body.

The next moment.

The Star Stones in the air scattered.

They settled firmly in the eight directions around her, standing guard.

Instantly, the scenery around her became twisted and dreamlike. With just a thought, she could conjure all sorts of bizarre illusions to bewitch people’s minds.

If an ordinary person were to fall into this Illusion Array, they would be instantly lost within it.

Within her own realm, she was invincible inside her Array.

Thinking of this.

The corners of Li Qinghe’s lips curled into a contemptuous smile.

"With this Illusion Array to protect me, a few mere Postnatal Realm Martial Artists won’t even be able to find me!"