Chapter 236 - 235: Surveillance from the Star Martial Police Bureau, Ambush on All Sides?

Qin Yang briefly shared his insights on comprehending the Law, along with a few things to keep in mind.

Only then did Li Zixuan leave the office, content.

Outside the door, Xia He saw Li Zixuan leave.

He watched her elegant figure recede down the long corridor, his expression complicated. He opened his mouth, wanting to say something.

But then he stopped.

In the end, he could only turn to look at Qin Yang.

He gave a thumbs-up!

"Old Qin, you’re a beast! Talk about taking action. I tell you to find a girl the day before yesterday, and today you’re already on the offensive. You really don’t mess around!"

"..."

Qin Yang chuckled, at a loss for words. "What am I ’not messing around’ about now? It’s not what you think."

"Then what is it? Stop making excuses!"

Xia He waggled his eyebrows teasingly. "I just told you to find a girlfriend the other day, and you immediately went for it. What’s there to deny?

"See? I told you that Li girl was a great catch, didn’t I? I never thought you’d take my advice so seriously, Old Qin!"

As he spoke,

Xia He patted Qin Yang’s shoulder, looking quite pleased. "Once you two make it official, it’ll be my turn to come to your wedding banquet."

"Get outta here. Stop with the nonsense. You’re just talking crap again."

Qin Yang cursed with a laugh. "I didn’t call you over for this."

"Huh? You didn’t call me over for this?" Xia He froze, scratching his head in confusion. "I thought you were showing off your conquest."

"That was just a coincidence. Don’t get the wrong idea... This is what I prepared for you—"

Qin Yang took out a Bone Marrow Cleansing Pill and tossed it to Xia He. "I refined this when I had a spare moment. Go find a place to take it. Based on your aptitude..."

At this, Qin Yang paused, looking Xia He’s physique up and down.

"Breaking through to the Innate Realm in the future shouldn’t be a problem. Consider it my wedding gift."

"Holy shit!"

Hearing this, Xia He’s eyes widened in shock. He fumbled to catch the Elixir Pill, his entire body trembling with excitement!

"Seriously, Old Qin?"

An Elixir Pill that could help him break through to the Innate Realm.

The significance of this was immense!

After all,

Innate Realm masters in Jianghai could be counted on one hand. If he actually became an Innate, his future would be boundless.

"Old Qin, isn’t this gift a bit too much?"

"How about you name a price?"

Xia He clutched the Bone Marrow Cleansing Pill, hesitating. "Otherwise, I won’t feel right taking it. I feel bad just taking something so valuable from you for free..."

"No need,"

Qin Yang shook his head with a sigh. "You’re inviting me to your wedding banquet. That’s more than enough. Why sweat the other stuff?"

’Since I transmigrated,

Xia He is the only good friend I have.

Since he’s getting married, it’s only right for me to give a little something for the occasion.’

As his words fell,

"Old Qin, I....."

Xia He clutched the Bone Marrow Cleansing Pill, his heart finally at ease. ’I suddenly get why Li Zixuan has her eyes on Old Qin...

Forget his temperament and otherworldly good looks, and those billion-and-one Divine Techniques... Never mind a young woman like her, even I’m a little smitten!

This guy is such a catch!!’

"You know, Old Qin, we don’t have to be so hung up on gender."

Xia He put away the Bone Marrow Cleansing Pill and teased with a mischievous grin, "What do you think of me? We’ve been hanging out for so long, haven’t you felt even a little...?"

"..."

Qin Yang’s face darkened.

He lifted his foot and kicked him right out of the office.

"GET OUT!!!"

...

...

Time slowly passed.

「Evening.」

「Star Martial Police Bureau.」

Squads of officers patrolled the nearby streets. Armored cars were parked in front of the building, and the lights were on in a top-floor office.

’Surveil Qin Yang?’

The Commander stood before his desk, holding a short paper message. His brow was furrowed as he stared at the message, finding it hard to believe.

Just half an hour ago,

an urgent, classified message had arrived from the Imperial Capital.

It designated Qin Yang a Tier 1 high-risk target, ordering twenty-four-hour surveillance and close monitoring of his entire social network.

There was to be absolutely no room for error!

’But why...?’

The Commander wondered, unable to understand.

After all,

to the outside world, Qin Yang was just an ordinary administrator.

’Why go to such lengths to monitor a single citizen?’

’Is it because of what happened last time?’

The Commander memorized the coded message, word for word, then burned it to ash and sat back in his office chair.

He was hesitant.

’Normally, I would have carried out the order without question. But after the incident with Liu Wushuang’s duel, my faith in the Venerable Alliance has been shaken. I no longer trust them as blindly as I once did.

If I hadn’t been the one to leak that information...

...how would word about Qin Yang ever have gotten out?

Senior Arrow God... would he have fallen into the Cult Demons’ trap and perished?’

’Qin Yang is the Arrow God’s martial nephew,’

’Senior, I have failed you.’

The Commander lit a cigarette, slowly walked to the window, and gazed at the night view in the distance.

The last mistake he’d made had cost him dearly. Now faced with a new choice, he would not tread the same disastrous path.

But the problem was,

an order from the Imperial Capital was difficult to defy. He had to find a suitable candidate for the surveillance mission.

’I’ll have to find a compromise.’

The Commander pulled up the order and thought for a moment.

’If I can’t refuse the order, I’ll just have to send that kid Xia He.’

He then opened his phone’s contact list.

...

...

「Nighttime.」

「Fuhai District.」

Qin Yang sat cross-legged on the balcony, carefully comprehending the Power of Laws.

A profound rhythm flowed with his every breath.

A moment later,

as if sensing something, he suddenly looked up at the sky.

The night sky was brilliant with stars, but nine holes, like unfathomable black holes, devoured and spat out the starlight, their edges collapsing inward.

’Huh, they’ve gotten smaller again?’

Qin Yang gazed at the celestial dome, the cosmos boundless around him. He felt as if he were alone, staring into those dark holes.

’The Power of Stars leaks from these holes.

It nourishes all of creation and governs the flow of every Law. It’s the very foundation of every Star Martial Artist’s existence.

But if these holes were to heal completely...

...wouldn’t the world lose its source of the Power of Stars?

Then...

...could Star Martial Artists even exist anymore?’

....

「Meanwhile.」

The streets were teeming with people.

Xia He walked along the side of the road, staring at the Bone Marrow Cleansing Pill in his hand and wondering where he should go to take it.

But just as he was reveling in his joy,

his phone rang.

’Tsk, can’t a guy even relax after work?’

Xia He pulled out his phone and saw it was the Commander calling. He quickly put it to his ear. "Hello, Fa— *cough cough*, Commander, what can I do for you?"

"Where are you now?"

On the other end of the line, the Commander’s voice was very low.

"Where am I? I’m..."

Xia He looked around, about to answer, but his heart suddenly went cold.

’Is my future father-in-law checking up on me?

Checking up on me before I’ve even married his daughter? Isn’t he being a little too strict?

But wait!

I’m not at the Platinum Han, so what am I panicking for!’

"Don’t worry, Commander. Your subordinate is just over in Longjing District, about to buy a gift for Yaoyao. You know, since it’s almost..."

Xia He babbled on, but before he could finish, the Commander cut him off.

"Enough. I don’t have time for that. There’s a mission I need you for. I’m giving you a heads-up so you can prepare yourself."

The Commander got straight to the point. "The target is high-risk."

"High-risk target?"

Hearing this, Xia He’s expression turned solemn. He immediately adopted a professional attitude. "Understood, Commander! Give me my orders. I guarantee I’ll complete the mission."

As his words fell, a weary sigh seemed to come from the other end of the phone.

"Orders came from on high. I’ve decided you will lead the team to monitor Qin Yang’s every move... He has now been placed on the high-risk list."

The Commander said in a low voice, "You make the arrangements."

As the words fell,

after giving the instructions, without waiting for Xia He’s response, the Commander hung up the phone.

BEEP—

The line went dead.

"???"

Xia He stood there, dumbfounded. The hand holding his phone trembled as he listened to the dial tone. He looked down at the Bone Marrow Cleansing Pill in his other hand.

The corner of his mouth twitched.

The roar of traffic swirled around him.

He was completely dazed...

’I’m supposed to surveil Qin Yang?

What the hell?

The entire Bureau put together wouldn’t be enough to take him on!!’

...

...

「The next morning.」

「Jianghai Library.」

Qin Yang walked through the library’s main entrance, a fried dough stick in his left hand and a cup of soy milk in his right. Xiaobai trotted behind him, her head up as she scanned their surroundings.

Clocking in, just like any other day.

"Morning, Steward."

"Mm!"

People came and went, with employees constantly greeting him. With the dough stick dangling from his mouth, Qin Yang cheerfully greeted everyone back, clearly in a good mood.

Suddenly he felt a tug at his leg.

"Master, do you feel it?"

The little fox, trotting quietly behind Qin Yang, sent a telepathic message. "Something’s off about our surroundings today. It’s like..."

She narrowed her eyes, her gaze flicking to the side as her tone turned cold:

"It seems there are a lot of bugs buzzing around us today. Should I..."

As she spoke,

a faint killing intent emanated from her.

"Mmm..."

Qin Yang took a bite of his fried dough stick, a ghost of a smile on his face. "No rush."

’I sensed their presence the moment I walked in.

Based on the feedback from my Spiritual Power...

...there are quite a few people nearby.

Old people, children, men, and women... using all sorts of Secret Techniques to hide within the crowd. They might seem well-hidden, but for me, there was nowhere for them to hide.’

’Three to the southwest, and two to the east...’

Qin Yang counted them in his head and yawned.

His immense Spiritual Power expanded, enveloping everyone within a radius of several miles around the library.

A clamor of interwoven voices and low discussions filled his mind.

’Oh... and two more have disguised themselves as patrons to get inside?’

Qin Yang chewed on his fried dough stick, unconcerned.

"Master, let your servant take care of them!"

At this, Xiaobai bared her sharp fangs, her fox tail twitching excitedly.

"Once this Fairy shows her claws, I’ll show them..."

"...what a KING-! RANK-! STAR-! BEAST-! truly is!"

"No rush. Let’s play with them for a while."

Qin Yang placated her with a faint smile, maintaining his unhurried pace as he walked toward his office.

’If these watchers were just members of the Beast God Sect, that would be one thing.

I could easily wipe them out without leaving a single trace.

But the problem is...

...among the people watching me, there are a few familiar faces I recognize.

They’re the Star Police officers who work with Xia He.

Why is the Star Martial Police Bureau monitoring me?’

Just then.

DING!

A message came through on his phone.

Qin Yang took out his phone to look.

It was a message from Xia He.

[Old Qin, you bastard, what did you do now!? I got orders to surveil you.]

[You’re surrounded by people from my Bureau right now!]