Chapter 60: Middle Stage of Grandmaster! Soul Devouring Technique! Spiritual Power Surge

"Ding! Detected that the host has slain an Emperor Level Star Beast. Reward: 50x multiplier!"

"Congratulations to the host for obtaining fifty years of Cultivation!"

"Congratulations to the host for obtaining the Soul Secret Technique, Soul Devouring Technique!"

A series of system prompts rang out, and Qin Yang felt a surge of elation.

’Woohoo! We’re taking off!’

Qin Yang reviewed his rewards with satisfaction, the excitement bubbling up from the crown of his head.

’How many days has it been since I last reached the Early Stage of Grandmaster?’

’Less than a week, I think?’

And now, before I could even get comfortable, I get another fifty years of Cultivation.

It was the equivalent of a little cow riding a motorcycle—

Freaking awesome!

And besides that,

what interested Qin Yang even more was this Soul Secret Technique called the Soul Devouring Technique.

After all, Spiritual Power Techniques were already rare. There were only a few even in the Jianghai City library, which showed just how precious this type of Divine Skill was!

’Not bad, not bad at all. This feels good.’

Qin Yang stood under the eaves, taking stock of his gains with great satisfaction.

Then, he looked toward the spot where the Soul-devouring Insect had died.

There, atop the blinking traffic light, a pale, transparent bead floated quietly. Rain passed right through it, and a dense aura of Soul Power emanated from within.

This was the Soul-devouring Insect’s Soul Crystal.

’All that hard work, and I’m the one who reaps the rewards.’

Qin Yang looked at the crystal and didn’t stand on ceremony. Silently thanking mother nature for the gift, he reached out and released his Star Force.

The next moment, the Soul Crystal on the traffic light was pulled toward him, crossing the curtain of rain and landing swiftly in his hand.

It was a small, perfectly round bead.

Transparent and spiritually lustrous, one could faintly hear strange, spiritual whispers coming from it.

Qin Yang weighed it between two fingers, a feeling of a bountiful harvest welling up inside him, and tucked it away.

’Now that the Soul-devouring Insect has been eliminated, similar tragedies shouldn’t happen again in the future.’

Thinking of this,

Qin Yang released a bit of his Spiritual Power to sense the situation at the intersection.

The heavy rain fell silently.

A team from the Star Martial Police Bureau stood in the downpour, armed and ready, spread out around the road and conducting a meticulous, sweeping search.

What they didn’t know, however,

was that just seconds before,

a perilous hunt in the rain had taken place right above their heads.

The Alien Insect responsible for the chaos had already been obliterated in an instant.

Qin Yang covered the entire intersection with his Spiritual Power, and only after confirming no trace of the Soul-devouring Insect’s aura remained did he depart quietly.

With that,

the incident at the intersection was officially over.

The Star Martial Police Bureau announced to the public that it was an accident caused by slippery roads in the rain, aiming to reduce public panic.

But ultimately, they couldn’t stop the rumors from spreading.

In the months that followed, these stories spread online. Truth and fiction mingled, and with enough people talking, the tale slowly evolved into one of Jianghai City’s urban legends about the haunted intersection...

.............

In the hallway, Qin Yang carried a freshly bought roasted chicken, ready to celebrate. He took out his key and opened the door.

The rich aroma of lamb soup washed over him.

"Master, you’re finally back!"

Xiaobai put down the bowl of lamb offal soup she was holding and skipped to the door to greet him, her three big, fluffy tails wagging behind her.

"Nice. Smells delicious."

Qin Yang sniffed the air, his appetite piqued. He reached out and pinched Xiaobai’s pretty cheek. Her skin was so delicate it seemed it would break from a mere touch, and it felt fantastic.

’This little chef of mine is getting more capable by the day.’

’When I get tired of my library job, I’ll open a small restaurant with her. We can have a signature private dish every day...’

’She’ll be in charge of the cooking, and I’ll be in charge of the eating!’

’Perfectly reasonable!’

"Go make a platter with this roasted chicken. I’m having an extra course tonight."

Qin Yang handed the roasted chicken to Xiaobai, then went to the sofa, preparing to absorb the fifty years of Cultivation on the spot.

He had absorbed more and more Cultivation recently and had become quite proficient at it.

He just sat on the sofa, and with a gentle shift of his thoughts,

the fifty years of accumulated power instantly fused and coursed through his body.

Qin Yang’s mind was as calm as still water, but the aura emanating from his body surged like a thunderous torrent, exploding with a powerful presence that filled the entire room.

「In the kitchen.」

Xiaobai was cutting up the chicken with a kitchen knife when she suddenly sensed the disturbance in the air. She subconsciously looked in Qin Yang’s direction, a question mark slowly appearing above her head.

?

’He got stronger again?’

’It’s only been a few days, and he’s already broken through again?’

’Could he be any more ridiculous!’

Xiaobai’s beast ears drooped. Her face turned ashen as she muttered, "It’s over, it’s over... It looks like this Fairy won’t be able to escape in this lifetime..."

...

「A moment later.」

Qin Yang finished absorbing the Cultivation and retracted his aura. He then began to cultivate the Soul Devouring Technique.

Those who mastered this technique to the state of Great Success could feed on the souls of all living things, devouring them at will and freely browsing the memories of those they consumed!

As a Divine Technique related to Spiritual Power, the Soul Devouring Technique specialized in consuming all kinds of Spiritual Power. It was also immune to any negative backlash, a true Taotie of souls.

’Perfect for absorbing the Soul Crystal.’

Qin Yang closed his eyes and covered the surface of the crystal with his Spiritual Power.

Wisps of his Spiritual Power seeped into it.

He continuously drew out the soul essence, fusing it into his sea of consciousness. His original Divine Sense expanded explosively, like a flash flood turning a stream into a raging river rushing toward the sea!

"Master, what’s that good thing you have on you?"

Just then, Xiaobai put down the vegetables she was holding, wrinkled her delicate nose, and cozied up to Qin Yang affectionately. "Why do I smell Soul Power? I don’t remember you smelling like this before you left!"

"You mean this?"

Qin Yang paused for a moment, then summoned the Soul Crystal into his upturned palm.

In that instant!

The moment the crystal appeared, a lush wave of Soul Power was released, raging through the room like a fierce wind.

Seeing this,

Xiaobai’s eyes widened. She pointed at Qin Yang in shock and stammered, "Th-th... where did you get this thing?!"

The Soul Power erupting from the crystal was so incredibly dense that it instantly shattered her understanding of the world.

Even in all her long years of life, she had never encountered something with such a terrifying amount of stored energy.

"Where did I get it?"

Qin Yang looked at Xiaobai and teased, "Found it on the road."

"..."

Xiaobai was speechless, but feeling the Soul Power brewing within the crystal, she couldn’t help but crave it.

’If I absorb this Spiritual Qi, I might be able to reach the Peak of Innate and touch the threshold of the Grandmaster Realm.’

Thinking of this,

Xiaobai looked up at Qin Yang and pressed her delicate body against his side. In a coquettish voice, she pleaded, "Master, could you give this to me? I want it too..."

As her voice faded,

Qin Yang remained unmoved. He just gave her a huge eye-roll.

’I don’t even have enough of this good stuff for myself...’

’How could I possibly give it to someone else?’

"Xiaobai, in your dreams!"

As he spoke, Qin Yang increased the absorption speed and, right in front of Xiaobai, gulped down the last of the Soul Power in one go.

POOF!

Having lost its stored soul essence, the crystal immediately turned to dust and dissipated into the air.

"You!"

Xiaobai’s eyes instantly reddened. She felt inexplicably wronged, and her eyes misted over.

’She might not be human, but Qin Yang was a real jerk!’

"Look at you, getting worked up again."

Qin Yang pointed at Xiaobai and chuckled. "I’ll let you use an Illusion Technique on me once to vent."

"Fine, fine, fine! You said it!" Xiaobai’s eyes were red. Angry and embarrassed, she bit her lip and unleashed her Illusion Technique.

「The next moment.」

A legion of demons danced wildly, a sinister wind howled, and ghouls and goblins roamed the room as if it were a parade of a hundred ghosts.

However, Qin Yang remained unmoved by the illusion and simply smiled.

He looked at it with his newly condensed Spiritual Power.

In an instant, all the illusions were extinguished.

He had seen through the Fox Race’s strongest Illusion Technique with a single glance!