Chapter 78: Above Grandmaster is Venerable

"Ding! Host has been detected killing the Sword Demon with a single sword strike! Reward: 50x multiplier!"

"Congratulations, Host, for obtaining fifty years of Cultivation!

"Congratulations, Host, for obtaining the reward: True Understanding of Array Dao!"

The system’s notifications chimed one after another.

Qin Yang stood in the center of the room, holding a crudely made piece of scrap iron in his hand.

Thick blood dripped from its edge, pattering onto the floor.

Huyan Sword’s body was slumped against the door. A line of blood ran across half his face, and his eyes were wide with death. His expression was still one of shock, as if he hadn’t even processed what happened before he died...

Death had come so suddenly!

"He’s finally dead!"

Seeing this, Qin Yang let out a sigh of relief.

Another terrifying threat, eliminated in an instant.

The deceased was in a stable condition!

Satisfying!

Qin Yang ignored the system’s noisy prompts and released his Spiritual Power, cautiously inspecting Huyan Sword’s physical condition.

The next moment.

His fluid Spiritual Power spread out, seeping through Huyan Sword’s entire body, but detected not the slightest sign of life.

Coupled with the system’s earlier confirmation.

The man was well and truly dead.

"Good, good. Revenge is a dish best served immediately. Now I feel great!"

Qin Yang’s face was filled with immense satisfaction.

Just then, a peculiar fluctuation of Star Force emanated from Huyan Sword’s right hand, appearing within Qin Yang’s Spiritual Domain.

"Hm? What’s this?"

’Is this bonus loot?’

With this thought, Qin Yang quickly traced the source with his Spiritual Power.

The anomaly in the Star Force fluctuation originated from two black rings on Huyan Sword’s right hand.

They were of an ancient style, carved with encircling Star Maps. A mysterious Star Force faintly emanated from them, making them look exceptionally valuable.

"Holy crap, Star Rings!!"

Qin Yang was pleasantly surprised.

This was good stuff!

Star Rings were Storage Rings forged from Star Stones. A single one was extremely expensive, something a poor bastard like him certainly couldn’t afford.

’A Sword Saint is so famous, he must have been loaded, right?’

Qin Yang glanced at the gilded funerary urn on the floor and tutted in amazement. ’This Grassland Sword Saint really was damn extravagant.’

’Even the urn for his ashes had to be gilded.’

’So how luxurious would the things he left in his Star Rings be?’

’And I’m short on cash for medicinal herbs right now!’

"Thank you for nature’s gift!"

Without any hesitation, Qin Yang took the two Star Rings from Huyan Sword’s hand and pocketed them.

’The spoils of my labor!’

’Perfectly reasonable!’

He then used his Spiritual Power to check the surroundings. After using Star Force to erase all traces of his presence in the room, he activated Close Yet So Far and brought the bodies of the master and disciple to a lake on the outskirts of the city.

It was now the middle of the night.

The moon was hidden on this windy night. The lake’s surface shimmered, but the outskirts were deserted, with no pedestrians in sight.

"Killing is easy; disposing of the body is the hard part."

Qin Yang walked to the lakeside and flicked a finger at Huyan Sword’s corpse.

A burst of Star Force shot from his fingertip, instantly blasting the body into dust. He then poured the dust, along with the Grassland Sword Saint’s ashes, into the lake to feed the fish.

Afterward, he also destroyed the piece of scrap iron he had used for the kill.

And with that, the cleanup was complete!

Qin Yang checked their bundle and was surprised to find a well-preserved piece of elephant meat.

It was Star Beast Meat from the Middle Stage of the Innate Realm, overflowing with Spiritual Charm. It was clearly food the master and disciple had prepared for their journey, and it was quite valuable as well!

’Too bad it’s not much use to me. This little bit of nourishment isn’t even enough to get stuck in my teeth. Forget it...’

’I’ll leave it for Xiaobai.’

Qin Yang shook his head and put away the wrapped Star Beast meat. The space around him vibrated, and in the next second, he vanished from the lakeside.

The moonlight was cold, and a cool breeze blew across the lake.

It was as if nothing had ever happened...

...

...

CLICK.

The key slid into the lock, turned, and the security door slowly opened.

Qin Yang fumbled for the switch by the door, turned on the lights, and changed into his slippers.

Just then.

PATTER PATTER.

Another set of slippered footsteps sounded.

Xiaobai appeared at the doorway, wearing a set of little dinosaur pajamas. She groggily rubbed her sleepy eyes and yawned, asking:

"Master, you’re back so late. Where did you go?"

"Taking care of some things. Kids shouldn’t ask so many questions."

After changing his slippers, Qin Yang didn’t say more and went straight to the washroom to wash his hands.

Through the bathroom’s glass door, Xiaobai pressed herself against the wall, sniffing the air. She suddenly whispered, "Hmph, even if you don’t tell me, I can smell it. Master, you’ve got something good on you!"

"Oh? Your nose is that sharp?"

"Of course!"

Xiaobai put her hands on her hips, puffed out her slightly developed chest, and said proudly, "We of the Fox Race have the best sense of smell!"

"Let me see just how sharp it is."

Amused, Qin Yang took a single step to appear before Xiaobai. He reached out, pinched her little nose, and lifted her straight up by it...

"Ow ow, that hurts! Master, let go!"

Caught off guard, Xiaobai yelped and scratched at Qin Yang’s arm with her slender little hands. "The smell of blood, and a strange Star Force fluctuation! You didn’t have it this morning before you left!"

"It’s so late now, dark and windy... You must have gone out to kill someone!"

"Master, you’re so mean!"

As her voice fell.

Qin Yang chuckled. ’Damn, this little fox’s nose really is sharp.’

’She got half of it right just by guessing.’

Seeing this, Qin Yang let go of Xiaobai’s nose.

THUMP!

Xiaobai fell hard on her bottom. She knelt on the floor, coughing desperately, as shiny tears mixed with snot streamed down her face while she gasped for breath.

She looked utterly pitiful.

The nose is the most sensitive part of the Fox Race, so being pinched like that was torture.

Qin Yang squatted down, stroking Xiaobai’s beast ears. "Still feel like sniffing around?" he asked.

Hearing this, Xiaobai’s delicate body trembled. She shook her head, shivering, and mumbled:

"Master... is so mean..."

A hint of terror could be seen in her eyes.

Seeing this, Qin Yang felt satisfied.

’Xiaobai has been getting more and more brazen lately. A Beast Slave and Master need to have some boundaries. If she just curiously asks about everything, then what’s the point of me being the Master?’

Of course, Qin Yang understood the principle of the carrot and the stick.

Thinking of this, he took the Star Beast meat from his robes and handed it to Xiaobai. "Found this on the road. I have no use for it."

After putting down the Star Beast meat, Qin Yang paid her no more mind and lay back down on his bed.

Xiaobai watched Qin Yang go, then timidly opened the package. After one look, her eyes went wide.

A rich, meaty aroma assailed her nostrils as Star Force radiated from it. Her wild instincts were instantly awakened; sharp fangs emerged from her mouth, and she began to drool.

’Innate Realm Star Beast Meat?’

’Did Master bring this back specially for me?’

Xiaobai glanced in Qin Yang’s direction, a strange and complex emotion suddenly welling up in her heart.

’Oh no!’

’What’s going on? I get such an amazing reward just for getting my nose pinched...’

’It seems...’

’This Fairy isn’t getting a bad deal at all!’

’In fact, it wouldn’t be so bad if he pinched it a little more...’

"Hiss~"

At this thought, Xiaobai suddenly felt she was being a little perverted.

She immediately picked up the meat with her mouth, trotted back to her corner, and began to tear and gulp it down, replenishing her Star Force.

...

Qin Yang glanced over but paid her no mind, beginning to absorb the fifty years of Cultivation from the system.

These fifty years of Cultivation included not only an accumulation of Star Force but also a great deal of related knowledge about the Cultivation System.

A moment later.

Qin Yang opened his eyes, a glimmer of understanding within them.

At this moment, he finally knew what Realm lay beyond the Grandmaster Realm.

The Venerable Realm!

To become a Venerable, one must comprehend the Power of Laws.

His current Cultivation had reached the peak of the Grandmaster Realm, placing him right on the threshold of a breakthrough, but he had not yet comprehended the Power of Laws.

Therefore, he was still unable to reach the Venerable Realm.

He could only be considered to be in the Half-step Venerable Realm!