Chapter 267 - 266: Xiaobai: Master... You’re Actually a Dragon Race Star Beast?

Night fell.

The stars sparkled brightly.

Fuhai Villa District.

In the living room, the hot pot on the table bubbled away. Steam rose in wisps from the boiling red oil, where duck blood curd, wolfberries, medicinal ginseng, and other ingredients tumbled about.

"Here, Master, eat up."

Xiaobai extended her chopsticks, picked up a piece of Beast Blood, and thoughtfully placed it in Qin Yang’s bowl. "You lost so much Essence Blood," she urged. "That must have taken a toll on your body. Hurry and replenish yourself..."

"Mm, not bad."

Qin Yang popped the Beast Blood into his mouth, savoring the tender texture and the way the chili peppers stimulated his taste buds, a comfortable heat spreading through his body. "Your cooking is getting better and better."

"Hehe, of course!"

Xiaobai put down her chopsticks. "I had nothing to do these past few days, so this Fairy has been studying the culinary arts at home, and my Realm has even improved! Now that the surveillance is gone, this servant will definitely take good care of you!"

As she spoke, she sat on her stool, resting her chin on the end of her mahogany chopsticks. While picking up food for Qin Yang, she scrolled through trending videos on her phone.

"Master, this Clone game of yours is so much fun. Everyone online is completely fooled!"

Right now, on the internet, the impassioned public debate was spiraling. Discussions about Qin Yang were rampant, and most netizens already considered him the second-generation Sword God.

This was especially true on Jianghai’s local forum, "Sword Valley," where a group led by Elder Li had become unshakable supporters of the Sword God.

As the administrator, Elder Li had personally set up a dedicated sub-forum for discussion.

Recently, as the online hype intensified, the "Sword Valley" forum was also blessed with a new wave of traffic, and all sorts of businesses began placing ads.

They started negotiating advertising fees with Elder Li, and it looked like the forum was on its way to becoming something big. Monetizing the traffic, it was a classic case of one person’s success benefiting everyone around them.

However, Qin Yang was unaware of any of this.

"Master, you’re completely famous now! Who would have thought that the original Sword God and his disciple are the same person?"

Xiaobai put down her phone, blinked, and looked at Qin Yang with a grin.

"Master, you’re so wicked, tricking the citizens of Jianghai like this!"

"Ahem."

Qin Yang, chewing on a piece of lamb, scooped some of the spicy oil out of the hot pot. He coughed lightly and said, "What are you talking about? What do you mean, ’tricking’? Can using an alt account really be called tricking?

This is clearly a reasonable workaround!"

"A workaround?"

Hearing this, Xiaobai traced circles on the table with her finger, then suddenly looked up and asked expectantly,

"Then when can you teach this Fairy a trick or two, Master? This servant doesn’t ask for much."

As she spoke, she bent her fingers, counting. "I just want that Clone Technique... hmm, and that self-destruct Magic is interesting too..."

"Self-destruct? What do you want that for?"

Qin Yang raised an eyebrow at her words, ladling a few pieces of lamb into his bowl. "To blow me up when you’re bored?"

"Of course not!"

Xiaobai huffed, lifting her head proudly. "This Fairy has been with you for so long, and we have a master-servant link. This servant would never harm you.

I was just thinking, when those nobodies from the Venerable Alliance show up... this Fairy could also jump out to meet them, shout ’The Invincible Fairy of the Heaven-Blasting Gang,’ and then... drag them into a self-destruct explosion! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! Shocking everyone!"

"This Fairy wants to be as cool as Master!!"

"You want to self-destruct and blow people up too?"

Hearing this, Qin Yang chewed his lamb and thought for a moment.

He subconsciously mulled over the possibility.

’Let Xiaobai self-destruct?’

’It’s not... completely out of the question...’

’After all, this silly fox doesn’t do much at home anyway.’

’Letting her self-destruct to blow up some enemies could even earn some prestige.’ But on second thought, Qin Yang shook his head.

’Better not.’

After all, what kind of people were coming to cause trouble these days?

They were all at the Venerable Realm or higher!

What could Xiaobai, a piddling little fox at the Innate Realm, possibly do?

He reckoned she’d be dead meat before she even got close to them!

Even if she got lucky and managed to rush over, it would be useless.

A Venerable Realm expert could take her self-destruction head-on without any problem!

’With that garbage strength...’

’She has the nerve to call herself the ’Invincible Fairy of the Heaven-Blasting Gang’?’

’What an embarrassment!’

’She’d be a disgrace to the Heaven-Blasting Gang’s name.’

"You?"

Qin Yang shot Xiaobai a sideways glance, his eyes filled with disdain. "Forget it," he said contemptuously. "You’d be too much of an embarrassment to my Heaven-Blasting Gang. I can’t show you off. Just stay put in the house and don’t go anywhere."

As soon as he finished speaking,

"???"

Xiaobai was instantly indignant, grinding her teeth in frustration. "What do you mean, Master?! This Fairy isn’t presentable?"

’A King Level Star Beast isn’t presentable?’

’You’re looking down on me that much?!’

"Master, I’m warning you."

Xiaobai huffed, crossing her arms and turning her head to the side in a pout. "If you push this fox too far, this Fairy will... I’ll..."

"You’ll what?" Qin Yang asked.

"Uhh..."

Xiaobai tugged at the ears on top of her head, thought for a moment, then glanced at Qin Yang again. She realized that no matter what she chose, she would lose out.

’Without Qin Yang...’

’...there’d be no more Profound Pills.’

’And I couldn’t freeload off his Power of Laws anymore...’

She couldn’t come up with a good threat for the longest time.

Sulking, she could only force herself to say, "This Fairy will run away from home! I mean it! Then you won’t have a fox to cook for you anymore."

"Alright, stop fooling around. I suppose I could teach you the Clone self-destruct... We’ll see how you behave from now on."

Qin Yang put down his bowl and chopsticks, let out a satisfied burp, and patted his full stomach. "The blood-replenishing items I asked you to prepare, are they ready?"

The moment he spoke,

"Really?"

Xiaobai’s face lit up. She excitedly took off her Star Ring and pulled out the ingredients. "They’re all ready! Master! See for yourself."

The next moment,

a series of small bowls and containers were placed on the table.

Thick, rank-smelling blood filled porcelain bowls, radiating a berserk aura. Next to them were scattered heavenly treasures like ginseng and Snow Lotus...

But, the medicinal herbs placed next to the bowls of blood had barely been set down before they were tinged with a layer of red. Within a few breaths, they were completely tainted by the Beast Blood, a testament to the berserk nature of this Star Beast’s blood.

"Master, what do you need this for?"

Xiaobai wagged her tail, looking at the foul blood on the table. She tilted her head curiously. "This blood hasn’t been processed at all. Should this servant take it to the kitchen...?"

But before she could finish,

"It’s fine."

Qin Yang waved his hand, cutting her off.

"No need to process it. The Beast Blood is perfect in its raw, original state!"

’The Blood God Spell I got from the Blood Demon before.’

’Ever since I got it, it’s just been sitting at the bottom of my trunk.’

’Now it finally has a use!’

To activate the Blood God Spell to its fullest potential and achieve the best effect, these ingredients had to be in their most original, unadulterated form!

’Let’s give it a try.’

Thinking of this,

Qin Yang looked at the surface of the blood in the bowls, extended his hand, and gently passed it over one of them.

The next moment,

GURGLE GURGLE...

Wisps of blood qi began to steam off.

The surface of the blood bubbled, then suddenly seemed to evaporate, instantly dispersing into layers of blood mist that slowly drilled into his body through the pores on his palm.

It roamed through his organs.

It was like a warm current being injected into him.

His entire body felt suffused with warmth.

The lost Essence Blood was instantly replenished, and his physique was nourished in the process.

"Ah, that feels good."

Qin Yang nodded in satisfaction. He didn’t hide it from Xiaobai, simply reaching out leisurely and passing his palm over the remaining blood-filled containers, comfortably absorbing everything.

A massive amount of blood qi entered his body.

His terrifying aura surged higher and higher.

In an instant! The veins on Qin Yang’s neck bulged as a large volume of Beast Blood poured into him. His face twisted into a ferocious expression, as horrifying as a malevolent ghost.

"???"

Seeing this, Xiaobai, who was standing beside him, froze for a second. Clutching her fluffy fox tail, she couldn’t help but take a step back, her legs trembling.

’Master is...’

’...sucking blood?’

Xiaobai’s eyes widened as she stared at the empty porcelain bowls on the table in disbelief.

’It’s really gone from the bowls!’

’Since when could Master suck blood?’

’Could it be...’

’A side effect from killing those Blood-sucking Leeches?!’

Xiaobai thought in terror, her little mind turning to mush.

’The more I think about it, the more likely it seems!’

"Oh no, could my wicked Master have been infected by the Blood-sucking Leeches?"

’In a moment... he’s not going to suck this Fairy’s blood, is he?!’

Just then,

"Xiaobai!"

Qin Yang’s eyes snapped open and he suddenly called out to her. His expression had calmed, and the veins on his face had all receded. However, the bloody glint within his pupils had not faded, and he still looked terrifying. "Didn’t you want to learn the Clone Technique before...?"

"N-no... not right now, Master! This servant is going to wash the dishes, I... I won’t disturb you."

Feeling his gaze on her, Xiaobai shivered in fright, clamped her legs together, and ran back to the kitchen with the hot pot.

She vanished in a flash.

"??? She ran?"

Seeing this, Qin Yang was completely bewildered. ’She ran? Why did that silly fox run so fast?’

’I was in a good mood, too.’

’I was even going to pass the Clone Technique on to her.’

’Oh well.’

"Take it or leave it. I’ll continue my comprehension for now."

Qin Yang shook his head, not bothering with Xiaobai’s strange behavior. He sank into the Enlightenment Space and began to receive his reward from the system.

The True Dragon Visualization Method.

This was a necessary Spell for advancing to the Celestial Venerable Realm.

Those who practiced this Spell could use their inner vision to perform Visualization of a true dragon’s body—its bones, horns, flesh, sinews, skin, scales... and so on. By doing so, they could align their internal meridians and adjust their True Essence, achieving the power of Dragon Transformation.

"..."

Qin Yang sank into the space and began his comprehension.

The next moment,

a skeleton of glistening white dragon bones appeared in his mind. It swam with fluid grace, its joints cracking as it mimicked a True Dragon Dharma Aspect.

He exhaled slowly.

Qin Yang’s heavy breath billowed out as if he were breathing out clouds and mist.

In an instant!

A vast Dragon Mighty erupted!

The entire living room was suddenly filled with a floating golden light!

"Hm?"

In the kitchen, Xiaobai, who was scrubbing the hot pot, suddenly perked up her ears. She wrinkled her delicate nose and sniffed the air, sensing something was off.

’This is?’

’The aura of the Dragon Race?!’

’And it’s coming from Master?’

"Hm?"

Xiaobai looked up, crept to the doorway, and peeked out with half her face, cautiously eyeing Qin Yang in the living room.

In the living room,

the vast Dragon Mighty roiled amid swirling clouds and mist. Qin Yang sat cross-legged on the sofa, a draconic silhouette hovering above his head, looking utterly terrifying.

"...It really is the Dragon Race?"

Xiaobai murmured as she retracted her gaze. Amidst her shock, she suddenly recalled Qin Yang’s act of absorbing the Beast Blood earlier.

Eating flesh raw and drinking blood.

And he possessed the aura of the Dragon Race...

In a flash, inspiration struck her.

She suddenly had a bold conjecture!

"Judging by his behavior... could it be that Master is also a Star Beast?"

"And a legendary incarnation of the Dragon Race, at that?!!"

...