Chapter 109: Qin Yang: I’m Eating Stir-Fried Fox Meat Tonight

"Senior Brother, it’s getting late, so I won’t disturb you any longer."

"Mm."

In the alley, after Li Zixuan and Qin Yang exchanged a few simple pleasantries, they parted ways, returning to their own lives.

Qin Yang continued on his way to the market.

As evening approached.

The market was still bustling, filled with the endless sounds of haggling and hawking. The CHOP of cleavers on cutting boards and the smell of fish drifted through the air.

He bought some groceries at the market, then hurried home with Xiaobai, his mind occupied with what had just happened with Li Zixuan.

’First of all, there were too many things that didn’t add up. The most critical question was... when did I ever tell that silly disciple of mine to come find me?’

’I must have missed something somewhere.’

Qin Yang pinched the bridge of his nose. He carried the grocery bags upstairs, pulled out his key, and inserted it into the lock, mulling over his recent experiences.

’Li Zixuan was within my line of sight from start to finish. I controlled every interaction carefully; there’s no way I could have been exposed.’

’That silly girl only started acting strange after she returned from the Da Li Mountain Range... During that time, there was only one occasion when I wasn’t by her side...’

At this thought, Qin Yang stepped over the threshold, closed the security door, and then glanced back at Xiaobai.

After returning home, Xiaobai had already changed back into her form as a little, white-haired loli. She was barefoot, wearing a loose t-shirt that used to be Qin Yang’s, revealing her jade-like calves as she busied herself with washing vegetables and chopping meat.

Her expression was calm, just like usual.

’She’s faking it.’

Qin Yang closed his eyes and probed Xiaobai’s emotions. A wave of anxiety and unease washed over him.

A Beast Slave and their master are psychically linked.

If necessary, Qin Yang could actively sense Xiaobai’s emotions, physical condition, and location.

And now, after a simple probe, Qin Yang found that while Xiaobai appeared calm on the surface, looking as steady as a rock... she was actually panicking internally!

When she felt Qin Yang’s gaze fall upon her, she was instantly drenched in sweat. Her three fluffy tails drooped behind her, and even the speed at which she was washing vegetables slowed.

’So there *is* something fishy going on!’

Seeing this, Qin Yang calmly walked over to the refrigerator, took out a bottle of Coke, opened it, and took a sip. Then he went to Xiaobai’s side, leaned against the cabinet, and said nonchalantly:

"Xiaobai, are you going to confess, or should I spell it out for you...?"

As his calm voice faded, the sound from the sink stopped. The room fell silent, and all the pressure was now on Xiaobai.

"What are you talking about... Ma-Master..."

Xiaobai froze on the spot. She pursed her lips slightly, shook her head, and feigned ignorance. "Xiaobai doesn’t know what you’re talking about..."

As she spoke, she squinted, secretly observing Qin Yang’s reaction while planning her next move in her head.

’There’s no way Master found out, right?’

’He wants this Fairy to speak first?’

’Impossible!’

’There’s no witness and no evidence. Li Zixuan came looking for you, what does that have to do with this Fairy!’

"Heh, you don’t want to talk, is that it?"

Qin Yang sipped his Coke and leisurely laid out his suspicions. "During that time in the Da Li Mountain Range, Li Zixuan started acting strange. And you were the only one who had contact with her in the interim..."

Then, as if remembering something, Qin Yang added, "If you don’t come clean today, you’d better watch that fox hide of yours. And you can forget about asking me for any more Soul Condensing Pills."

The moment he finished speaking, the threat was undisguised, and he had hit the nail right on the head.

Hearing this, Xiaobai immediately wilted and gave in.

"I’m sorry, Master, I was wrong."

She hopped off her little stool and came up behind Qin Yang. "I was just playing a little joke."

With an appeasing look, she started to massage his shoulders. "Master, are you tired? Should I give you a shoulder rub, or a foot massage?"

"Don’t try that with me."

Qin Yang frowned and got straight to the point:

"What exactly did you give her that day? Tell me everything."

’What’s done is done. But the most important question now is, how much did Xiaobai reveal? I have to understand the whole story. So I don’t slip up in front of Li Zixuan later.’

"Master, I only gave Li Zixuan a stone with the character ’Qin’ carved on it. I didn’t tell her anything else, Master."

Xiaobai said carefully, "I just wanted to give her a little something to remember you by. I absolutely did not reveal any of your other information."

Upon hearing this, Qin Yang checked Xiaobai’s heart rate. After confirming she wasn’t lying, he finally relaxed and shot her a cold glare.

"This is the only time. If you dare to do it again, I’ll stir-fry me some fox meat."

"Eek."

Hearing this, Xiaobai timidly took a step back and said pitifully, "Master, fox meat doesn’t taste good. I’ll make you some braised pork ribs instead."

"Xiaobai, I’m not joking with you. This is a very serious matter."

"I managed to smooth things over this time and turn a big problem into nothing, but if you do it again, it won’t be this simple."

Qin Yang looked at Xiaobai, his authority radiating without any sign of anger. A chill shot through Xiaobai’s entire body, making her tremble instantly. She quickly lowered her head, terrified, no longer daring to meet his eyes.

"Yes, Master. I won’t do it again."

...

After admonishing Xiaobai, Qin Yang went to the balcony and began to immerse himself in the Enlightenment Space to comprehend the Thunder Fragment Law.

「Inside the Enlightenment Space.」

The Thunder Law Fragment darted about swiftly, zipping around the space joyfully as a silver streak of light.

Qin Yang carefully comprehended the Law. His consciousness focused on the Thunder Law Fragment, following it closely, chasing the trail of lightning and absorbing the essence from the Power of Laws.

A moment later.

BOOM!

A sudden clap of thunder shattered the night sky.

Lightning flashed and thunder roared as a thunderstorm abruptly descended.

Tyrannical thunder swept across the night sky as if to tear the heavens asunder. Silver dragons of plasma weaved through the clouds, slithering through the darkness.

"!!!"

In the kitchen, a dejected Xiaobai flinched at the sound, her body trembling as she stared toward the balcony.

Amidst the booming thunder, Qin Yang leaned against the balcony railing, looking up at the sky. With but a simple gesture, he had directly triggered a celestial phenomenon.

Seeing this, Xiaobai shivered, finally understanding just how angry Qin Yang was this time.

An emperor’s fury can cause a million corpses to lie strewn about, with enough blood to float shields.

But Qin Yang’s fury manifested as rolling Celestial Thunder, forming a terrifying phenomenon of Unity of Heaven and Man!

’I’m sorry... Master...’ Xiaobai muttered remorsefully, her voice small. She looked at the thunderous night sky in terror. ’Master isn’t going to strike me dead with lightning, is he?’

And at the same time, in the residential complex, the thunder stirred the clouds and wind, erupting into a thunderstorm that shook the heavens and unleashed a violent downpour.

BEEP! BEEP!

Between the apartment buildings, a chorus of car alarms rang out.

Every household was in an uproar, and the residents’ group chat immediately exploded.

"What the hell is with this weather? Again today!?"

"It thunders in the middle of the night, it thunders in the evening... Does it have to fucking thunder every single day?"

"Fellow Daoist! Please go somewhere else to face your tribulation! Are you trying to stop people from sleeping or what!!!"