Chapter 178 - 177: Imparting the Heaven-Slaying Sword Drawing Technique

The fragrance of tea drifted through the living room.

A fresh, delicate aroma filled the air...

"So..."

"Those Cult Demons are plotting to assassinate me?"

Qin Yang raised a finger, tracing the writhing dragon on the robe as he glanced sidelong at Li Zixuan. "And there might even be a Venerable Realm Demon involved?"

"Yes... that’s the gist of it, Teacher."

Li Zixuan spoke softly as she poured tea into a cup, reiterating the details about the Divine Sect. "This is a serious matter, Teacher. You must be careful. I have faith in your power, but those Demons will stop at nothing."

"They’re even willing to self-destruct... I’m just so worried..."

"Enough. I understand. Say no more."

Qin Yang nodded. He calmly set down the Rusted Dragon Brocade Robe and said slowly, "I will be more careful from now on. If you have any other questions, disciple, speak freely. I need to return to my meditation and cannot linger."

"Um..."

At his words, Li Zixuan lowered her gaze. She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and fidgeted, her fingers twisting together. After stealing an almost imperceptible glance at Qin Yang’s face, she fell silent once more.

’Actually,’

’I still want to see Teacher’s face.’

’Ever since Master took me in,’

’I’ve never seen his real face.’

’But in the end...’

’I’m afraid of offending him...’

’Since he doesn’t want to show it, I can’t force the issue as his disciple.’

’Forget it. I should just head back. I can’t disturb Teacher any longer.’

At that thought,

Li Zixuan stood up and said softly to Qin Yang, "That’s everything I needed to report. Please, be careful... I’ll take my leave now."

With that, she picked up her bag and turned to leave.

"Wait. Don’t be in such a hurry to leave, disciple..."

Qin Yang raised a hand, stopping her. "I’ve been busy these past few days and likely won’t have time to teach you. However, since you’ve come all this way, I can’t let you leave empty-handed."

"Hm?"

Li Zixuan froze for a second. "Teacher, what do you mean?"

"Coincidentally, you’ve just reached the Innate Realm, disciple. It is time for you to learn a new skill. Qin Yang, you are the senior disciple. You will impart this art in my stead. Teach your junior sister the Heaven-Slaying Sword Drawing Technique."

"Yes, Master!"

The Qin Yang who had been leaning against the balcony door, keeping watch, heard the voice. He slid the door open, poked his head in, and said with a wide grin, "I guarantee I’ll complete the mission!"

As soon as the words left his mouth,

Beside the coffee table, Xiaobai, who was tidying up the tea set, rolled her eyes. ’I’m speechless,’ she thought.

’This wretched master!’

’You’re such a good actor!’

’Just keep tricking your foolish disciple!’

"Heaven-Slaying Sword Drawing Technique?"

Hearing this, Li Zixuan’s eyes widened. Once the name registered, she rushed over to Qin Yang’s side and asked excitedly, "Is that the technique you used to face the Sword Saint?"

A distant memory came flooding back!

This was the supreme Martial Art from Sword Valley, the one that defeated the Grassland Sword Saint with a single strike!

"Yes, that’s the one. Now that you’ve reached the Innate Realm, it is time for you to learn it."

The black-robed Qin Yang spoke calmly, then slowly rose from his seat by the coffee table. With those parting words, he returned to his room.

CLICK—

As the door closed,

The living room fell silent once more.

"Senior Brother..."

Li Zixuan blinked, looking at Qin Yang with anticipation. She clutched the hem of her shirt and whispered, "Teacher’s gone. So, when do we start?"

"No rush. It’s about time for dinner anyway."

Qin Yang took out his phone, glanced at the time, and said leisurely, "Let’s eat first. We can start the lesson after."

"Oh, okay. Whatever you say, Senior Brother."

Li Zixuan nodded obediently. She rolled up her sleeves and glanced toward the kitchen. "Do you need any help? I know my way around a kitchen, you know."

"Nope, someone else has it covered."

Qin Yang waved a dismissive hand and looked down at Xiaobai. Their eyes met.

"The food!"

"It’s already done!"

Xiaobai planted her hands on her hips, her fluffy tail twitching. She glared and snapped, "Master, why are you yelling at me...? There are just a few side dishes still simmering. Give it two minutes!"

With that, she turned and walked towards the kitchen.

"I’ll help too!"

Li Zixuan pulled her hair back and followed her in to help. The two of them, one tall and one small, bustled about the kitchen. The sound of clattering pots and pans filled the air, mingling with the comforting aroma of a home-cooked meal.

The sound of a car horn drifted in from outside. Beneath the gentle moonlight, Qin Yang sat on the sofa, casually scrolling through short videos on his phone. As he watched them bustling around, he found himself thinking that this wasn’t half bad.

’Days passing just like this...’

’...it’s pretty nice.’

’Just another fleeting day...’

「A few moments later.」

"Hehehe, chicken soup’s ready!"

Xiaobai, wearing oven mitts, held the pot by its handles and placed it on the table with a THUD.

"Careful,"

Li Zixuan reminded her softly from behind, setting down a dish of stir-fried cabbage.

One dish after another was placed on the living room table.

Pan-fried pork loin, Dongpo pork, braised Lion’s Head meatballs, spicy crayfish... It was a veritable feast, a splendid spread of all kinds of delicacies.

Qin Yang walked over to the table and took a deep, satisfied sniff of the fragrant air before pulling out a chair and sitting down.

"Here, Senior Brother, your bowl."

Li Zixuan handed him a bowl and chopsticks, then passed a small bowl to Xiaobai, saying softly, "Is this bowl okay for you? Do you want a bigger one?"

"It’s fine, it’s fine, it’s fine!

"This Fairy’s coat has just grown in all nice and full, so I don’t need to eat that much!"

Xiaobai took the small bowl, chuckling as she flashed her little fangs. She picked up a piece of braised fish with her chopsticks and dropped it right into Li Zixuan’s bowl.

"Go on, woman, try this Fairy’s handiwork!!"

"...Okay."

Li Zixuan couldn’t help but laugh at the display. She looked at Qin Yang, a little embarrassed. "I’ll just have a bite, Senior Brother. I already ate at home."

"Tsk! Don’t worry about it, Junior Sister. Dig in."

Qin Yang said, holding his bowl, "Eat up. It’s usually just me and Xiaobai anyway, so we have more than enough."

"Alright,"

Li Zixuan picked up her chopsticks, lifted the piece of fish from her bowl to her mouth, and chewed reservedly.

A few seconds later,

Her eyes flew wide open!

"Mmm... so savory!"

An explosion of flavor. The tender fish was springy to the bite, its savory juices coating her tongue and leaving a lingering fragrance. It melted in her mouth.

It was so delicious she almost swallowed her tongue!

"This fish is so tender!"

Li Zixuan licked her lips, savoring the aftertaste. "How did you make this?"

"So? This Fairy’s cooking is pretty amazing, right!?"

Xiaobai lifted her delicate nose in the air and huffed, "Bet that makes you drool! My culinary skills are unrivaled!"

"Amazing! It’s even better than what my family’s private chef makes!"

Li Zixuan was full of praise, complimenting Xiaobai, "I never expected Senior Brother to eat so well. Your cooking is amazing, little fox!"

The moment she said that,

Xiaobai’s heart instantly swelled with pride!

Her tail wagged even more happily!

"Of course! This Fairy’s skills are, without a doubt, second to none!"

"How do you do it?"

Li Zixuan said in surprise, "I thought all Star Beasts ate raw meat and drank blood..."

Hearing this,

Xiaobai’s heart skipped a beat, and her fox ears drooped again.

"It’s all because my wretched master forced me to learn..."

...

「A short while later.」

Having eaten and drunk their fill,

Xiaobai put the leftovers in the fridge and got busy washing the dishes.

Qin Yang, with a floss pick dangling from his mouth, sat on the sofa and started scrolling through short videos. Li Zixuan sat beside him and whispered,

"Senior Brother, we’re done here... shouldn’t you be teaching me now...?"

"Hm, almost forgot."

As if just remembering, Qin Yang raised a finger.

And tapped it directly against the spot between Li Zixuan’s eyebrows!