Chapter 28: With the Senior Here, the Bloodthirsty Demon Insects Are Nothing to Worry About

Time flew by, and a week passed in the blink of an eye.

All sorts of information continued to flood the internet, but news about "Sword Valley" gradually died down.

The lives of the citizens returned to their usual tranquility. There were no more sightings of Demons emerging or Star Beast invasions.

Many citizens even came to see the purple glow in the sky that day as an auspicious sign, offering thanks for the expert’s intervention and even actively searching the streets for any sign of this great figure.

...

Meanwhile, in an inconspicuous rented room.

Qin Yang ate half an apple, watching the people below through the blinds. He had long since noticed the search parties.

’Sigh, it feels like I’m getting more and more fans,’

Qin Yang couldn’t help but shake his head and sigh wistfully.

He had no intention of revealing himself to these people searching for him.

The path of becoming some idolized hero didn’t suit him. Whoever wanted that life could have it.

He just wanted to be a plain, ordinary administrator, slacking off every day and living a nice, simple life.

’Lying flat is the way. It’s nice not having to strive and compete.’

After finishing the last bite of his apple, Qin Yang sank back into the Enlightenment Space to continue his comprehension.

It was a rare weekend, the perfect time to advance his comprehension of the Heaven-Slaying Sword Drawing Technique from Xiaocheng to Great Success.

Qin Yang closed his eyes and focused, contemplating the details of this Emperor Level Martial Arts.

The Heaven-Slaying Sword Drawing Technique was of an extremely high level.

It was a technique that remained silent, its edge completely hidden, poised and ready to be unleashed.

But the moment the hidden sword was drawn, it was like a bolt of lightning, an extreme shadow that silenced the roar of heaven and earth.

A Sword Dao of such terrifying power.

It was immensely difficult to master completely.

During his comprehension in the valley that day, he had imprinted the figure of the White-robed Swordsman into his mind, but he still needed more practice and insight to truly execute the technique.

Even the slightest, most minuscule deviation could take some Sword Cultivators decades to comprehend!

’This is the difficulty of the Sword Dao. No wonder there are so few Sword Dao Masters. They’re treated as honored guests by all the major powers, who fight to recruit them.’

’So difficult!’

Qin Yang shook his head, filled with emotion.

But thankfully... ’I have the Enlightenment Space!’

’Alright, Enlightenment Space, deduce and integrate for me!’

With a single thought, Qin Yang focused his mind, recalling the Swordsmanship in his head.

The next moment.

BUZZ!

The Ziwei Sword hummed in response, and the figure of the White-robed Swordsman appeared once more.

At first, the image in his mind was still somewhat blurry, so much so that he couldn’t even see the details of how the sword was held.

But as his heaven-defying Comprehension was enhanced,

in just a few moments,

all the blurry details dispersed.

Soon, the Swordsman’s figure became perfectly clear, like a holographic projection, with every detail visible!

A massive amount of muscle memory formed. From Xiaocheng to Great Success, the Heaven-Slaying Sword Drawing Technique became as natural as pointing a finger.

’It’s done!’

Qin Yang slowly opened his eyes, overjoyed and eager to test its power.

But testing it with the Ziwei Sword was out of the question.

’The moment it’s unsheathed, the entire building will probably be split in two!’

Qin Yang looked around and finally picked up the fruit knife he had used to peel the apple earlier.

He walked to the window and opened it.

A light breeze drifted in. White clouds drifted leisurely across the sky.

’You’ll do.’

Qin Yang gripped the knife’s handle with his right hand and held the plastic sheath with his left. He gave it a gentle pull, aiming toward the distant clouds in the sky.

SHING!

The metal blade scraped against the plastic, making an almost inaudible unsheathing sound.

The next moment,

the magnificent sea of clouds instantly split in two, revealing the clear, azure sky between them and creating a spectacular sight like the East African Rift Valley.

The boisterous crowd below looked up at the sky, completely dumbfounded....

.......

.......

Star Sea Police Bureau.

Inside the conference room, the atmosphere was silent and oppressive.

The displayed PPT showed the investigation materials on the Bloodthirsty Demons from the past few days.

The three Innate Realm experts of Jianghai City had gathered once again to discuss the results of the search.

"Recently, our bureau’s search has revealed that the Bloodthirsty Demons have all vanished."

The Commander looked at the PPT and said in a low voice, "No one has been harmed. It’s as if they’ve all gone into hiding... What are your thoughts?"

"In my opinion, there are likely two possibilities for why these Bloodthirsty Demon Insects have gone into hiding."

Elder Li said slowly, stroking his beard.

"Two possibilities?"

The Commander’s expression turned grim upon hearing this. He said seriously, "I’d like to hear the details. Please elaborate, Elder Li."

"There’s no need to be so formal. This is just my humble opinion."

Elder Li shook his head and said in a low voice, "The first reason is quite simple. It’s related to that Sword Dao senior from before. The Bloodthirsty Demon Insects may have sensed the aura of a powerful expert and don’t dare to make a move, so they’ve temporarily laid low."

As soon as he finished speaking, the Hall Master and the Commander both nodded in agreement.

Ever since the day the purple celestial phenomenon appeared,

it wasn’t just the Bloodthirsty Demon Insects.

Even the Star Beasts for a hundred miles around Jianghai City had retreated from human territory due to that terrifying Sword Dao aura.

None of them dared to make any rash moves.

They were afraid of angering that expert and bringing annihilation upon their own kind.

"And the second reason, Elder Li?"

the Hall Master asked in a deep voice.

"The second reason... is not good at all."

Elder Li’s brows furrowed tightly. He said slowly, "If these Bloodthirsty Demon Insects aren’t hiding out of fear... then the only other possibility is that they have already drunk enough blood. The consequences would be unimaginable!"

As Elder Li’s voice fell, everyone in the conference room grew grim.

They quickly realized the gravity of the situation.

A crisis of this magnitude could not be underestimated.

If the Alien Insect were to emerge, the consequences would be unimaginable, bringing devastation and death!

"I wonder if that Sword Dao senior is still in the city."

Elder Li said hopefully, "If we could get his help, suppressing these Bloodthirsty Demon Insects would be as easy as flipping a palm."

"What Elder Li says is true, but we at the Star Martial Police Bureau can’t just sit around and wait."

The Commander’s face was dark as he said in a low voice, "I have already prepared for the worst. We have located the Bloodthirsty Demon Insects’ nest."

As he spoke, he switched the PPT to the next slide.

It showed a satellite view of Li Shui Lake.

Seeing this, the Hall Master’s face fell in shock. "It’s there?"

That was the largest freshwater lake in Jianghai City, visited by a large number of citizens and tourists every day. If an insect plague were to truly break out there, the casualties would be immense!

"That’s right." The Commander nodded, his voice cold. "But the Li Shui Lake area is simply too large. All I can do now is dispatch men to lock down the scene and prohibit anyone else from entering.

I’ve also stationed a large number of Postnatal Realm masters nearby."

"But just lying in wait isn’t a long-term solution."

Hearing this, Elder Li sighed softly. "We must prepare for the worst-case scenario."

......

「Meanwhile.」

At the bottom of Li Shui Lake.

The currents surged ceaselessly, and entire schools of fish had vanished from the area.

Inside a grotto of jagged rocks, the Bloodthirsty Leeches moved slowly. Their fat, black bodies, like piles of rotten meat, continuously expanded and grew misshapenly.

It was as if they would soon fill the entire grotto.

A layer of strange, crimson light covered them, and their aura was terrifying.