Chapter 166 - 165: Beast God Sect

「The next day, at dawn.」

The first light of morning was faint.

Qin Yang walked into the building and went to work, just like any other day.

Last night, Xia He had gotten dead drunk. Since he himself was a little tipsy, Qin Yang had used Close Yet So Far to send both him and his sports car straight home.

’That guy’s probably still in bed, sleeping soundly!’

"Don’t drink and drive. Safety first."

Qin Yang yawned. Cradling Xiaobai, he sauntered over to the time clock to punch in, then suddenly noticed how quiet it was.

"Hm?"

He glanced around.

Usually, Li Qinghe would have already scampered over by now to greet him enthusiastically, breakfast in hand...

’She didn’t come to work again...?’

At that thought, Qin Yang’s Spiritual Power spread out from his body, enveloping every corner of the building. After a careful check, he confirmed that the young woman was indeed nowhere to be found.

He recalled what he had said to her yesterday.

’I guess...’

’The girl got mad.’

’She’s probably off in some corner, grinding hard and pushing herself to get stronger!’

"Not bad, not bad. At least she has some ambition."

Qin Yang went to his usual slacking-off corner, pulled out a small stool, and sat down, quite happy to have the peace and quiet.

Without Li Qinghe around, his ears were finally quiet. All was well.

’An opportunity not to be missed.’

’I can use this free time to comprehend the Laws of the Venerable Realm!’

With that thought, Qin Yang didn’t hesitate. He sent a telepathic message telling Xiaobai to provide cover, then submerged his consciousness into the Enlightenment Space, recalling the scene of the masked elder’s self-destruction.

The next moment, the Blood Thunder appeared in the center of his mind. It collapsed and expanded, simulating the desolate image of the elder just before his death, causing the void itself to ripple and crack.

HUMMM—

The Power of Laws was stirred.

Qin Yang focused his mind in meditation, capturing that trace of the Law’s fluctuation from the explosion.

With each slow breath, the void around him began to faintly crack, shattering layer by layer like a mirror before Xiaobai’s Illusion Technique concealed the phenomenon.

Breathe...

Time slowly trickled by.

「After a while.」

The simulation ended.

The elder self-destructed again, dying one more time as he was devoured by a vast expanse of white light...

"It’s finally over, Master..."

"If you’d taken any longer, I, the great Fairy, would have broken!"

Xiaobai stuck out her pink tongue, feeling dizzy and light-headed. She collapsed limply in Qin Yang’s arms, her short fox legs as soft as noodles, completely exhausted.

Using an Illusion Technique to conceal such a phenomenon already required an enormous price.

And that short period of casting the illusion had completely drained her Spiritual Power.

Now, with Qin Yang’s power growing more terrifying by the day,

Xiaobai had completely abandoned her escape plan and decided to become a suck-up fox. It was as if she could already see the day Qin Yang would achieve his breakthrough.

"That should be about it."

Qin Yang opened his eyes and stroked Xiaobai’s head, feeling very satisfied.

’At this point, the reward from that old masked geezer’s explosion... I’ve pretty much milked it for all it was worth.’

’Now, everything is in place.’

’All I need is the right opportunity. With that final push, I can ride the momentum to break through and step into the true Venerable Realm!’

.......

「Meanwhile,」

At Jianghai Martial Arts Academy.

In the top-floor office of Tengfei Building,

The fragrance of tea curled in the air. Beneath a painting of the rising sun, Elder Li tipped a Zisha teapot, slowly pouring tea into a cup before handing it to Lin Mofeng, who stood before him.

"Mo Feng, why do you look so pale?"

Elder Li raised a white eyebrow, slightly puzzled.

First thing this morning, Lin Mofeng had knocked on his office door and entered with a worried expression, looking heavily burdened as if he had something important to discuss.

"Teacher..."

Lin Mofeng accepted the cup. Staring at the tea leaves floating on the surface, he said hesitantly, "I have just learned of some hidden matters, and I am worried..."

"Worried?"

Elder Li stroked his white beard and smiled calmly. "What is there to be worried about?

Senior Sword God has appeared in Jianghai, which means he is willing to help us... We should have nothing to fear now!"

As he spoke, he nodded. "Back then, Mo Feng, you were defending Sword God Valley. It was only thanks to the Sword God that you managed to survive."

"Yes, Teacher, I understand that. But I’ve come about another matter."

Lin Mofeng set down his teacup and stared intently at Elder Li, asking softly, "Teacher, have you ever heard of the Beast God Sect?"

The moment the words left his mouth.

"The Beast God Sect?"

Elder Li’s white brows furrowed slightly.

He seemed to be searching his memory. After a moment, he spoke slowly.

"I have heard of them. It is said that the Beast God Sect is pulling the strings behind almost all the Cult Demons in this world."

"They do not follow the path of human ethics, but instead revere Star Beasts, attempting to use them to reverse the Celestial Dao and return to a state of savage bestiality."

"As I recall, they are all madmen who prove their dao through slaughter..."

"Exactly, Teacher! What I know is much the same as what you’ve described."

Lin Mofeng nodded at his words, then suddenly changed the subject. "If that’s the case, then has Teacher noticed that their doctrine and actions... are somewhat similar to those of the two Cult Demons from Sword Valley...?"

"Similar?"

Elder Li’s expression changed in alarm. Following Lin Mofeng’s lead, he recalled the characteristics of the Jianghai Demons.

Proving their dao through slaughter, paranoid and insane.

And...

On that day in Sword God Valley, the beast-patterned mask worn by the elder represented his obsession with Star Beasts!

At that thought, all the signs connected.

Elder Li’s white brows knitted tightly as understanding dawned on him. "Mo Feng, are you saying... the Demons who died by Senior Sword God’s blade were also from the Beast God Sect?"

"Yes. I have my sources and have already learned about the situation."

Lin Mofeng nodded, turning his palm upward and activating his Star Force to create a projection of light.

The next moment, a Star Force image materialized.

A raging Beast Tide surged and stampeded within his palm, simulating the destruction of a city. At the center of this Beast Tide, several figures could be faintly seen hovering above, as if directing it.

"Teacher, this is footage sent back from other cities. For certain reasons, it has not yet been made public by the authorities."

Lin Mofeng angled the Star Force image and said in a low voice, "According to this footage, the ones manipulating this year’s Beast Tides are, in fact, the Beast God Sect!"

"Those goddamn madmen!"

Hearing this, Elder Li instantly roared in anger.

Every time a Beast Tide swept through, it was a natural disaster that brought unimaginable suffering.

Wives separated from husbands, children from parents; families shattered, lives lost; all hope extinguished...

But only now did Elder Li realize with a shock.

This wasn’t a natural disaster at all, but a premeditated, man-made one?!

"Teacher, Senior Sword God killed two of their experts this time. I’m afraid they won’t let this matter rest,"

Lin Mofeng said gravely. "If they seek revenge, they will likely gather even more forces to deal with the Jianghai Sword God.

When that time comes... the Beast Tide Jianghai City will face will undoubtedly be at the Difficult Level! We must be prepared!"

"Heh, prepared..."

Elder Li sighed and sank back into his chair, a weary look on his face. "Mo Feng, we will do our best. But if the enemy’s assault is too fierce... then our only hope is that Senior Sword God can turn the tide..."

As his voice fell,

the office fell silent.

Lin Mofeng looked at Elder Li’s worried face and said no more.

’In fact,’

’within the Beast God Sect,’

’there is no shortage of Venerable Realm experts either...’