Chapter 183 - 182: Li Zixuan: Senior Brother Is Truly Unfathomable

Spring thunder and nourishing rain, laying the foundation for all creation.

In an instant, two streams of the Power of Laws began to alternate, coursing through Li Qinghe’s meridians.

A powerful restorative ability burst forth, mending her injuries.

RUMBLE!

The fierce and tyrannical Thunder Law descended, rampaging through Li Qinghe’s body!

Her Star Force was in chaos, churning like a stormy sea and surging uncontrollably. Qin Yang simply suppressed it with an even more savage power.

The rolling thunder of his power washed over her True Essence, suppressing the chaos, clearing the turmoil, and instantly calming everything!

CRACKLE!

Her latently fractured meridians revived as the Wood Law, gentle as a spring breeze on the face, flowed through them. The fine cracks gradually healed, the rogue True Essence returned to its proper channels, and her very flesh knit back together.

A tingling, electric sensation spread through her...

Li Qinghe closed her eyes to feel it. Her whole body tingled, as if tiny fish were nibbling at the soles of her feet, bringing a strange, pleasant itchiness...

’It feels so good!’

A few moments later,

She checked the flow of Star Force within her body again, and her eyes instantly flew wide!

Her True Essence was calm and steady, and her meridians were as good as new. In that short time, her fluctuating Realm had been completely stabilized.

"How is that possible?!"

Li Qinghe stared at Qin Yang, shocked and incredulous.

’Chaotic True Essence, latently fractured meridians... Fixing these problems is no easy task, let alone in a matter of seconds. Not even the expensive therapists the Li Family hires could do this!’

’But Qin Yang actually did it in just a few seconds?’

’His skill is simply divine!’

"Master, you’re amazing! How did you do that?!"

Li Qinghe shook Qin Yang’s arm, wheedling, "Such incredible skill! Amazing! I know you dote on your disciple the most, so teach me a few tricks..."

"I don’t have time. It’s just something I figured out in my spare time."

Too lazy to entertain her, Qin Yang gave a dismissive reply, "Your condition is fine. I just happened to discover it in time. Any later, and I’m afraid nothing could have been done."

Now that she was healed,

Li Qinghe’s meridians were whole and her True Essence was stable. Only now had she truly stepped into the Innate Realm.

"Here, Sister Qinghe, let me take a look."

Li Zixuan took Li Qinghe’s hand, placing her fingers on the pulse point to check her condition.

The next moment.

The feedback she received on the state of the Star Force was clear—

If her True Essence before had been a chaotic, raging sea...

...then now, it was as gentle as a babbling brook.

’Senior Brother... His methods are incredible.’

Li Zixuan’s beautiful eyes trembled as she looked at the devil-may-care Qin Yang, trying to recall the details of what had just happened.

’What did Senior Brother do?’

’He just reached out, tapped the spot between Li Qinghe’s eyebrows, and in an instant, he calmed all that chaotic energy!’

’Such a technique was simply heaven-defying!’

’How strange. What is Senior Brother’s Cultivation Realm, exactly!?’

Li Zixuan frowned, trying to sense Qin Yang’s Star Force fluctuations.

’Plain. Gentle.’

’It was just like an ordinary person’s; she couldn’t detect the slightest hint of Cultivation.’

’Even when Elder Li, who was at the Late Stage of the Innate Realm, concealed his aura, she could still feel a trace of it and vaguely sense his Realm.’

’But Qin Yang’s aura was completely different—calm as still water. It was these same plain Star Force fluctuations in the library that had misled her into not recognizing her senior brother!’

’A concealment technique superior to Elder Li’s...’

’Could it be...’

’Is Senior Brother a Grandmaster Realm powerhouse?!’

At this thought,

Li Zixuan’s heart pounded in her chest, as if she had just grasped a vital clue.

’That’s it!’

’Only someone who had reached that Realm could so perfectly conceal their aura.’

But on second thought,

the idea was simply too absurd!

’How old was Qin Yang now?’

’He was in his early twenties at most, yet he had already stepped into the Grandmaster Realm!’

’Senior Brother is so young...’

As Li Zixuan thought of this, her knees felt weak, and she didn’t dare to think about it any further.

After all,

’She was the publicly acknowledged number one genius of Jianghai.’

’Her future achievements were destined to surpass the Venerable Realm, perhaps reaching even greater heights.’

’And now you’re telling me there’s someone even more monstrously talented out there?’

’Senior Brother truly is unfathomable...’

At this thought,

Li Zixuan raised her eyes and stole a nearly imperceptible glance at Qin Yang, tucking a stray strand of hair behind her ear as she struggled to control her emotions.

"What’s wrong, Junior Sister? Are you not feeling well?"

Seeing her flickering gaze, Qin Yang frowned slightly. "Don’t tell me you also caused latent fractures in your meridians trying to force a breakthrough?"

"N-no... Senior Brother, don’t worry. I’m not that foolish."

Li Zixuan shook her head. "I was just thinking about something."

As she spoke, she raised her eyes to Qin Yang’s profile and said softly, "We have a long road ahead. I hope Senior Brother will offer me much guidance in the future."

’From the looks of it,’

’it seems my goal has to change.’

’Before, I was chasing after Master.’

’But now, the distance to Master seems too great; he’s completely unreachable. Trying to catch up to him would be like trying to cross a celestial chasm.’

’But Senior Brother is close!’

’He’s right here. If I work hard enough, there’s a chance I can catch up!’

"Senior Brother, your Cultivation is profound, your Swordsmanship is superb... You also know Array Formation and Alchemy. Is there anything you can’t do?"

Li Zixuan stroked the sleeping Xiaobai’s head and asked softly, "No wonder you’re able to keep Xiaobai as a pet..."

"Just things I picked up in my spare time. I know a little bit about everything."

Qin Yang waved his hand dismissively. "If you have something on your mind in the future, or run into problems with your breakthroughs, you can ask me first. Just don’t be like your foolish martial-niece and recklessly try to force your way into a new Realm."

"Hey, hey, hey! That’s enough! I was wrong, I admit it! Stop rubbing salt in the wound!"

Li Qinghe clutched her head and squatted on the ground, saying miserably, "I’m sorry, Master! I was too reckless this time. I didn’t think it through."

As her voice fell,

Qin Yang nodded. "Good. You have a good attitude about admitting your mistakes. Just don’t be so reckless in the future. Try to have a little more foresight."

"That’s right, Sister Qinghe. Don’t do that again. It’s far too dangerous."

Li Zixuan also gently admonished her, "You worked so hard to reach the Innate Realm. You have a boundless future ahead of you. Don’t throw it all away over something foolish."

"Oh... I know. I won’t make that mistake again."

Li Qinghe lowered her gaze and said softly, "Master, Martial Aunt is right. I won’t do it again."

"Good, a fine attitude!

And you even remembered to call her Martial Aunt. For that, I’ll give you a reward."

Hearing this, Qin Yang was in high spirits. With a flip of his hand, he produced a yellowed Array Map and placed it in Li Qinghe’s hand.

"What’s this?"

Li Qinghe took the Array Map, her pupils shrinking as she ran her fingers over the leather and observed the arrangement of the Array Patterns on its surface.

A Fifth Level Array!

’He just gave it to me? Just like that?’

"Disciple, since you’ve stepped into the Innate Realm, consider this a congratulatory gift from your master. It’s an Array I put together in my spare time, called the Little Seven-Star Array Map."

Qin Yang’s gaze grew focused. He ran a finger over the Array Patterns and looked at Li Qinghe. "Whether you study it or use it to save your life, it’s yours to do with as you please."

With Li Qinghe’s current Star Force,

she had just enough power to activate the Array.

It was a miniature version modeled after the Big Dipper Array Map.

While not as powerful as the original, it could easily trap an Innate Powerhouse. It could even restrain an ordinary Grandmaster within its confines!