Chapter 85: Host, You’re So Handsome! Wood Law Fragment

"Master, this tree actually gained sentience! It’s become a demon!"

Xiaobai stared at the vine fragments covering the ground, her hand flying to her mouth. Her brow furrowed for a moment before a look of delighted surprise washed over her face as she realized something.

After all,

Grass and Wood Demons that had gained sentience were very different from Star Beasts.

Star Beasts mainly focused on condensing a Crystal Core during their Cultivation, devouring the power within flesh and blood to strengthen themselves.

But these sentient plants rooted themselves in the world, absorbed the essence of all things, and then extracted precious Essence of Wood from within their branches.

A single drop of Essence of Wood was priceless.

From eliminating stubborn illnesses to nourishing and saving the lives of the gravely injured, it could do it all!

And more importantly,

After consuming Essence of Wood, the recipient’s lifespan would increase dramatically, and they could even glimpse the path to immortality!

As for these matters,

Having studied the Profound Celestial Pill Scripture, Qin Yang naturally knew all this as well.

It was just that...

There was one problem.

"We’re too early. This old demon isn’t mature yet..."

Qin Yang shook his head helplessly.

The Thousand-Year-Old Tree Demon the system mentioned was, in fact, only about five hundred years old... falling short by several whole centuries.

How much could the Essence of Wood inside it possibly be worth?

Persimmons are bitter before they ripen and sweet after... You can still eat them, but the taste is ultimately not quite right.

"What a pity."

Qin Yang looked at the centuries-old tree but quickly came to terms with it.

’Since the system’s prompt was triggered, it must mean this old tree was a heaven-defying existence that could have lived for another five hundred years.’

’As long as I kill it, I’ll still get a new reward!’

’No matter how I look at it, I can’t lose!’

With this in mind, Qin Yang stared at the old tree, a flash of killing intent in his eyes.

’I’m definitely taking this reward!’

RUSTLE! RUSTLE!

Just then, the old tree launched an attack with its vines!

In an instant, the ground along the path quaked and cracked. Countless vines shot up from the earth, soaring toward the sky, thorny and malformed, weaving themselves into a great net.

"Master, Master! Move!"

Xiaobai tugged at the corner of Qin Yang’s clothes, urging him in a low voice, her tail wagging with a mix of excitement and nervousness.

After seeing Qin Yang’s earlier move, she’d realized this old Tree Demon wasn’t so scary after all.

Now, Xiaobai had only one thing on her mind: she wanted to go look for the Essence of Wood inside its branches.

’Hmph, this Fairy is going to get a reward too!’

"Don’t be hasty, Xiaobai."

"This tree is already courting death..."

Qin Yang said with a faint smile as he flicked out the Sword Qi coalescing at his fingertip.

BOOM!

A single wisp of Sword Qi scattered in mid-air, transforming into thousands of streams of surging Sword Intent. It was as if countless Swordsmen had drawn their blades simultaneously, standing guard by Qin Yang’s side.

They formed a veritable army, charging toward the surrounding net of vines.

A massive amount of Sword Qi erupted, tearing the vines to shreds and grinding its way toward the old tree step by step.

CRACK.

The old tree’s bark was scraped by the wind of the attack and instantly split apart.

’Danger!’

’This human is extremely dangerous!’

Sensing the crisis, the Thousand-Year-Old Tree Demon instinctively controlled its vines to defend itself.

The ground instantly split open, giving rise to even more vines that branched out into countless tendrils.

But the single wisp of attacking Sword Qi was also dividing, spawning thousands upon thousands of Sword Qi streams that brutally swept everything away!

That’s right.

This was none other than the Grassland Sword Saint’s "Ten Thousand Swords Return to the Sect"!

After several days of contemplation, Qin Yang had completely mastered the essentials of this Swordsmanship, able to use it with perfect proficiency.

He had even surpassed his predecessor, unleashing power that far exceeded that of the Sword Saint!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

A torrent of Sword Qi swept through, instantly annihilating any approaching vines. Shredded tendrils filled the sky as dirt and rock were kicked up into the air.

In the blink of an eye, the ancient giant tree was blasted full of holes, like a sieve!

The mountain wind howled through the holes, creating a mournful wail. The vines fell still.

The forest returned to silence.

The ground was plowed with sword marks, and the vines drooped limply.

"Master, that was amazing!"

Xiaobai clapped excitedly. Her eyes gleamed as she stared at the ancient tree’s remains, eager to run over and find the Essence of Wood.

"Wait!"

Qin Yang’s brow furrowed. He suddenly reached out, grabbed her by the tail, and yanked her back.

"Hiss! That hurts!"

Xiaobai clutched her tail, her eyes instantly turning red. "Why did you pull me back, Master?" she asked, aggrieved.

"Something’s not right." Qin Yang let go of Xiaobai’s fluffy tail, frowning. "I don’t think this Tree Demon is completely dead."

"Not dead? Are you sure, Master?"

Hearing this, Xiaobai hesitated. Her nostrils twitched as she sniffed the air, catching the strong scent of blood. But aside from that, there were no other signs of life.

Besides,

’The tree’s trunk is already this mangled...’

’How could it possibly not be dead?’

"Hold on."

Qin Yang said in a low voice, looking at the old tree’s remains. Although its trunk had been blasted to pieces, the system’s notification hadn’t sounded.

’There’s definitely something wrong!’

Thinking of this, Qin Yang acted decisively, releasing his Spiritual Power to investigate.

Soon, an image of the terrain around the old tree appeared in his mind.

He saw that although the ancient tree’s body above ground had been shattered, its roots were buried deep underground, anchored thousands of meters below the surface.

’Of course I couldn’t have hurt it by only destroying the stump on the surface.’

"Tsk, tsk. As expected of a tree that’s become a demon. It hasn’t wasted these five hundred years."

Qin Yang couldn’t help but laugh after figuring out the situation.

Nurtured for centuries, the spirit wood had gained intelligence.

This old tree had long since developed its own combat strategies. It had even learned to feign death to survive, and sneak attacks were second nature to it. It was a real sly old fox!

"...So you like hiding underground, do you?"

With that thought, a radiant light flashed in Qin Yang’s palm as he summoned Ziwei and plunged the sword’s blade directly into the ground.

"Then I’ll be a good guy and help you loosen the soil..."

"...and let you get some air!"

The next moment,

BOOM!

Ten Thousand Swords Return to the Sect erupted underground!

Sword Qi churned the earth, crisscrossing deep beneath the surface. The ground rolled and compressed like ocean waves, instantly crushing the root system buried deep below.

A shrill, bloodcurdling scream echoed from underground.

It was enough to make one’s skin crawl.

"Master..."

Xiaobai clutched the corner of Qin Yang’s clothes, her heart filled with both terror and relief.

’If just now...’

’...I had taken one more step forward...’

’...I’m afraid I would have fallen right into the Tree Demon’s ambush. The consequences would have been unimaginable!’

"Alright, that should do it."

Qin Yang was half-squatting on the ground. He slowly pulled Ziwei out of the earth, shook off the dirt, and called to Xiaobai, "You can go now, Xiaobai."

"Thank you, Master!"

Upon hearing this, Xiaobai suddenly stood on her tiptoes, leaned in, and gave Qin Yang a quick kiss on the cheek. Her pretty face flushed red as she sheepishly turned and scampered away.

"???"

Qin Yang froze for a second, not quite processing it. He only felt a warm, soft sensation on his cheek.

’A kiss?’

’I save your life, and you take advantage of me?’

’So shameless!’

’This little loli is getting more and more out of hand!’

Just then,

the system’s shocked voice rang out.

"Slaying the Thousand-Year-Old Tree Demon in a single move! Host, you are so cool!"

"Reward multiplied by twenty! You have obtained a Wood Law Fragment!"

Hearing this, Qin Yang checked his reward.

The next moment, a green rune appeared in his palm. It was a vibrant, dew-kissed jade color and radiated an extremely dense life essence.