Chapter 270 - 269: Xiaobai: Master, You Do the Slaughtering, and This Fairy Will Do the Cackling

BOOM! BOOM!

A terrifying aura spread through the air.

Within the courtyard, the ground began to crack.

Liu Wushuang didn’t know the Heaven and Earth’s Longevity Dharma Gate. His method of self-detonation was simple and crude: directly shattering his True Essence and blowing up his physical body.

"Liu Wushuang, without my permission, you are absolutely forbidden from self-detonating!"

Thinking of this, Qin Yang gave him a stern warning:

"Normally, you are to lay low in Jianghai. Only show yourself when I tell you to. Understand?"

"Yes, Young Master is right. This subordinate will obey."

Hearing this, Liu Wushuang composed himself, suppressing his excitement. He suddenly remembered something and rubbed his hands together. "Young Master... where is our Gang Leader? Do you think you could arrange a time for me to meet him?"

"Later."

Qin Yang said, "The Gang Leader is currently in seclusion, which is why he’s entrusted the Heaven-Blasting Gang’s affairs to me. When he emerges, he might arrange a gang-wide assembly. You’ll be able to see him then."

"A Heaven-Blasting Gang assembly?"

Hearing this, Liu Wushuang’s eyes widened again, and his breathing grew rapid.

’He was so full of anticipation!’

During the battle at the apartment, the Heaven-Blasting Gang had revealed one Venerable after another. It was clear they had even more members in reserve!

Just the thought of such a scene made his blood boil with excitement!

’Dozens... a hundred?’

’Or even... ’

’This is the Venerable Realm we’re talking about!’

That scene alone would be absolutely stunning!

"So... is the Gang Leader in the Celestial Venerable Realm?"

Liu Wushuang couldn’t help but ask.

"Obviously!"

Qin Yang rolled his eyes and retorted irritably, "With so many members in the Earth Venerable Realm, how could the Gang Leader not be in the Celestial Venerable Realm?"

He said this without his face flushing or his heart skipping a beat.

’It’s not really a lie, anyway.’

’Just another month.’

’Once I finish Visualizing the True Dragon Dharma Aspect...’

’...I’ll have reached the level of the Celestial Venerable Realm...’

"So he really is in the Celestial Venerable Realm... That’s good. That’s great."

Liu Wushuang muttered, secretly relieved. ’At first, I was worried the Venerable Alliance Leader would come looking for trouble over this.’

But now that he had confirmed the Heaven-Blasting Gang Leader was also in the Celestial Venerable Realm, everything was settled!

With all his doubts resolved, Liu Wushuang’s mind was at ease. He clasped his hands toward Qin Yang. "Alright, in that case, I won’t disturb you any longer, Young Master."

With that said...

He gathered his Star Force and quickly flew away, disappearing over the horizon.

...

...

「A moment later.」

"Haha, you’re killing this Fairy!"

Inside the house, a certain little white-haired loli was rolling around on the sofa, laughing so hard that tears streamed from her eyes. "Master, you really scammed him good."

"’Joining the gang?’ ’A Venerable assembly?’ If that idiot knew you were the only member of the Heaven-Blasting Gang, would he get so mad he’d ascend on the spot?"

"So what?"

Qin Yang mumbled, an apple in his mouth, "You got a problem if he ascends?"

"None, absolutely not! Master!"

Xiaobai flicked her fluffy tail and sidled up to Qin Yang, a grin on her face. "Since you let that idiot join, why don’t you just make this Fairy a Vice Gang Leader for fun?"

"You?"

Qin Yang glanced down at Xiaobai. "Vice Gang Leader of the Heaven-Blasting Gang?"

"Yeah, what? Is there a problem?"

Xiaobai spun around, her eyes twinkling. "Can’t a dignified King Level Star Beast like this Fairy do it?"

"Tsk, get lost. Don’t bother me."

Qin Yang pursed his lips and strolled toward his room. "The minimum requirement to join the Heaven-Blasting Gang is the Venerable Realm. Look at you... a measly little trash fox at the Innate realm, and you want to freeload?

Maybe in five hundred years!"

With that said...

BANG!

The door slammed shut without a hint of mercy!

"You!!"

Left in the living room, Xiaobai ground her teeth in anger.

"What stupid Heaven-Blasting Gang!"

"It’s clearly the ’Abuse Fluffy Little Animals’ Gang! This Fairy doesn’t even want to join!"

Xiaobai huffed and sat back on the sofa. Staring at the closed door, she got angrier and angrier, then expertly unlocked her phone.

She got back to her old gig. [Heaven-Blasting Gang’s Top Hater] account, created!

The hype around the Heaven-Blasting Gang was intense online, with news about them everywhere. However, just as Xiaobai posted a couple of contrary remarks, her account was, unsurprisingly, banned again...

........

「Star Martial Police Bureau.」

Online Public Opinion Monitoring Team office.

The room was stuffy. Rows of computers sat in the center, humming as they ran at high speed. Cables crisscrossed the floor like a spider’s nest.

Rows of officers sat in front of the screens, their fingers flying across the keyboards.

"Commander, public opinion on the Heaven-Blasting Gang is spiraling out of control!"

"What should we do next?"

An officer sat before his computer, his face illuminated by the screen, looking utterly drained. He had been working overtime for hours and was exhausted.

But the online sentiment continued to ferment.

Everyone was talking about the Heaven-Blasting Gang. The situation had far exceeded expectations, and major platforms had crashed several times.

He watched as the topic climbed higher and higher on the trending lists.

And his own monitoring workload just kept getting heavier.

"What about other developments?"

The Commander stood nearby, one hand on a desk, his expression grim. He asked:

"Besides this, are there any other problems?"

"Commander! There’s a problem here, you need to see this."

Just then, an officer in a corner spoke up.

He clattered away on his keyboard and quickly pulled up a file. "We previously intercepted some information. We found that some people have used on-site photos and reverse image searches to find and expose the Sword God’s grand disciple’s place of work. It’s this..."

Before he could finish his sentence...

"What?!"

The Commander’s brow furrowed. He immediately strode over to the officer’s side and looked at the information on the screen. He saw that, online, netizens had already compared footage from the day before yesterday and doxxed Qin Yang, revealing all sorts of his personal information.

And now it had all been spread everywhere!

"If we try to block the information now, is it too late?"

The Commander rubbed his temples, his voice low. He felt a massive headache coming on.

"It’s too late, Commander..."

The police officer shrank back, saying in a small voice, "This information has already been shared and spread widely on social media. The traffic is moving too fast.

We’re doing our best to stop it, but a lot of people already know..."

"This is trouble."

Hearing this, the Commander’s brows knitted even more tightly.

After Meng Tianxuan stirred things up yesterday, all sorts of on-site videos had been spread online, and someone had managed to capture Qin Yang on camera.

This wasn’t just about the public opinion impact on the Heaven-Blasting Gang. If this continued to develop, Qin Yang’s personal life would likely suffer a major blow!

As he was thinking...

BANG!

The door to the room was thrown open.

"Commander, it’s bad! Something big is happening outside the library!"

An officer from outside rushed in.

"What’s going on? Slowly now!"

The Chief Commander was completely overwhelmed. He looked at the officer who had just run in and vaguely recognized him as one of the men he had just dispatched to be responsible for the Jianghai Library area.

"It’s the libr... outside the library..."

The field officer was so anxious he was out of breath. He panted, "It’s full of people outside the library now! It’s totally packed!!"

As his words fell...

"What?!"

The Commander was stunned. He pulled out his phone and glanced at the time.

Five in the morning.

The library was already packed at this hour...

What kind of scene would unfold when Qin Yang showed up later!?

’This is a mess. Can Qin Yang handle this?’

...

...

「The next day.」

The first light of dawn was breaking.

Qin Yang got up bright and early and flew toward the library, his figure streaking across the high altitude as he headed to work just like any other day.

His vast Spiritual Power spread out, sweeping across all of Jianghai City.

He leisurely inspected the state of the city.

Suddenly,

the situation up ahead caught his attention.

"What’s this?"

He saw that outside the library,

the area was filled with the clamor of voices. A huge crowd of fervent citizens had gathered, holding up banners and signs, with faces full of excitement and agitation.

The sound of overlapping conversations was incessant.

"..."

"So many people?"

Seeing this, Qin Yang frowned. ’Looks like my work address was leaked, huh?’

’How am I supposed to deal with this many people?’

’How the hell am I supposed to go to work?!’

’Doesn’t this mean I’m unemployed now!’

"Tsk, what a pain."

Qin Yang glanced at the crowd. Seeing these enthusiastic masses, he knew there was nothing he could do about them, so he simply turned away from the library.

Time to go home!

...

...

「A moment later.」

「Fuhai District.」

CLICK.

The sound of the front door opening, the lock turning.

"Hm? You’re back so early?"

In the living room, Xiaobai was lazing on the sofa, playing games for a power-leveling service with one hand. When she suddenly heard the sound at the door, her fox ears perked up instantly.

She glanced at the time.

’It’s only 7:50 AM?’

Not even half an hour had passed since Qin Yang left.

A moment later, Qin Yang pushed the door open, flopped onto the sofa in a star shape, and started casually scrolling through his phone as if he didn’t have a care in the world.

The picture of a lazy bum.

"Master?"

Xiaobai sidled over, poked Qin Yang’s arm, and muttered, "It’s Monday. Aren’t you supposed to be at work?"

"Work?"

Qin Yang scrolled through videos. "I don’t know who leaked my work address, but the library is full of people now. I couldn’t even squeeze through the door."

"Full of people?"

Hearing this, Xiaobai narrowed her foxy eyes, gloating inwardly. ’Serves you right! That’s what you get for showing off! Now you can’t slack off at work anymore, can you?!’

However, the thought had barely formed when she saw Qin Yang take out his phone, casually do some calculations, and then continue:

"Money’s tight at home right now. To save on expenses, I’ve decided that from now on, you, Xiaobai, will eat a little less. And your allowance is cut..."

"???"

Xiaobai was thunderstruck, the little fox completely stunned.

’Master lost his job...’

’And he’s going to dock this Fairy’s allowance?’

’Is that even reasonable?!’

......

On the sofa, Qin Yang opened the calculator on his phone. After running the numbers, he began to study how long it would take for the public outcry to die down.

Although the commotion was still huge and public opinion was running wild, after a week or two, new trending topics would emerge, and people’s enthusiasm would fade.

It was just a matter of waiting a few more days.

He’d play it by ear and see how the situation developed.

After a while,

Xiaobai sidled over again, holding her phone above her head and leaning against Qin Yang. "Master..."

"What is it now?"

Qin Yang rolled over. "I’m in a bad mood. Don’t come looking for trouble."

"Master, don’t be sad. It’s just that you can’t slack off at work anymore!"

"Why don’t we do power-leveling services together? With your and this Fairy’s hand speed, we’ll absolutely dominate! Gaga!"

Xiaobai hugged her phone and snuggled into Qin Yang’s arms, opening up a game.

Finally, she frowned and added,

"But you’ll be the one doing the dominating, and this Fairy will just be on the side going gaga... hehe..."