Chapter 168 - 167: A Heavenly Anomaly

High above the Fuhai Villa Complex.

A thunderstorm gathered, and electrical currents intertwined, bursting forth with sparks, like a thousand birds taking flight at once.

CRASH!

A torrential rain came pouring down.

Qin Yang stood tall in the courtyard, a watery mist swirling around him. The thunder insignia appeared between his brows. He then turned his palm upward, summoning a pale green glow.

This was the Wood Law Fragment from before, which he had long since finished comprehending. Now, he added the Thunder Technique Fragment to it.

And with that, he had both great Law Fragments.

Now that he had finished comprehending the Power of Laws, this was the perfect moment to break through.

He could now cross the threshold into the next realm.

This opportunity could not be missed!

’I will break through to the Venerable Realm today!’

At this thought, Qin Yang relaxed his posture, slowly lowered himself, and sat cross-legged in the courtyard. With his five centers facing the heavens, he connected with the Power of Laws he had comprehended.

HUMMM!

The silver insignia between his brows hummed, erupting with flashing lightning. CRACKLE! The thunderstorm above the Fuhai Villa Complex intensified, and the rain grew heavier.

A storm swept across Jianghai, as if it were the Awakening of Insects.

Raindrops pattered against the coastal city, car horns blared on the roads, and the world became a hazy blur. A layer of mist covered everyone’s heads.

RUMBLE!

Myriad bolts of lightning shot through the clouds, like horned dragons on a pilgrimage, all converging above the villa complex. The night became as bright as day.

"Oh my god! A miracle!"

"The weather forecast clearly said no rain today! Is some great immortal ascending again?!"

"Whoa, this is insane!"

As the peals of thunder reached their ears, citizens holding umbrellas stepped out of their homes. They gazed up at the magnificent scene, all of them frozen in place.

It was hard to imagine.

Such a spectacular sight...

...what kind of existence could it be heralding?

But that wasn’t all.

They looked around and suddenly noticed that the maple trees along the streets were also acting strange.

Withered yellow branches sprouted new buds, and green leaves grew in clusters. They flourished, then decayed, withered, and sprouted anew...

In just a few moments—spring birth, summer vibrance, autumn decay, winter death...—they went through cycle after cycle of life in a matter of seconds!

A large area of the entire Jianghai City, with the villa complex at its center, was enveloped in the blessed grace of the Law.

......

At the window, Xiaobai picked up his phone, ruefully wiping at a crack on the screen. The phone was brand new, and now it had a huge fissure in it.

It was all that last thunderclap’s fault!

’It must be Master again, messing with something in the courtyard!’

At this thought, Xiaobai put down the phone and walked resentfully to the window. He gazed at the celestial phenomenon, then looked down at Qin Yang below.

At this moment, the courtyard was a sea of blooming flowers and burgeoning plants. Qin Yang sat in the center, carrying out the final breakthrough to the Venerable Realm.

The thunder insignia was condensed between his brows, and a wood grain pattern appeared on his palm. Specks of fluorescent light lured the Heaven and Earth Laws.

’What is Master doing!?’

Xiaobai leaped downstairs but didn’t dare get too close to Qin Yang, lest he be affected by the Power of Laws surrounding him. The void itself was visibly shattering, forming an isolation zone.

If someone in the Postnatal Realm were to step in unintentionally...

...their Divine Soul would likely be shredded on the spot, leaving them in a state of eternal damnation!

........

「Jianghai Martial Arts Academy.」

「Tengfei Top Floor.」

Inside the office, the elegant aroma of tea lingered in the air. Suddenly, a violent, cold wind burst the windows open and poured into the room, brutally scattering the scent of tea.

"What is this?!"

Elder Li’s expression changed drastically. He flipped his palm to suppress the gale inside the room and looked out the window in astonishment. "Such violent Power of Stars! Where is this coming from?!"

At this moment, the wind contained a profound Law Star Force.

It was actually making his entire body tremble with fear!

’To be able to fuse Star Force with all things in the world, subtly containing the Power of Laws... without a doubt, this is the level of the Venerable Realm!’

’Could it be... that the Demons from the Beast God Sect have begun a large-scale invasion?’

As he was lost in thought, Lin Mofeng suddenly spoke up. He walked to the floor-to-ceiling window and gazed at the cloudscape in the distance. "Teacher! Come look, quickly! It looks like someone in the city is breaking through!"

"Breaking through?"

Hearing this, Elder Li’s expression changed. He hurried to Lin Mofeng’s side and looked out the window with him.

Outside the window, the sky was bright, like a white night. Several bolts of lightning surged through the clouds, and the city’s plants were growing amidst a continuous stream of strange phenomena.

"Teacher, someone is breaking through to the Venerable Realm!"

Lin Mofeng looked down at the city, his voice filled with excitement. "I’ve read about this in books before. Only an expert at the Venerable Realm can cause such a phenomenon.

Right now, someone in the city is making the final push toward the Venerable Realm!"

Lin Mofeng’s tone was ecstatic. He never thought he would be able to witness someone breaking through to the Venerable Realm with his own eyes!

As soon as he finished speaking, Elder Li’s white brows furrowed slightly. He pondered for a moment before guessing in a low voice, "Breaking through to the Venerable Realm?! Could it be that Senior Sword God is breaking through?"

But as soon as the thought appeared, he quickly became uncertain.

After all, based on his previous performance, Senior Sword God killed a Postnatal Grandmaster with just a single Clone, as easily as slaughtering a dog...

’With that kind of power... logically speaking, shouldn’t he already be in the Venerable Realm?’

"Or... could it be someone else breaking through to the Venerable Realm?"

Thinking of this, Elder Li’s eyes narrowed slightly. He looked toward the point where the electrical plasma in the sky was converging. The matter was too important to be taken lightly. He then said to Lin Mofeng in a low voice:

"Let’s go, Mo Feng. Come with me to the epicenter and have a look!

........

「Sword God Valley.」

Towering cliffs and steep precipices stood tall. Tens of thousands of streams of Sword Qi converged, transforming into a biting wind that swept through the valley floor.

Li Zixuan stood before a stone wall, her hand tracing the sword marks upon it as she tried to comprehend the Sword Dao. Ever since stepping into the Innate Realm, her understanding of Cultivation had stagnated.

She had taken the time to come to the Sword Valley these past few days, hoping to find an opportunity for a breakthrough.

Unfortunately, her progress was still lacking.

"It’s still not enough."

She shook her head and sighed, vexed. "Is my talent still not good enough...? How can I face Teacher like this..."

Just then.

CRACKLE—

A bolt of purple lightning tore through the night sky, illuminating the vast heavens. Li Zixuan was startled and subconsciously looked up.

The initial flash of lightning faded, but it was immediately followed by more bolts of Celestial Thunder, streaking across the sky like a migrating school of fish, lighting up the entire firmament!

"What’s happening?!"

Seeing this, Li Zixuan tapped her toes to the ground and soared straight up to the highest point of the canyon, following the direction of the lightning.

Gazing into the distance, she saw lightning gathering where the city lights dwindled.

Li Zixuan’s eyes narrowed. She stared at the place where the lightning was surging, a little dazed. She remembered her cousin mentioning it.

’The direction of the Fuhai Villa Complex...’

’Isn’t that Senior Brother’s residence?’

’Wait, if Senior Brother is over there... with his level of strength, he shouldn’t be able to cause such a commotion.’

Li Zixuan’s gaze flickered. She looked up at the swarming thunder in the sky, the white night reflected in her eyes.

’Could it be... that Teacher is the one behind all this?’