Chapter 108: Li Zixuan Submits, Greetings, Senior Brother

"You’re my Senior Brother!?"

Li Zixuan said in astonishment, subconsciously taking a step back and sizing Qin Yang up. "You’re Master’s disciple too?"

"That’s right."

Qin Yang, without batting an eye, puffed out his chest and continued his bluff. "My master is the Jianghai Sword God. Going by seniority, that makes you my Junior Sister."

As his voice fell, Li Zixuan’s brow smoothed.

"Junior Sister?"

She recalled the stone with the character "Qin" on it, and everything suddenly clicked into place.

’So that’s it...’

’Master wanted me to find my Senior Brother?!’

’No wonder Qin Yang was able to break my Sword Technique so easily just now.’

’Since we’re both Master’s disciples, it’s not strange at all that he has this level of skill!’

’Senior Brother, huh...’

Li Zixuan looked up, gazing at Qin Yang. Noticing the calmness on his face, she grew hesitant again, a hint of suspicion showing.

It was for a simple reason.

His words alone...

...were clearly not enough to prove his identity.

After all...

...in Jianghai City, many people were running around claiming to be a disciple of the Sword God. Any Tom, Dick, or Harry could pretend to be one.

’Accepting him as my Senior Brother is a serious matter...’

’I still need to be more careful. It’s safer to have him show some kind of proof.’

At this thought, Li Zixuan stared at Qin Yang and cautiously probed again, "Words alone are no proof. I’ve never heard Master mention a senior brother’s name."

"Since you say you’re my Senior Brother, you should at least show me something Master taught you as proof, right?"

"Proof?"

Hearing this, the corners of Qin Yang’s mouth curved into a smile, and he couldn’t help but laugh inwardly.

’This silly apprentice is actually a bit cautious.’

’But not by much.’

’She’s a bit of an airhead.’

’Oh well, I’ll play along. I have to keep up the bluff anyway.’

Qin Yang smiled, shook his head, and asked softly, "How do you want me to prove it?"

"How to prove it?"

Li Zixuan frowned in thought for a moment, then drew her sword. "Since we’re from the same school, let’s just compete with our Sword Intent. We can both use Sword-Opening Celestial Gate."

With that, she took a step back and stared at Qin Yang.

"And since you want to be my Senior Brother, you’ll naturally have to best me in the Shoulder Technique.

"After all, our Master is the Jianghai Sword God. You can’t tarnish his venerable reputation, can you?"

Hearing this, Qin Yang let out a soft laugh.

’Compete with me in Sword Intent?’

’I didn’t expect this girl to be so competitive.’

"Very well. Let this Senior Brother see what level you’re at now, Junior Sister."

Qin Yang said nonchalantly. He walked slowly to a corner, put down Xiaobai, then picked up a thick wooden stick. Using it as a sword, he deftly executed a beautiful, showy flourish.

"You’re planning to use that as your sword?"

Li Zixuan took another step back and glanced down at the Ancient Sword in her hand. She hesitated, "Won’t I have too much of an unfair advantage?"

She knew that a huge difference in the quality of weapons could even make up for a gap in skill.

’If by some chance Senior Brother is being overconfident and accidentally loses after unleashing his Sword Intent, wouldn’t it be incredibly awkward for me to see him again in the future...’

"Why don’t we go check out the weapon shop nearby?"

Li Zixuan said hesitantly, "I can get you a better sword, and then we can..."

"It’s fine. Let’s make this quick, Junior Sister,"

Qin Yang interrupted her softly, twirling the stick in a flourish and adopting the opening stance of "Su Qin’s Sword." "Let’s get this over with. I still have to go to the market later."

"..."

Hearing this, Li Zixuan was rendered speechless. This Senior Brother was far more down-to-earth than she had imagined.

"Fine. In that case, swords have no eyes. Be careful, Senior Brother."

She cupped her fist in her other hand, took a step back, and raised her sword to face Qin Yang, her gaze solemn.

The next moment.

BOOM!

Sword Intent erupted, and Star Pressure swept through the entire alley.

The two faced off, one holding a sword, the other a stick.

"Not bad. Your Sword Intent has some substance, Junior Sister."

Qin Yang, holding the stick loosely, circled around Li Zixuan with his usual casual air, randomly tapping the paving stones. He looked more like a disciplinarian dean scolding a student.

"My apologies, Senior Brother."

As her voice fell, Li Zixuan tapped her toes on the ground, raised her sword, and ran two fingers along the blade. An even more majestic Sword Intent surged forth, and the swirling airflow sealed off Qin Yang’s escape routes.

The wind howled and the light of the sword flared.

VMMMM!

With a single thrust, the Sword Qi in the alley erupted before suddenly contracting, condensing entirely onto the tip of her sword.

The next moment, Li Zixuan held her sword sideways and thrusted toward Qin Yang’s abdomen, her killing intent surging like a tidal wave!

Sword-Opening Celestial Gate!

"Not bad. You’ve improved."

Seeing this, Qin Yang nodded with satisfaction.

’It seems this girl has been quite diligent these past few days. Her Sword Intent is starting to take shape.’

’But...’

’It’s still not enough.’

Facing the surging Sword Intent, Qin Yang lightly lifted his stick. A Sword Intent a hundred times more powerful erupted from him, like an unfathomable ocean, crashing down on Li Zixuan.

The next instant, the two Sword Intents collided, and turbulent energy flooded the alley.

Qin Yang used his stick to guide the Sword Intent in the alley, seizing control of its direction, gathering it all onto the tip of his stick, and sending it right back at Li Zixuan.

In that instant!

A thousand streams of Sword Intent rushed toward Li Zixuan, grazed past her ears, and shot toward the sky behind her.

"?!"

Her hair flew about as she froze on the spot, still holding her attacking stance.

’Terrifying!’

’Is this the power of the Eldest Senior Brother?’

’His Sword Intent completely crushed mine.’

Li Zixuan stared blankly over her shoulder, looking in the direction the Sword Intent had gone. In the sky above, the stacked sea of clouds was split in two. That one strike had actually cleaved through the afterglow of the sunset.

’To have such an absurd mastery of Sword Intent...’

’Who else could do this besides my own Senior Brother?!’

At this thought, Li Zixuan dropped the longsword in her hand and cupped her fists toward Qin Yang.

"Zixuan greets Senior Brother!"

"Mm."

Qin Yang nodded slightly and said with approval, "Your One Sword Opens the Celestial Gate is not bad either, Junior Sister."

"You praise me too much, Senior Brother."

Hearing this, Li Zixuan looked a little embarrassed. "Compared to you, Senior Brother, I’m still far too lacking."

Qin Yang wasn’t much older than her, but his mastery was several times greater than her own.

Thinking of this, the pride in her heart subsided a little.

"Senior Brother, why are you working as a librarian at the Jianghai Library?"

After recognizing him as a fellow disciple, Li Zixuan clearly brightened up. She came to Qin Yang’s side excitedly and said, "With your incredible power, working as a librarian is such a waste of your talents."

"Should I introduce you to Elder Li...?"

"No need."

Qin Yang shook his head, interrupting her. He gazed at the sunset at the end of the street. "One lives for peace of mind. The world is wide, and I can leave whenever I want... The library may be a small place, but it’s comfortable."

"Where my heart is at peace, that is my home."

As his voice fell, the sunset’s afterglow spilled down, draping the distant pedestrians in a thin layer of golden light.

Hearing this, Li Zixuan sensed Qin Yang’s free-spirited nature and suddenly had an epiphany. ’Could it be that Master had me find Senior Brother...’

’...so that I could learn about his state of mind?’