Chapter 218 - 217: Liu Wushuang: Arrow God, Why Not Join the Venerable Alliance?

"Useless Liu Wushuang!!"

"You big failure, waah..."

Inside the villa, Xiaobai was a weeping mess. She sat on the floor, wailing, her fox-like eyes red and swollen as she slammed her fists on the ground in anguish.

’What happened to blowing up on the spot?’

’This isn’t how the script was supposed to go!’

’The best archer in the world? Hah!’

’And Master just had to go and snap his bowstring!’

Just then, the volume on the live TV broadcast rose.

"Congratulations to the Jianghai Arrow God on winning this duel!! A victor has been decided!"

As the host’s impassioned voice rang out, the archery duel was officially concluded, drawing to a close.

"Bad Master, you tricked this fox again!"

Xiaobai wiped her tears. Seeing the zero balance on her phone, she felt her little fox heart was about to shatter.

"You clearly promised you’d throw the match!"

"And in the end, you actually went and fought honorably?!"

Xiaobai lay on the floor, hugging her phone with all four limbs stretched out stiffly. "That was this Fairy’s private stash... I worked so, so hard to save it..."

It was all gone...

’My life is hopeless...’

......

「Meanwhile.」

While Xiaobai was having a meltdown at home, the cheers by Li Shui Lake were a roaring tide, wave after crashing wave.

The night was electric, as if the entire city was celebrating.

Qin Yang listened to the cheers, his expression composed, his gaze resting calmly on Liu Wushuang.

’Ever since his string snapped, the guy has looked dazed...’

’Don’t tell me... he’s broken, has he?’

’The Grassland Sword Saint had a breakdown just like this.’

’A Venerable Realm expert should be able to handle it better, right?’

With that in mind, Qin Yang decided to snap him out of it.

"You’ve lost."

As his words fell.

The words struck like the deafening toll of an ancient temple bell.

Liu Wushuang’s body trembled. He finally snapped out of his stupor and stared blankly at Qin Yang, momentarily at a loss for words.

’He’s too strong.’

’That last exchange is still vivid in my mind.’

’Just savoring the memory of it is something I’ll never forget for the rest of my life!’

Liu Wushuang looked down at his Profound Bow. He opened his mouth as if to say something...

But ultimately, he held his tongue.

He remained silent.

Now that his bowstring had snapped, the victor was clear. This test of strength was undeniable proof of the Jianghai Arrow God’s power.

’This man is a true Master of Archery, without a doubt.’

’Moreover, Qin Yang had clearly held back just now. He hadn’t pressed his attack.’

’Otherwise, I’m afraid it wouldn’t have just been the bowstring that snapped...’

"..."

’Liu Wushuang gazed at Qin Yang. The man truly hadn’t used the Power of Laws. What more was there to say?’

’I lost, fair and square.’

At this thought, he raised the Profound Bow in his hand for all to see and declared crisply:

"I have lost this duel!!"

As his voice fell.

A hush fell over the crowd by Li Shui Lake.

The clamor died down.

People looked at one another, unable to hide the smiles spreading across their faces. A few seconds later, every spectating citizen of Jianghai threw their arms in the air and roared!

"The Jianghai Arrow God is the greatest in the world!"

That night, Jianghai City was sleepless.

It wasn’t just by Li Shui Lake; citizens all across the city were cheering, celebrating, and chanting the name of the Jianghai Arrow God!

"...."

"Truly impressive methods."

Elder Li watched the celebrating crowds, his gaze turning to the white-robed figure in the sky, his heart filled with emotion.

"As expected of the Sword God’s junior brother. With such strength, his future achievements will be truly limitless."

"It’s not entirely impossible for him to surpass his senior brother... I just wonder about his temperament."

Hearing this, the Chief Commander said with envy, "If we could recruit him into the Star Martial Police Bureau to teach those little brats of mine, we’d pay any price!"

The value of defeating Liu Wushuang, the nation’s number one in archery, went without saying.

"Heh, Commander, that might be easier said than done."

Elder Li shook his head and replied calmly, "A man with such power would hardly care for something as worldly as money."

"Yes, you’re right, Elder Li."

The Commander glanced at the surrounding crowd. "No matter. No business today. Today, we cheer for the Arrow God’s decisive victory!!"

At this moment, all of Jianghai City was cheering.

Only in Fuhai District, a single little fox was crying, throwing her phone, frantic and furious.

The mysterious little website was now closed.

All her little pocket money was gone!!

"Bad Master! This Fairy hates you so much!"

Xiaobai lay limp on the sofa, clutching her phone with its shattered screen. She pulled a small blanket over herself, her eyes staring blankly at the ceiling.

Suddenly!

BANG!

Someone outside started setting off fireworks.

Brilliant fireworks lit up the night sky.

’The duel was over. Liu Wushuang had fulfilled his wish, the citizens had gotten a spectacular show, and everyone was happy! Only this poor fox was left hurting...’

......

"Jianghai Arrow God, your archery is superior to mine. I am thoroughly convinced of my defeat."

On the surface of Li Shui Lake, Liu Wushuang gave a slight bow with cupped hands and said to Qin Yang, "With strength like yours, it’s no wonder you were able to kill those members of the Beast God Sect. You are truly powerful."

"Mm, it was just a fluke. In terms of pure archery skill, Your Excellency is still superior."

Qin Yang, keeping an eye on the time, returned the polite pleasantries.

At the same time, he was already screaming for the system in his mind.

’You damn system! Get out here!’

’Don’t just stand there! Liu Wushuang’s defenses have been broken! Where’s my reward?!’

His thoughts had barely settled.

When,

a familiar system notification chimed in his mind!

It was the same wimpy-sounding mechanical voice, its tone filled with profound shock...

"Host... you actually defeated Liu Wushuang?!!"

’Yeah. Impressed?’

Qin Yang snorted inwardly and glanced at Liu Wushuang.

Although his expression remained respectful, his brow was heavy with a lingering sense of desolation that he couldn’t shake.

’It seemed the recent archery duel had left a significant impact on him.’

’No doubt about it!’

’I really broke through his defenses this time!’

’So? You can give me my rewards now, can’t you?’

Qin Yang kept his cool and continued asking in his mind, ’Don’t you dare try to fob me off!’

As soon as he thought it,

"Incredible! You have the makings of an Emperor! This system is thoroughly convinced..."

"Ding! Host has been detected defeating Liu Wushuang in two shots! Reward multiplier: 50x!"

"Congratulations, Host, for obtaining Grandmaster Level Wushuang Arrow Intent!

"Congratulations, Host, for obtaining the Emperor Level Martial Art, Sun-Shooting Arrow Spell!

The announcements of massive rewards came one after another!

Hearing this, Qin Yang felt a wave of satisfaction. The fruits of his labor! With this haul of rewards, his strength would definitely take another leap forward.

’Not bad, not bad at all.’

He quickly skimmed the rewards.

Qin Yang was ecstatic. He already had a good idea of what he’d gotten.

’The rewards this time are all related to archery!’

’With the boost from the Wushuang Arrow Intent, I can easily reach Grandmaster Level arrow intent. And the *Sun-Shooting Arrow Spell* is a perfect match for the Sun-Shooting Bow, providing a huge boost to my comprehension of it!!’

’With these two rewards in hand...’

’I’m practically an Arrow God now!’

’Making the name a reality!’

Qin Yang was quite satisfied. He did a quick mental calculation of the time.

’It was already past midnight.’

’Now that I’ve gotten my rewards, there’s no reason to stick around.’

’I can get back just in time to have Xiaobai make a late-night snack. Perfect timing. Everything’s planned out perfectly!’

’Time to make myself scarce!’

With that thought, Qin Yang didn’t hesitate. He was just about to use Close Yet So Far to leave.

But just then.

Suddenly!

"Wait, Jianghai Arrow God!"

Liu Wushuang suddenly called out, stopping Qin Yang. "Don’t be in such a hurry to leave. I have a few things I need to discuss with you."

"Could we find a place to speak privately?"

"What about?"

Hearing this, Qin Yang frowned slightly. He dispersed the Star Force he had just gathered and looked Liu Wushuang up and down, his guard instantly shooting up.

’We just finished the archery duel.’

’Now you want to "discuss" something?’

’Don’t tell me...’

’...you’re trying to pull another stunt, are you?’

"I’m staying right here."

Qin Yang raised an eyebrow. "If you have something to say, say it here."

"Arrow God, don’t misunderstand. I have no ill intent."

Sensing Qin Yang’s wariness, Liu Wushuang waved his hand and spoke in a low voice via sound transmission, "I didn’t come here to cause trouble for you this time. I have another purpose."

As he spoke, he looked at Qin Yang with a fervent gaze.

"Have you ever heard of the Venerable Alliance?"

"The Venerable Alliance?"

Hearing this, Qin Yang frowned slightly. He searched his memory for a moment before shaking his head. "Never heard of it."

"That’s normal."

Liu Wushuang nodded, smiling smugly. "Our Venerable Alliance is a prestigious organization. It’s not something one can join just by wanting to. Mortals aren’t even qualified to know of its existence."

"And?"

Qin Yang’s interest was piqued. "What does that have to do with me?"

"Heh, it has everything to do with you!"

Liu Wushuang looked at Qin Yang, and recalling his performance from earlier, he grew even more eager.

’Before he came here, the Alliance Leader had secretly instructed him that if Qin Yang passed muster and wasn’t a member of some cult...’

’...then they could consider recruiting him into the Alliance!’

At this thought, Liu Wushuang no longer hesitated. He looked at Qin Yang and announced in a resonant voice:

"Jianghai Arrow God, we formally invite you to join our Venerable Alliance!

What do you say?"

His words fell.

’So you’re from the Venerable Alliance?’

Qin Yang had no recollection of the name.

’But he had to maintain his imposing aura!’

’If I’m going to consider joining, I need to get the details.’

’I can’t just walk into a trap for free!’

"If I join this Venerable Alliance, what’s in it for me?"

"Benefits? There are plenty."

Liu Wushuang laughed, no longer bothering to hide the smug look on his face. "You can rest assured on that front!

As long as you join our Venerable Alliance, you’ll have your pick of Grandmaster Level Cultivation Method Manuals and Divine Weapons... We even offer many Law Insights—wind, fire, lightning, wood, you name it!!"

’That good?’

Qin Yang was a little tempted. Naturally, he wouldn’t pass up any opportunity to increase his strength.

’However...’

"Can I just read these cultivation techniques freely?"

Qin Yang narrowed his eyes, a knowing smile playing on his lips. "You’re leaving something out, aren’t you?"

"Yes, you’re as sharp as they say."

Hearing this, Liu Wushuang scratched his head, a little embarrassed. He gave an awkward laugh. "To view the cultivation techniques, you need to obtain them by exchanging Contribution Points."

"And how does one earn these Contribution Points?" Qin Yang asked.

"That’s simple."

Liu Wushuang stroked his Profound Bow and said calmly, "Once you join the Venerable Alliance, you’ll be credited with Contribution Points for working diligently on behalf of the Alliance."

"..."

Hearing this, Qin Yang said no more and fell into contemplation.

’These so-called Contribution Points...’

’...that’s just like working for a living, isn’t it?’

’If I can’t get stuff for free, what’s the point of joining? It’s a thankless job, and way worse than my system’s rewards!’

With this thought, Qin Yang waved a hand, decisively refusing:

"Sorry, I have no intention of joining any faction."