Chapter 100: Heavens! The Host Actually Broke an Array Dao Grandmaster’s Array

"Impossible!"

"Something must have gone wrong!"

Li Qinghe rubbed the bridge of her nose, starting to doubt life itself.

After all, this was an Array she had exhausted all her Spiritual Power to set up. Logically, it should have been able to delay even an Innate Powerhouse.

But now...

’It can’t even fool a slacker of a manager?’

This shouldn’t be happening!

’Did the Array fail to activate?’

At this thought, Li Qinghe felt lost. She reviewed the entire process from start to finish, pondering the steps she took to inscribe the Array Patterns.

’The Ancient Star Map is complete, and the Star Force output is normal...’

’It should be working, by all rights.’

However, just as she was lost in thought, she caught a glimpse of movement from the corner of her eye. Qin Yang was leaning slightly, as if he was about to do something.

’Hm? Is he going to move?’

Seeing this, a look of delight spread across Li Qinghe’s face. She quickly pulled out her phone, opened the camera app, and aimed it at Qin Yang through a gap in the bookshelf.

’I knew it. It seems the Array was just a bit slow to start. The real show is about to begin.’

’Hehe, a milestone moment. I have to record that Qin guy’s pathetic state.’

The next moment, she switched to video recording mode. Li Qinghe held the phone steady with both hands, zooming the lens in several times until it clearly focused on Qin Yang in the corner.

Through the lens, Qin Yang shifted his body, slowly uncrossing his legs. He then adjusted his posture, his eyes still closed as he fiddled with the Fox Pillow behind his neck.

And then...

...there was no "and then."

Qin Yang went right back to sleep, perfectly still, as if nothing had happened. He had merely shifted to find a more comfortable position.

Peaceful and serene.

"???"

At this sight, behind the bookshelf, Li Qinghe’s smile froze. The corners of her mouth, which had just turned up with such effort, slowly fell. She even lowered the phone she was holding, her Dao Heart taking another blow.

That’s...

He just uncrossed his legs and shifted his position?

And that’s it?

Li Qinghe looked at Qin Yang, then glanced at the active Array in the corner. Her brows furrowed, and her mind went blank with confusion.

’What in the world is going on?’

......

"Master, you rolled over onto my tail..."

At the nape of Qin Yang’s neck, Xiaobai whined, aggrievedly wiggling her fluffy tail as she mumbled,

"Can you move a little...?"

"It really hurts..."

Right now, she was being used as a flesh-and-blood pillow by Qin Yang, serving as an unfeeling, utilitarian Fox Pillow placed behind his head to cushion it against the wall.

"Deal with it," Qin Yang replied calmly via voice transmission.

He rested his head on Xiaobai’s plump body, feeling nothing but comfort from its soft fluffiness.

’More comfortable than a real pillow.’

"Oh, okay..."

Hearing this, Xiaobai sent back a feeble reply, holding her breath and not daring to say another word.

’A fox in a tight spot has to know her place...’

She felt deeply wronged, but she couldn’t move, afraid of disturbing Qin Yang’s leisure.

She had noticed the Illusion Array the moment it activated.

There was nothing to be done about it; this Second Level Illusion Array was simply too Low Level.

To the Fox Race, who excelled at Illusion Techniques, it was like showing off one’s pathetic skills before an expert—utterly beneath mention, let alone in her master’s eyes.

Right now, Qin Yang was just toying with that human.

’I wonder when that human who set up the Array will finally take it down...’

Xiaobai narrowed her eyes, sneakily turning toward Li Qinghe’s direction. Sensing the girl’s aura, she couldn’t help but sigh internally.

’Sigh.’

’Even I, a Fairy, can’t fool Master.’

’What makes you, a mere human, think you could possibly succeed?!’

........

「A short while later.」

The library was quiet, the atmosphere serene and elegant. Soothing saxophone music drifted through the air, and the midday sun cast a gentle warmth.

Li Qinghe crouched by the bookshelf, her arms wrapped around her knees, looking utterly dejected.

While Qin Yang remained calm and still, she was deep in a mental brainstorm, having gone over every possible problem again and again, but she just couldn’t figure out a way to trigger the Array.

"Where did it go wrong...?"

However, just as she was muttering to herself, suddenly!

TAP, TAP, TAP.

Steady footsteps echoed from the library entrance, accompanied by the faint sounds of cheerful conversation.

A few patrons entered together, slowly making their way toward Area One.

"’Oh no, someone’s coming!’ Li Qinghe’s heart skipped a beat.

’I was so focused on thinking that I forgot to dismantle the Array!’

’If too many people get caught in the Illusion Array, the situation will change completely!’

’It will definitely attract the attention of the library’s upper management!’

’Once they start investigating the phenomenon, as the one who performed the Array Formation, I’ll inevitably be implicated and could even be exposed!’

"’I have to stop the Array immediately.’"

At this thought, Li Qinghe grew frantic. She quickly tried to control the Star Stones in the corner to retract them, hoping to prevent the others from walking into the Illusion Array.

BUZZ, BUZZ, BUZZ—

A series of low hums sounded.

The Star Stones in the corner vibrated slightly, responding slowly, like an old, overburdened machine.

Activating and deactivating an Array both take a certain amount of time.

But the patrons had already reached Area One. In another minute, they would step right into the Illusion Array. Time was incredibly tight!

"’Hurry up...’"

Li Qinghe had a panicked look on her face as she raised her hand to increase the output of Star Force, her heart flooding with regret.

’If I hadn’t tried to mess with Qin Yang, how would I have ended up in this situation?’

Everything was going just fine...

’Why did I have to go and provoke him for no reason!?’

The moment she thought of this, Li Qinghe’s eyes turned red with regret. But the patrons were slowly approaching, their unhurried, light footsteps sounding like King Yama’s Soul Summoning Bell.

’It seems like it’s too late for anything...’

"Sigh, this girl’s skill in Array is really lacking. She’s so sluggish just trying to dismantle an Array."

In the corner, Qin Yang watched Li Qinghe’s predicament and finally couldn’t take it anymore. He slowly stood up, holding Xiaobai.

Otherwise, by the time this girl managed to dismantle the Illusion Array, the patrons would have long since walked into the Array and suffered several rounds of attacks from the Illusion Realm.

At that point, whether the Array got dismantled or not would be a minor issue. Having a few patrons go crazy in Area One, which I’m responsible for, now *that* would be a major problem!

’Forget it. It’s definitely too late to dismantle the Array now.’

Qin Yang held Xiaobai and assessed the situation.

’’Dismantling the Array’ is too conventional and slow. It’s faster to just ’break the Array’ in one go!’

With this in mind, Qin Yang strode toward the corner, glanced at the Star Stones on the floor, and observed the pathways within them.

Kan, Xun, Zhen, Kun... Relying on the True Understanding of Array Dao, he reverse-engineered a method to break it. He then snatched up a Star Stone, his fingertip brushing across its surface and sliding along the Array Patterns a few times.

The next moment,

ZZZT!

A wisp of purple lightning sparked across the stone’s surface, breaking the whole from a single point!

The Star Stone’s Array Patterns were instantly thrown into chaos. This disrupted the Star Force transport for the entire Array, causing the several linked Star Stones to dim!

VMMM!

The vast, dreamlike Array shattered on the spot, dissolving into nothingness like a popped bubble!

"?!"

Hearing the sound of the Array shattering in her ears, Li Qinghe, who was still trying to dismantle it, was instantly dumbfounded, not even having time to process what had happened.

And at the same time, inside Qin Yang’s mind, the long-absent voice of the system rang out once more:

"Oh my god! The host actually broke an Array Dao Grandmaster’s Array with a casual move!"