Chapter 38: Incomplete Grandmaster Level Star Force Technique

Lush green birch trees lined the main road of the academy.

Lin Mofeng and Elder Li strolled along the road, followed by a crowd of spectating teachers and students, drawing everyone’s attention.

"Everything at the academy is still the same. Nothing’s changed at all..."

Lin Mofeng gazed at the birch trees, a nostalgic look on his face. He turned to Elder Li beside him and said, "I was too headstrong back then, always making you angry, Teacher."

"Mo Feng... what are you talking about? It’s only natural for the young to be hot-blooded."

Elder Li smiled and clapped his hands. "Jianghai Martial Arts Academy is ultimately a small pond, but with your exceptional talent, you still became a true dragon in this world."

"You flatter me, Teacher."

Lin Mofeng lowered his gaze and cupped his hands. "If it weren’t for your teachings, Teacher, I never would have gained my family’s approval, let alone achieve what I have today..."

"Say no more, Mo Feng. If it weren’t for the Martial Arts Techniques and Martial Arts you’ve gifted us over the years, Jianghai Martial Arts Academy wouldn’t be in the flourishing state it is today."

Elder Li thanked Lin Mofeng.

Hearing this, the surrounding people all turned to look at Lin Mofeng with various expressions of envy.

After all, Jianghai Martial Arts Academy used to have a very average standing.

It was nowhere near its current prominence. It ranked in the middle tier nationally, at best the level of an ordinary academy.

But later,

after Lin Mofeng advanced to become a Grandmaster,

it was a case of a rising tide lifting all boats.

Thanks to the Star Force Techniques he gave back to the academy, its foundation grew immensely. This allowed it to build a formidable faculty and become one of the top-ranked institutions in the country.

Therefore,

Lin Mofeng’s return to the academy today could truly be described as a glorious homecoming, his prestige boundless.

"Teacher, actually, I came back this time because I was a bit curious about something."

Lin Mofeng looked at Elder Li and asked softly, "I’ve heard that a ’Jianghai Sword God’ has appeared in our city these past few days... I was wondering if you had any connections, Teacher, and could perhaps introduce me?"

"Mo Feng, you want to meet the senior Sword God?"

Upon hearing this, Elder Li was taken aback, then sighed with regret. "I understand what you mean, but I can’t help you. I don’t have any connections either."

"Don’t tell me you don’t know that senior Sword God either, Teacher?"

Lin Mofeng asked in surprise.

"I don’t. To be honest, I’ve never even met him once."

Elder Li let out a long, regretful sigh.

"This... that senior Sword God’s temperament is truly..."

Not expecting such a response from Elder Li, a flash of surprise crossed Lin Mofeng’s eyes. He pondered for a moment before slowly finishing, "...quite eccentric."

As he spoke,

he stopped walking and looked toward the academy plaza ahead.

A few students hurried to class across the vast, open plaza. A white dove took flight and landed on a black Rough Stone in the center.

"That stone was just moved here a few days ago."

Seeing Lin Mofeng looking at the stone, Elder Li explained, "It hasn’t been carved yet. We’re still waiting for a suitable design."

"Mm."

Hearing this, Lin Mofeng thought for a few seconds, nodded, and suddenly decided, "Let’s do it here, then. Teacher, we won’t go to the auditorium. I’ll give my lecture here for everyone."

"A lecture here?"

Elder Li was stunned, completely surprised by this suggestion.

Seeing his reaction, Lin Mofeng explained, "The auditorium is too small and can’t hold that many people. It’s better to hold the lecture here in the plaza, so all the teachers and students of the academy can listen."

"Good, good, good! You are very thoughtful, Mo Feng!"

As soon as Elder Li heard this, his eyes crinkled into a smile, and he nodded in satisfaction.

The other school leaders, seeing this, acted even faster. They immediately sent the news to all the class group chats and even announced a campus-wide class schedule adjustment.

Soon,

other students, having heard the news, began flocking to the once-empty academy plaza. In less than ten minutes, the entire space was packed.

After all, this was a lecture by a Grandmaster Realm expert.

Just hearing it would be a huge gain!

And so, Lin Mofeng stood before the Rough Stone to begin his lecture, quickly surrounded by a dense crowd of students. A clamor of voices filled the plaza.

"Thank you all, my junior brothers and sisters, for taking the time to come. Please quiet down a bit."

Lin Mofeng cleared his throat.

Using the Secret Transmission Dharma Gate of the Innate Realm, his voice carried clearly into everyone’s ears.

In an instant, the plaza fell silent.

Countless eyes blinked, staring intently at Lin Mofeng, awaiting his lecture.

"First of all, as your senior, I’m not going to talk about things like the Innate Realm or the Grandmaster Realm today. After all, those concepts are too distant for you. It would just be empty talk that would only disturb your state of mind for Cultivation."

Lin Mofeng pointed to the sky and said slowly,

"What I will be speaking about today is the fundamental secret of the Star Martial Artist. Whether you’re in the Grandmaster Realm or the Postnatal Realm, everyone acts according to this supreme principle."

"As everyone knows, the fundamental power of us Star Martial Artists comes from condensing True Essence using the Power of Stars from the heavens."

"Gu Yun once said: ’To command the celestial stars is to chart the movements of the stars, sun, and moon; to observe the transformations of the world; and to discern fortune from misfortune. By the stars, we distinguish the lands of the nine provinces, for each domain has its own corresponding star, through which we observe its omens and portents...’"

"As early as the previous dynasty, Astronomers began to observe the celestial phenomena. Relying on the supreme principle of the union between heaven and earth, they deduced the course of all things on the ground."

"And now, we Star Martial Artists borrow the Power of Stars from the heavens to temper our own bodies, in order to achieve the Unity of Heaven and Man..."

"..."

As they listened to Lin Mofeng’s detailed explanation,

the crowd in the plaza gradually came to an understanding, looks of sudden realization dawning on their faces.

When they looked at Lin Mofeng now, their eyes were filled with admiration.

’A lecture from a Grandmaster Realm expert is truly on another level!’

The books distributed by the academy mostly taught techniques for advancing one’s cultivation, rarely touching upon the source of Star Force itself.

But now, Lin Mofeng was looking past the phenomena to reveal the very essence.

Many students and teachers were suddenly enlightened, feeling as if they had reached a new level of understanding.

’Not bad, not bad at all. This trip was definitely worth it.’

Even Qin Yang, standing in the crowd, couldn’t help but nod.

Although he usually read a large number of books in the library, most of them contained very basic, common knowledge.

This Grandmaster’s lecture, however, resolved his doubts directly at their source.

He even shared some interesting anecdotes and tidbits about the Imperial Capital.

’This trip to the academy has been truly fruitful.’

...

"Alright, everyone, that concludes some of my own understandings on Cultivation."

In the plaza, as Lin Mofeng finished his lecture,

the surrounding teachers and students all watched him with reluctance, wishing it wasn’t over.

"Rest assured, everyone. Although the lecture is over, to repay the academy for nurturing me all these years, I have decided..."

As he spoke, Lin Mofeng’s gaze swept across the crowd, and he said slowly,

"I will leave behind an incomplete Grandmaster Level Star Force Technique here in the plaza, for all my junior brothers and sisters to peruse."

The moment his words fell, the entire crowd first fell silent. Not a sound could be heard.

Then,

the entire plaza erupted into a tumultuous uproar!

"Holy shit! Did I hear that right? Has Senior Brother Lin gone mad?"

"No matter how incomplete it is, it’s still a Grandmaster Level Star Force Technique! Out in the world, people would go crazy fighting over it!"

"So awesome! Senior Brother Lin is being so incredibly generous!"

Everyone was utterly shocked.

The next moment,

Lin Mofeng walked up to the Rough Stone in the plaza, placed his palm on it, and said, "I obtained this Cultivation Technique by chance. It has nothing to do with my family or Divine Martial University, so please feel free to peruse it."

As soon as he finished speaking,

BOOM!

A terrifying burst of Star Force erupted from the Rough Stone. Stone chips flew as flowing, powerful strokes engraved neat lines of text onto its surface.

And at the same time,

Qin Yang’s eyes lit up as he watched from a distance.

’Alright, alright, alright. So you’re just giving it away, huh?’

’Thank you for this gift from Mother Nature!’

’Time to start memorizing!’