Chapter 140: Xiaobai’s Abnormal Behavior, a Star Beast Riot?

Fuhai Villa District.

The night was hazy and tranquil.

After saving Xia He’s sorry hide, his job was done. Qin Yang rode the evening breeze and quickly returned to the edge of the villa complex.

Summoning fire to burn his enemy had used up a bit of energy, and he was feeling hungry.

"When I get back, I’ll have Xiaobai make a pot of spicy boiled beef."

With that thought, Qin Yang’s figure flickered, and he appeared near his villa.

But before he could get any closer...

Suddenly!

A violent aura flooded his Spiritual Domain.

’Is that... Xiaobai?’

Qin Yang froze for a moment, then followed the aura down to the courtyard. When he saw the scene, he was dumbfounded.

The courtyard was a wreck. Flowerpots were overturned, turf was ripped up, and savage claw marks crisscrossed the walls. The entire layout was ruined.

And inside the villa...

There was no sign of Xiaobai. She was nowhere to be found.

’What the...?’

Qin Yang squatted down and picked up a small tuft of white fur, feeling puzzled.

’This isn’t right!’

’Everything was fine before I left. I even saw Xiaobai playing in the courtyard... I was only gone for a few minutes, and you decide to tear the house down?’

’Xiaobai’s too timid for this... Don’t tell me something happened to her.’

At this thought, Qin Yang frowned and ignited the tuft of white fur he was holding.

The next moment...

A wisp of green smoke curled upward.

The white fur became a beacon for a thousand-mile trace. Combined with the link he had as her master, it immediately locked onto the little fox’s precise location.

...

Northwest Forest and Agricultural Market, Jianghai City.

Night had fallen. Neon lights flickered as rows of building signs came crashing down. Severed electrical wires sparked and sizzled, and dust filled the air.

BANG!

A Three-tailed White Fox landed on a car. Its eyes were scarlet, and powerful Star Force raged around it. It opened its mouth, breathing out destructive energy and wantonly destroying the nearby facilities.

"A Star Beast! A Star Beast has entered the city!"

"Run!"

"Someone help me! My leg! My leg’s been hit!"

In the bustling district, pedestrians screamed and fled, giving the Three-tailed Fox a wide berth. Many citizens were caught in the crossfire, lying helplessly on the ground and wailing in pain.

The scene was utter chaos!

The Three-tailed Fox scanned the screaming humans, stepped down from the car, and slowly approached a young woman, opening its blood-red maw.

It was about to bite down on her neck.

Suddenly!

"Xiaobai!"

A voice called out in its mind.

Hearing the voice, the Three-tailed Fox looked up. As if sensing something, it scanned its surroundings before tilting its head back to look at the sky.

There, under the moonlight, Qin Yang descended from the sky. His figure was ethereal and indistinct, cloaked in the cool moonlight as he landed softly before it.

"Stop messing around, Xiaobai. We’re going home."

Qin Yang yawned and sent the message into Xiaobai’s mind. He pulled out his phone and glanced at the time. "If you come back with me now, you can still make dinner."

The moment his voice faded,

ROAR!

The Three-tailed Fox let out a warning roar and continuously backed away. Its feral instincts were screaming that this man was extremely dangerous.

’You don’t even recognize me anymore?’

Seeing this, Qin Yang frowned slightly.

Xiaobai wasn’t acting right. She was completely ferocious, no different from the Star Beasts outside the city.

’It’s one thing not to recognize your master...’

’But you dare to bare your teeth at me?!’

’You’re asking for a beating!’

"I’ll give you one more chance. Come here."

The thought flashed through Qin Yang’s mind as he sent it again into Xiaobai’s. At the same time, he bent down, unbuckled his belt, and slowly walked toward her.

The Three-tailed Fox wrinkled its nose, tensed up, and bared its fangs, letting out a low, guttural growl.

Flames surged through the street. Man and fox faced off.

The next moment, CRACK! The Three-tailed Fox shattered the bricks beneath its feet, leaped high into the air, and lunged at Qin Yang, its sharp claws tearing through the air as it swiped at his head.

WHAP!

Qin Yang decisively whipped the belt back, striking the fox on its rump.

"Whimper~"

The Three-tailed Fox whimpered and retreated. The ferocity in its eyes cleared for an instant, but the clarity was fleeting. It quickly re-entered its berserk state and launched another storm of attacks.

WHAP! WHAP! WHAP!

Strange sounds echoed through the street as Qin Yang repeatedly lashed out with his belt. Each strike was imbued with terrifying Star Force, and he whipped the White Fox until it convulsed.

A few seconds later,

It reverted to its original form, turning back into a delicate little fox. It fainted and lay on the ground, its little tongue sticking out... sleeping peacefully...

"Tsk. Wouldn’t it have been better if you were this obedient from the start?"

Qin Yang looked down, refastened his belt, then walked over and picked Xiaobai up by the scruff of her neck. He glanced at the surrounding civilians.

Those who could run had already fled. The ones left groaning on the ground were all innocent passersby injured during Xiaobai’s rampage.

Seeing this, Qin Yang didn’t hesitate. He raised his palm and unleashed a Law. An emerald light descended from the sky like a spring rain, blanketing them.

In an instant, broken bones mended and fused, flesh and skin regenerated over wounds, and the pain vanished. The citizens were restored to health.

"Next, I need to see what’s wrong with you."

Qin Yang, still holding Xiaobai, vanished on the spot.

...

...

「Fuhai Villa District.」

Back home.

Qin Yang carried Xiaobai inside, tossed her on the sofa, pulled one of his T-shirts over her, then pried open her eyelids to examine her pupils.

They were as red as blood, as if she were possessed by something unknown.

’Strange. How did she end up like this after just going out for a bit?’

Qin Yang then released his Spiritual Power to check her mental state.

A moment later,

The results came back.

The situation was terrible.

Xiaobai’s consciousness was in chaos. She had essentially become a bloodthirsty Star Beast, and even the link with her master was showing signs of weakening.

If this continued, she would probably revert to a truly wild state.

’A Stabilizing Pill should be able to alleviate this.’

With this thought, Qin Yang got up and took out his Pill Furnace.

He opened the furnace, started a fire, and added the medicinal ingredients.

A blazing Beast Fire roared to life.

A short while later, a jade-like liquid gathered in the Furnace Cauldron and condensed into a round Pill. Qin Yang opened the furnace, took out the Pill, and fed it into Xiaobai’s mouth, then had her drink half a small bottle of water.

’All done. The Stabilizing Pill will calm her soul and focus her spirit. Now, I just have to wait.’

Qin Yang wiped the drool from the corner of Xiaobai’s mouth and sat on the sofa, scrolling through his phone. The commotion downtown had been huge; he wondered what the reaction on the trending topics would be.

He opened the trending topics page, switched to the local list, and glanced over it.

An eye-catching piece of related news was pinned right at the top.

[Warning! There have been multiple Star Beast disturbances in Jianghai City recently. All citizens are advised to be cautious when going out. If not essential, please avoid going out at night!]

The comments below were exploding.

"They’re turning on their masters! The experts all said you can’t keep these Star Beasts!!"

"Help, the one at my house is acting up too!"

"A Star Beast is a Star Beast, how can you possibly tame one? I think it’s better to round them all up!"

"Could this be related to a Beast Tide? It’s been twenty years since the last one, right?"

"Can they please keep those animals off the streets!"

Reading through the comments, Qin Yang’s brow furrowed. He glanced at the unconscious Xiaobai and began to understand the situation.

Jianghai City was now in a precarious state.

It wasn’t just Xiaobai...

Many Star Beasts were turning on their masters!