Chapter 7: Respected Host, You Are So Mighty

"Hm?"

Qin Yang’s expression shifted slightly. His gaze swept across the ceiling, but the little purple spider’s figure had already completely vanished from his sight.

’The little thing must have found an extremely well-hidden corner to hide in.’

"Qin Yang, what are you looking at?"

Xia He blew out a smoke ring. Seeing Qin Yang acting so strangely, he couldn’t help but ask.

"It’s nothing."

Qin Yang shook his head, a little regretful.

’My reaction was too slow.’

’Since the system said this little spider is a Beast Emperor, if I killed it, I would most likely get a huge reward just like last time.’

However, Qin Yang also knew that given the spider’s speed and the fact that it was moving on the ceiling, hunting it would be quite difficult.

’Extraordinarily intelligent, enjoys studying human Martial Arts...’

’This little spider is practically a spirit...’

Qin Yang sighed internally as he recalled the system’s description of the little spider.

’In that case, this little spider probably won’t leave the library.’

’Since it likes to study human Martial Arts, it will continue to hide in this library.’

’There would be plenty of time.’ Qin Yang believed he would eventually find an opportunity.

’A Beast Emperor Level Star Beast...’

’If I kill it, the system’s reward should be even more generous, right?’

Qin Yang couldn’t help but feel a sense of anticipation.

After that, Qin Yang frequently walked around the library, keeping an eye out for any trace of the little spider.

Unfortunately, the little spider seemed to be very wary.

Perhaps because of the commotion from the big cleaning, it didn’t show itself at all for the next few days.

Considering the spider’s agility, hunting it would be extremely difficult.

After some thought, Qin Yang decided to cultivate a Hidden Weapons Martial Arts technique to deal with it.

...

Since the Jiangcheng Martial Arts Library was overseen by powerful experts, the incident with the unlucky uncle being bitten by a poisonous insect was quickly resolved.

Qin Yang and Xia He returned to their usual work routine.

"Sunflower Nine Needles?"

"Qin Yang, you’re really not picky, are you? You’ll read anything?"

In Area 1, Qin Yang was engrossed in a book when Xia He suddenly appeared behind him, snatched the book from his hands, and exclaimed in astonishment.

"What do you know? It never hurts to have too many skills."

Qin Yang snatched the manual back and continued to study it.

This Sunflower Nine Needles was the Hidden Weapons Martial Arts technique he was specially cultivating to deal with the Purple Soul Demon Spider.

For this purpose, he had even special-ordered a batch of Embroidery Needles online to practice the Sunflower Nine Needles.

With his Half-step Innate cultivation, these basic Martial Arts were no challenge for him at all.

"I really don’t get what you’re thinking about all day."

Xia He couldn’t understand Qin Yang’s actions.

’What’s the point of reading so many books?’

’What’s the use?’

He had, of course, already looked into Qin Yang’s Martial Arts aptitude.

’Since his aptitude is trash, he should just lie flat and give up like me.’

’Didn’t we become library administrators just to slack off and get by?’

’Everyone else is lying flat, and you’re over here joining the rat race?’

Qin Yang couldn’t be bothered to deal with him.

’If I don’t read books, should I just go mess around with you at Platinum Han every day?’

’Do you think everyone has a rich dad like you?’

After Xia He left, Qin Yang continued to read.

Just then, a fly landed on the corner of a nearby table.

Qin Yang’s eyes lit up. He immediately took an Array Box out of his pocket and held an Embroidery Needle between his fingertips.

He circulated the True Essence in his body, enveloping the Embroidery Needle in his hand, and flicked his finger.

The next moment, the tiny Embroidery Needle shot from between Qin Yang’s fingers, accurately pinning the fly to the table.

’Not bad, not bad. This Needle Technique is really useful.’

Qin Yang nodded in satisfaction. ’Hunting small insects will be much more convenient from now on.’

He had now reached the Entry Level for the Sunflower Nine Needles.

Qin Yang was confident that if the little purple spider dared to appear in his sight again...

...it would be a one-way trip.

Unfortunately, he had been searching for the little spider’s trail all this time.

But he still hadn’t found the slightest trace of it.

Qin Yang wondered if perhaps they had sprayed too much insecticide during the big cleaning the other day, causing the little spider to run off.

If that was true, it would be a huge loss.

"Qin Yang, time to eat! Stop reading!"

When noon arrived, Qin Yang and Xia He went to the cafeteria to eat on time.

"Qin Yang, have you heard?"

"A Bloodthirsty Demon has appeared in our Jianghai City recently."

Xia He said suddenly in a hushed, mysterious tone.

Qin Yang was taken aback. "A Bloodthirsty Demon?"

"That’s right, a Bloodthirsty Demon. One that specifically sucks people’s blood."

"I heard the Star Martial Police Bureau found a body yesterday. It was already a dried-up corpse, all of its blood sucked dry."

"It’s terrifying."

At the mention of the Bloodthirsty Demon, Xia He’s face turned pale with horror. He was clearly a little scared.

’I’m guessing this Bloodthirsty Demon is cultivating some kind of Evil Skill and needs to suck blood to increase its Power.’

Qin Yang’s expression also grew solemn. ’This world is too terrifying.’

’Not only are there terrifying Star Beasts, but there are also Demons who cultivate Evil Skills.’

Qin Yang asked Xia He, "Isn’t the Star Martial Police Bureau doing anything about it?"

"Of course they are, but this Bloodthirsty Demon is too cunning. Several people have been killed recently, but they still haven’t found any clues."

"I just hope they can catch this Bloodthirsty Demon and bring it to justice soon, otherwise I won’t even dare go to Platinum Han anymore," Xia He said with a gloomy look.

Qin Yang: "..."

’Can you go one day without mentioning Platinum Han, you little punk?’

The Bloodthirsty Demon incident gave Qin Yang a deeper understanding of the dangers of this world.

The cases of the unlucky uncle and the people tragically killed by the Bloodthirsty Demon proved that even with the protection of the Star Martial Police Bureau—a gathering place for Martial Artists—many dangers still existed.

However, he wasn’t overly worried.

He had also found out during this time that the Hall Master of the Jianghai Martial Arts Library was said to be an Innate Realm Star Martial Artist.

As long as he stayed put in the library, he wouldn’t be in any danger.

’Anyway, if the sky falls, the tall ones will hold it up.’

Returning to Area 1, Qin Yang continued to read.

"DING! Beast Emperor aura detected. Host, please flee this location immediately!"

"Host, please flee this location quickly!"

Just then, the system’s notification suddenly sounded.

Qin Yang’s heart skipped a beat, but he reacted quickly, his gaze shooting toward the library ceiling.

He saw a purple figure rapidly crawling across the ceiling.

’It finally appeared!’

Qin Yang quickly took out an Embroidery Needle and shot it at the purple spider.

SPLAT!

The next moment, the Embroidery Needle landed precisely on the little spider.

The little spider fell directly from the ceiling and struggled violently to get up.

Seeing this, Qin Yang quickly shot another needle.

Hit by two needles, the little spider twitched a couple of times and then stopped moving.

Looking at the motionless little spider, Qin Yang hurried forward, overjoyed.

He then called out to the system in his mind.

’System, where the hell did you go?’

’Speak!’

After Qin Yang called out for a moment, the system finally seemed to react.

Its tone was extremely exaggerated.

"Oh my god, what am I seeing?"

"The Host actually slayed a Beast Emperor Level Star Beast!"

"Respected Host, you are truly magnificent!"

"DING! Congratulations to the Host for killing an Emperor Level Star Beast above your level. Reward multiplied by twenty. You have obtained..."