Chapter 18: You Want Me to Take a 16-Year-Old Girl as My Master? What a Joke

’Has the system really jumped forward five hundred years?’

Thinking of this damned system’s occasional crazy prompts, it slowly dawned on Qin Yang.

Whether it was the undying cockroach or the Purple Soul Demon Spider...

These creatures might be weak today, easily squashed to a pulp with a single stomp.

But five hundred years from now, it would be a different story.

After being tempered by several hundred years, and with the added blessing of this world’s Power of Stars...

No matter how weak a creature is, as long as it can survive for several hundred years,

even a pig would probably evolve into a powerful Beast King or Beast Emperor!

’Damn, this is too much of a cheat!’

The more he thought about it, the more shocked Qin Yang became!

This damned system really didn’t play by the rules!

’Perhaps I misjudged the damned system before.’

Qin Yang shook his head with a wry smile, suddenly understanding.

It seemed the damned system really hadn’t been lying.

The cockroach and the little spider he’d squashed were indeed beings on the level of a Beast King or Beast Emperor.

It’s just that they would only reach the forms it described five hundred years in the future.

These future overlords, in the here and now, five hundred years before their prime, were nothing but feeble ants.

The river flows east for five hundred years, and west for five hundred years.

Never underestimate...

’Right, and I just went and stomped them to death five hundred years early.’

’So I’ve made a contribution to humanity?’

Beings like Beast Kings and Beast Emperors are definitely a huge threat to humanity.

’I’ve nipped the danger in the bud.’

And that girl from before really was an Empress-level powerhouse.

Just like those future Beast Kings, she too would only reach the level displayed by the system five hundred years from now.

’Does this count as peeking into the future in a way?’

Qin Yang remained impassive, glancing back at the girl.

Just then,

a prompt suddenly rang out in his mind again, urging him.

"Ding! Detected Host is moving away from the Empress! Please heed this advice and quickly return to the Empress’s side to kowtow and become her disciple!"

"This is a once-in-a-lifetime, heaven-sent opportunity! Don’t let it slip away!"

"Otherwise, you will regret it for the rest of your life!"

The system’s tone was full of frustration, as if he were about to let a monumental opportunity slip through his fingers.

Hearing the system’s urging, Qin Yang fell silent for a moment.

According to the system’s prompt, the girl in front of him would become an Empress of her generation in five hundred years, with peerless strength.

’But, it wants me to become her disciple now?’

’Seriously...’

’I’m an Innate Powerhouse right now!’

’It wants me to take a sixteen-year-old girl as my master?’

’What kind of joke is this?’

’Not happening.’

Qin Yang waved his hand in annoyance, trying to dismiss the voice in his head.

Never mind the age gap between him and Li Zixuan.

He was a complete stranger to her. Why would she possibly agree to take a disciple who just showed up out of nowhere?!

She’d probably think he was a lunatic.

If he made a fool of himself and left a bad impression, it would be even more impossible to complete this disciple mission.

And more importantly,

the moment Qin Yang got close to Li Zixuan, he had already noticed her Cultivation.

’It’s only at the Postnatal Eighth Realm....’

’Uh, okay, being at the Postnatal Eighth Realm just after turning sixteen is a bit ridiculous...’

’As expected of the future Empress.’

Qin Yang mused, having to admit her talent.

Li Zixuan’s aptitude was indeed quite good.

To have reached the Postnatal Eighth Layer at such a young age meant stepping into the Innate Realm was just around the corner.

With such talent, she was second to none in all of Jianghai City.

’But as for becoming her disciple, he’d better just forget about it.’

’I can’t learn anything from her.’

...

After Qin Yang left, the surrounding crowd of onlookers also dispersed.

Calm returned to the area around Li Zixuan.

’He’s finally gone.’

She lifted her eyes to glance at Qin Yang’s departing figure, not taking the small interruption to heart.

After all, these librarians were ordinary people with mundane identities. They weren’t enough to disturb her state of mind.

She was the recognized number one genius of Jianghai Martial Arts Academy!

She wouldn’t stoop to squabbling with a librarian over such a trivial matter.

Li Zixuan tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear, then pulled out her headphones, put them on, and continued to peruse the swordsmanship manual in her hands.

Soft Taoist School music played through the headphones. A transcendent Pill Song and magnificent voices chanted a supreme sword ballad, complementing the illustrated explanations of Swordsmanship in the book.

This allowed her comprehension of the Sword Dao to advance rapidly.

These unique Sword Dao musical pieces were all resources compiled and sent by her family.

They had collected the enlightenments of Sword Dao Masters and woven them into ballads, attempting to forge Li Zixuan’s Sword Heart.

Ever since she was a child, she had always received the best resources.

Even after entering Jianghai Martial Arts Academy, she studied directly under the dean, a Sword Dao powerhouse, to specialize in the Sword Dao.

But in reality,

Li Zixuan hadn’t always liked the Sword Dao.

After all, under the immense pressure from her family her whole life, she had almost no time to do the things she enjoyed.

Her family had been in decline for a hundred years, until Li Zixuan’s generation, when a Sword Dao genius like her finally appeared.

And so,

everyone’s expectations were piled upon her.

There was no entertainment, only countless expectant gazes and day after day of grasping her sword, seeking enlightenment.

Living like that for sixteen years, anyone would have grown to resent it.

She was no exception.

Until that day...

Li Zixuan furtively glanced around, and seeing no one nearby, she cautiously opened her phone and stared blankly at a photo.

It was a mountain peak that had been sliced flat by a sharp weapon, the cut surface perfectly neat and smooth.

The wielder of the sword, with heaven-rending power, had directly used One Sword Breaks the Peak to slice off the mountaintop.

This photo was one Li Zixuan had secretly taken at the time, from extremely close range.

Now, that mountain peak had long since been sealed off by the Star Martial Police Bureau, and all the photos online were grainy shots taken from several miles away.

Although they looked shocking, they were still somewhat blurry and indistinct.

The reason Li Zixuan’s photo could be taken from so close and be preserved

was all thanks to the dean’s intervention.

’One Sword Breaks the Peak...’

Looking at the photo in her hand, Li Zixuan’s heart pounded wildly as she imagined the magnificent style of that senior.

For a moment, she was completely captivated.

Ever since seeing the scene of the Broken Peak that day, she had been unable to forget it, and finally developed an interest in the Sword Dao.

’So, reaching Great Success in the Sword Dao could actually grant such power!’

’As long as one cultivated to the absolute limit,’

’one could naturally cleave through any obstacle, cutting down anything and everything!’

Unconsciously, a seed of the Sword Dao had sprouted in Li Zixuan’s heart.

She quietly put her phone away and continued to read the contents of the Sword Dao book with focus.

’Someday, I will also become a peerless Swordsman like that senior... When that time comes, I’ll ask him for guidance in person!’