Chapter 235 - 234: Li Zixuan Comprehends the Ice Law

Jianghai Library, Steward’s Office.

A gentle breeze rustled the window screen.

The lilting, melodious strains of opera music drifted from a phone’s speaker.

Qin Yang lay on a recliner, an expression of pure bliss on his face as he enjoyed Xiaobai’s service.

"Master, does this feel good?"

Xiaobai had pulled over a small stool and was sitting beside him, meticulously kneading his shoulders and massaging his legs. "Should your servant move to another spot?"

"Mhm."

"A little higher with your hands. My neck is a bit sore, too."

Qin Yang rolled his neck and glanced at Xiaobai. "Your massage technique has been improving lately. Seems like you’re making a lot of progress, huh?"

"Hehe, how is it? Feels good, right?"

Xiaobai snorted, her fox tail swishing back and forth cheerfully. "I taught myself online," she said proudly. "Who says this Fairy only argues with people on the internet! Next time, I’ll even perform the Bai’s Massage Technique for you... I’ll arrange it all!"

As she spoke,

she stared intently at Qin Yang’s Star Ring, practically drooling with desire. "So, Master, after you go back, you have to reward your servant with another Pill, okay? I still want..."

Before she could finish,

THWACK!

Qin Yang flicked her on the forehead.

"Did you already finish absorbing the Elixir Pill I gave you last night? Are you always this insatiably greedy?"

"Oh..."

Xiaobai clutched her head, her voice full of grievance. "But I saw you still have one more. Besides, Master, you’re so strong, it’s useless for you to keep it. Why not give it to this Fairy to help me advance?"

"Tsk, you think these are candy?"

Qin Yang said irritably, taking the Bone Marrow Cleansing Pill from his Star Ring.

Star Beasts have unique constitutions. Xiaobai was a Nine-tailed Fox, born with extraordinary talent and limitless future potential.

Although the effects of a single Bone Marrow Cleansing Pill were potent,

and it could easily cleanse the marrow and refine the bones,

for a King Level Star Beast like Xiaobai, the more she consumed, the less significant the medicinal effects became.

’Forget it. I should just have Xia He come get it soon.’

Thinking of this,

Qin Yang took out his phone, opened a social media app, and sent Xia He a voice message.

["Swing by when you have a moment. I have something good to show you..."]

A few seconds later,

Xia He’s short message came back.

["Something good?"]

The sound of wind was noisy in the background, mixed with the wail of police sirens.

["Deal! Old Qin, you wait in your office. I’m patrolling near the library right now. I’ll be over to find you soon."]

’This kid’s always out on patrol. What a tough job,’

Qin Yang thought as he closed the app. He felt a little relieved that he hadn’t listened to the hype and applied to the Star Martial Police Bureau back then.

’Otherwise, I’d be just like that kid Xia He, running all over the streets every day!’

’How could I possibly be slacking off like this now?’

Just as his thoughts began to wander,

KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK—

Someone knocked on the office door.

"??"

Qin Yang put down his phone, stunned for a moment. "That was fast."

’It’s barely been a minute since I sent the message.’

’Did Xia He time his arrival perfectly?!’

’That kid really came prepared!’

Qin Yang subconsciously scanned the area outside the door. His Spiritual Power spread out like water to investigate the situation, but his brow furrowed.

It wasn’t Xia He outside the door.

It was Li Zixuan.

She looked drained, and there seemed to be a peculiar aura faintly clinging to her, a far cry from her usual spirited state.

’Why is this girl out of seclusion?’

Qin Yang mused for a moment.

’According to my previous calculations,’

’barring any unforeseen circumstances, Li Zixuan should have taken at least half a month to emerge. Unless something happened before...’ At this point in his thoughts, Qin Yang recalled the cry of a sword from the previous night.

’Could it be... that the sword cry I released actually allowed this girl to seize an opportunity for enlightenment?’

’Such Comprehension!’

’Truly worthy of the future Empress!’

Just then, Li Zixuan’s voice came from outside the door again:

"Senior Brother, it’s me. May I come in?"

"..."

Qin Yang pressed on Xiaobai’s face, giving her a look that said ’scoot over,’ then got up from the recliner and called toward the door:

"Come in, the door’s unlocked."

As his voice fell,

CLICK.

Li Zixuan pushed the door open and entered. The tear tracks on her face were still fresh; it looked like she had just had a good cry.

"Senior Brother..."

"What’s wrong, Junior Sister? Why do you look so pale?"

Qin Yang walked to the desk, poured a cup of tea, and offered it to her. "Congratulations on coming out of seclusion, Little Junior Sister. I was too busy before and didn’t have a chance to visit you."

"It’s fine, Senior Brother’s work comes first..."

Li Zixuan’s voice was hoarse. She took the cup and stared at Qin Yang.

The heavy burden on her heart seemed to lighten a little.

’For some reason, I always get a strange feeling.’

’Only in front of Qin Yang can I let down my guard and show the softness in my heart.’

"Are you all right, Junior Sister? You seem to be in a bad state."

Seeing Li Zixuan remain silent for so long, Qin Yang asked worriedly, "Did something go wrong with your breakthrough?"

’In a way, her seclusion this time was related to me.’

’But the problem is...’

’...when I scanned her body just now to check the flow through her meridians, I only found that her aura was a bit unstable. Nothing else seemed to be wrong?’

"Senior Brother, I already know everything..."

Li Zixuan bit her lip, hesitated for a moment, and then said in a low voice, "The Arrow God from before... he was our Youngest Martial Uncle, wasn’t he?"

As her words fell,

VWOOM!

"How... How do you know?"

Qin Yang’s hand froze slightly. He asked, stunned, "Who told you?"

"Sister Qinghe... she let it slip yesterday..."

"Tsk,"

Qin Yang frowned, but his brow quickly smoothed out again.

’Well, what’s done is done.’

’There’s no point in going after that silly girl Li Qinghe now.’

’I’ll settle the score with her later!’

’First, I need to calm this one down.’

Thinking of this,

Qin Yang sighed.

"Junior Sister, my condolences..."

"So it’s true..."

As he said this,

Li Zixuan froze on the spot. Her suppressed emotions burst forth, and tears began to stream down her face.

’I had my suspicions before,’

’but hearing Senior Brother admit it himself feels completely different.’

The next moment,

Qin Yang suddenly felt a weight in his arms!

Before he could react, he realized Li Zixuan had thrown herself into his embrace, a tear-streaked mess.

"...Master is gone, and now Youngest Martial Uncle is gone too... I’m sorry, Senior Brother, I’m so useless. I can’t do anything..."

Her mournful sobs filled his ears.

Qin Yang paused for a moment, then began patting her back comfortingly.

’This silly girl has been through too much recently. It’s about time she let it all out. I’ll just let her cry for a while.’

But just then,

something unexpected happened!

BAM!

The office door was suddenly thrown open!

"Old Qin! What’s this good thing you wanted to show me—"

Xia He swaggered in, a grin on his face. He had just started to speak when his gaze fell upon Qin Yang and Li Zixuan, and the words died in his throat,

stuck.

"???"

’What the hell is going on!?’

Xia He broke out in a cold sweat.

’An office tryst!?’

’This doesn’t seem like a good time for me to be here!’

"..."

Qin Yang was speechless at the sight. ’He could have come any time, earlier or later.’

’But no, my buddy has perfect timing...’

"My apologies, you two! Didn’t mean to interrupt! Please, continue!"

Seeing that the situation was not good, Xia He quickly shut the door and retreated into the hallway, clutching his pounding heart. He was completely dumbfounded.

’I took time out of my busy schedule and rushed all the way over here,’

’and this is what you show me?’

"Holy shit, damn you, Old Qin! Are you trying to show off to me?!"

Meanwhile,

startled by Xia He’s interruption, Li Zixuan’s ears turned bright red. Realizing she had acted impulsively, she quickly pulled away from Qin Yang’s embrace.

"Senior Brother, I..."

"It’s fine. It’s no big deal."

Qin Yang waved his hand, which was still a little warm, and took out a tissue, handing it to her. "Wipe your tears. It’s good to let it all out with a cry sometimes. You don’t have to keep it bottled up inside."

"Mhm."

"Thank you, Senior Brother."

Li Zixuan took the tissue and wiped her tears, feeling much better. She then asked softly:

"Senior Brother, after Youngest Martial Uncle left, those people from the Beast God Sect... they didn’t give you any trouble, did they?"

"Give me trouble?"

"With my meager Cultivation, they probably don’t even see me as a threat."

Qin Yang shook his head and reassured her, "Besides, our uncle’s actions already served as a deterrent. Those Demons wouldn’t dare to act recklessly."

"Mhm... As long as you’re okay, Senior Brother."

Li Zixuan murmured upon hearing this, her gaze then turning resolute. "Don’t worry, Senior Brother. One day, I will use the sword in my hand to cut off the heads of all the Beast God Sect’s Demons and honor the spirits of our Grandmaster and Youngest Martial Uncle in heaven."

As her voice fell,

"..."

Qin Yang looked at her silently, wanting to say something.

’But on second thought, I’d better not.’

’With a goal like that in her heart, my advice would be superfluous.’

"Senior Brother."

"There’s one more thing I need to ask you about."

Li Zixuan looked at Qin Yang and said in a low voice, "While I was in seclusion, I seem to have comprehended something. Could you please take a look for me?"

As she spoke,

she opened her palm and gently raised a fingertip.

"It’s this."

The next moment,

a wisp of bright white energy appeared.

In an instant, a bone-chilling cold swept through the office, and a layer of frost condensed on the teacup.

The temperature dropped abruptly.

It was as if a harsh winter had arrived!

"This is...?"

Seeing this, Qin Yang raised his eyebrows, quite surprised.

’The Power of Laws!’

’And it’s even the Ice Attribute?’

’This silly girl actually comprehended the Power of Laws during her seclusion!?’

"When did you comprehend this?"

"Just a few days before I came out of seclusion,"

Li Zixuan answered truthfully. "But it’s still a bit unstable right now, almost out of control... Is this a good thing, Senior Brother?"

"It’s a very good thing, Junior Sister!! This is the comprehension of the Ice Law."

Qin Yang said in a deep voice, grabbing Li Zixuan’s hand. "It will be of great help to your Cultivation. But it has both advantages and disadvantages. If not handled properly, it could create significant hidden dangers."

"Ah... Then what should I do?"

Li Zixuan frowned, looking at the ice on her fingertip. "I can feel the cold invading my body right now. Maybe I should just get rid of it for now. I’m afraid I can’t control..."

"Don’t panic. Since your Senior Brother is here, what do you have to be afraid of?"

Qin Yang held Li Zixuan’s hand and smiled slightly. "The Power of Laws is hard to come by. I’ve got your back, so you can rest assured."

"Let me give you a hand!"

As he spoke,

Qin Yang directly activated his Heart of Law. It reflected the countless Law Essences of the world, and the Ice Law was naturally among them, brought together as one.

The next moment,

the bone-chilling cold receded.

Li Zixuan regulated the Law within her body, seeming to have an epiphany.

The room returned to its normal temperature.

"That should do it."

Qin Yang released Li Zixuan’s hand. "The Law has now entered your body and fused with you. All you need to do now is focus on comprehending it each day."

"That’s it?"

Li Zixuan stood there, a bit dazed. She focused on the state of her body and found that the Ice Law had indeed entered her without the previous resistance.

It had almost completely integrated with her.

All that remained was for her to comprehend it further!

’Senior Brother actually has such abilities?’

Li Zixuan studied Qin Yang, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear in disbelief.

’The Ice Law I just released... it was as if it was revolving around Senior Brother.’

’Revering him as its master.’

’I thought I understood Senior Brother well enough, but now it seems I was miles off.’

’Was what I saw just the tip of the iceberg?’