Chapter 165 - 164: Blood Spirit Contract

"Hurry, hurry..."

"Master, hurry up and give it to me..."

Xiaobai wriggled in Qin Yang’s arms. Her soft, foxy body felt like cotton candy, and her fluffy tail teased him. "I want the Hair Growth Elixir, hurry up~"

As she spoke, a few more tufts of fox fur fell from her head...

"So now you’re in a hurry?"

Qin Yang teased her, deliberately holding back.

"Hurry up, Master,"

Xiaobai squirmed in his arms, opened her fox mouth, and lightly bit Qin Yang’s arm, mumbling, "If this Fairy really goes bald, I’ll bite for real, AWOO!"

"Tsk, I’m done teasing you. Eat up."

With a flick of his hand, Qin Yang produced a porcelain bottle and tossed it to Xiaobai. He watched as her pink tongue pried open the cork and she gulped down all the Elixir Pills.

In an instant, the hair follicles regenerated, and white fox fur grew back over the bald patches.

"Phew... Much better."

After swallowing the Elixir Pills, Xiaobai touched the top of her head, her body went limp, and she snuggled into Qin Yang’s arms, contentedly falling asleep.

Time flew by, and life in the library was uneventful.

As closing time approached, Qin Yang stood before the time clock, clocked out right on time, and walked out the library doors.

The last rays of the setting sun faded from the sky. Pedestrians hurried home. Qin Yang strolled down the street, one man and one fox weaving through the hustle and bustle, when suddenly a car horn blared.

He looked back.

A red convertible was parked at the corner. Xia He, wearing large, dark sunglasses, had one hand on the steering wheel, looking as flashy as could be.

BEEP—

"Get in, Old Qin! I’ll give you a ride."

"What brings you here?"

Qin Yang had sensed Xia He’s presence long ago but still feigned surprise as he pulled open the car door and got in. "What’s the good news? You seem really happy. Did you just come from Platinum Han?"

"Pah! What kind of person do you take me for, Old Qin!"

Xia He turned his head, started the engine, and backed the car out. "Cut it out. Your bro here is now aiming to be the Jianghai Sword God. Women will only slow my path to becoming stronger!"

"Tsk, what crazy idea has gotten into you now?"

Qin Yang laughed. The evening breeze caressed his ears as he leaned back with his hands behind his head, leisurely saying, "You’re all fired up for five minutes and then you’re done. You never stick with anything."

"Hey! You can’t say that, Old Qin!

At the very least, I’m one of the Jianghai Sword God’s thousands of disciples and grand-disciples... You have no idea! The old master showed off his incredible might in Sword God Valley yesterday!"

Xia He stopped the car, waiting for the traffic light to count down, and said with great passion:

"He tore open a rift in the sky with his bare hands, drew down Star Power to unleash heavenly punishment, then summoned auspicious purple qi from the east, commanding ten thousand swords to annihilate those in the Grandmaster Realm! Damn. It was so cool, he’s basically my..."

"Wait, stop! Don’t say any more."

Seeing Xia He get more and more worked up, Qin Yang quickly cut him off. He was getting goosebumps all over from listening, and he was starting to feel embarrassed.

If he kept laying it on this thick...

He would be like a cow strapped to a rocket—

Soaring to the heavens on a load of bull!

"The sky shattered, the earth cracked, and ten thousand swords bringing annihilation..."

Qin Yang looked at Xia He in bewilderment and asked, "Where did you hear all this? How come I don’t know about it?"

"My colleagues told me! Is there a problem?"

Xia He turned left, his voice full of envy. "The information is 100% legit! They were on duty at Sword God Valley at the time, and they even helped Elder Li fend off the Demons’ attack!"

As he spoke, he added regretfully, "If I had known, I would’ve switched my shift yesterday and gotten transferred to the valley. I was trying to slack off, so I completely missed the Sword God in action..."

"I really picked up a sesame seed and dropped the watermelon. Now I can only listen to their descriptions."

"Sigh!"

He sighed.

The look on his face was as if he’d missed out on a hundred million.

"..."

Hearing this, Qin Yang was utterly speechless.

’Good grief.’

’I can’t believe it. Every last one of these guys from the Star Martial Police Bureau is a crazy ’Sword God fanboy’!’

’They’ve really got a knack for exaggerating things.’

’If this keeps up, with everyone just repeating what they hear, the next version of the story will probably be even more ridiculous...’

"By the way, Old Qin, there’s some other good news I have to tell you about."

Qin Yang was holding Xiaobai and admiring the nightly streetscape when he suddenly heard Xia He speak up from beside him. Xia He then freed one hand and tossed over a police ID.

On the cover,

a star emblem shone brightly, with one more gold star than before.

"Didn’t expect that, did you? Your bro here got promoted!"

Xia He held his head high, full of pride. "So? This new ID feels pretty badass, right? It’s brand new!"

"Congratulations."

Qin Yang nodded in congratulations, glanced at the ID a few times, and then handed it back to Xia He. "You’ve worked hard these past few days, fighting those Demons."

"You’re damn right! Rushing around on the front lines between life and death every day, my legs are about to go numb."

Xia He said, a lingering fear in his voice, "There were a few missions where I was really rubbing shoulders with the Grim Reaper. I almost didn’t get to see you again, Old Qin."

"Yesterday, the Commander specially applied to headquarters for me and got my promotion fast-tracked. It feels amazing!!"

"Not bad. We’ll be counting on you from now on. The sky’s the limit."

Qin Yang smiled.

He was genuinely happy for Xia He.

A higher rank in the Star Martial Police Bureau meant he wouldn’t have to risk his life on the dangerous front lines like he did now.

For Xia He, this was undoubtedly a great thing!

Just then,

SCREECH—

The tires squealed as the car braked hard.

Qin Yang looked around and was a bit stunned to find the car had stopped in front of the Jianghai Grand Hotel.

"Why’d you stop? Keep driving!"

"Less talk, Old Qin! Get out. Today, we’re celebrating my promotion. You and I are going to feast!!!"

...

...

「Huaxia Country, the Northwest Grassland.」

A piercingly cold wind swept across the vast plains, snapping the wild grass.

A chain of majestic, snow-capped mountains stretched on endlessly.

A magnificent and imposing hall stood atop a mountain peak.

WHOOSH—

A black shadow broke through the wind and snow, entering the deepest part of the palace. He knelt on one knee, immediately bowed his body low, and presented a letter with both hands.

"Reporting to Lord Celestial Venerable, Venerable Duck has fallen in Jianghai."

As soon as the words fell, the letter slowly floated forward. The void itself seemed to crack, and layers of black mist began to fill the hall.

A withered hand reached out from the mist, took the letter, and then slowly retracted back into the fog, like a lonely ghost.

The grand hall fell into a dead silence.

A few breaths later, a skeptical voice emerged from the black mist. "The Jianghai Sword God? Who is that? Why have I never heard of him? Could he be from the Venerable Alliance?"

"Reporting to the Celestial Venerable, this person appeared in Jianghai a few days ago!"

The messenger lowered his head and explained in a low voice, "In the past few days, he has intervened to save Jianghai several times. His fame has exploded online, and showered with honors, he has already been placed on a pedestal by many."

"A pedestal on the internet? Nothing more than the celebration of a swarm of ants."

The voice from the black mist was dismissive. "As long as he does not interfere with our plans, he is of no concern!"

"But... Lord Celestial Venerable..."

The messenger raised his head and said hesitantly, "Venerable Duck was only a step away from the Venerable Realm, but the Jianghai Sword God was able to make him fall using only a Clone. He must have already broken through to the Venerable Realm."

"Haha, excellent! If the Venerable Alliance dares to openly violate the Blood Spirit Contract, then this all becomes much simpler."

The voice from the black mist was incomparably sinister.

"Since they’ve allowed someone in the Venerable Realm to interfere in mortal affairs, then don’t blame my Divine Sect for being merciless!!"