Chapter 276 - 275: The Thoroughly Improved Clone Technique

"Why is it so noisy out here?"

Xiaobai came over, swaying her hips gracefully.

As she walked out of the room, the living room fell silent.

Xia He let go of Qin Yang’s arm. He glanced in Xiaobai’s direction and his eyes froze, pupils widening.

???

’Who is this?’

"Holy shit, Old Qin?"

Seeing Xiaobai emerge, Xia He’s eyes went wide. He shook Qin Yang frantically. "You’ve been hiding someone in your room?"

’I’ve never seen her before!’

"That’s not..."

Qin Yang froze, staring at Xiaobai as she came out of the room.

He was a bit stunned himself.

’What is this stunt?’

’She’s pulling this out of nowhere!’

’What kind of mischief is this silly fox up to now?’

But just then,

"How audacious!"

Xiaobai’s eyes narrowed. She frowned and glared at Xia He, her red lips parting slightly.

"Is this Fairy’s name something you can call out so casually?!"

As her voice fell,

the room fell silent once more.

"..."

Hearing this, Xia He shuddered in fear, scrambling to hide behind Qin Yang.

"Who... who are you, ma’am?"

"Heh, you don’t even recognize this Fairy?"

Xiaobai, committing fully to the act, cleared her throat and covered her mouth with her hand. "You wish to join the Heaven-Blasting Gang, yet you don’t know this Fairy’s name?!"

"This Fairy is the Heaven-Blasting Gang’s Lord Fox Immortal! How can you show such a lack of courtesy upon meeting me?!"

As her words landed,

Xia He and Qin Yang both wore blank, dumbfounded expressions.

??

"O-Old Qin, is she really one of you guys?"

"Ahem, that’s right,"

Qin Yang had no choice but to play along with Xiaobai’s act. "She is indeed our Heaven-Blasting Gang’s Fox Immortal."

"Holy shit? For real?!"

Xia He froze at the words, goosebumps instantly erupting all over his skin.

’I was just talking about a senior from the Heaven-Blasting Gang.’

’And now one shows up just like that?’

’What am I waiting for!?’

With that thought, Xia He strode forward with great resolve.

Then, under Qin Yang and Xiaobai’s watchful eyes...

THUD!

He dropped to both knees,

and bowed his head respectfully, as if to a master.

"Lord Fox Immortal, this junior, Xia He, was blind and failed to recognize your greatness. I didn’t notice you before,"

Xia He said hurriedly, "Could you please take me as your disciple?"

"Hmph, asking to become a disciple now? It’s too late!"

Xiaobai snorted, crossing her arms. Feigning fury, she looked down on him condescendingly. "With your trash-tier Innate talent, you are not qualified to join our Heaven-Blasting Gang! Go back to where you came from!"

With that, Xiaobai turned and sauntered back into the room.

Leaving Xia He alone in the room, his mind a complete mess.

"The Heaven-Blasting Gang’s Lord Fox Immortal..."

He mumbled, turning his head with difficulty to look at Qin Yang beside him, his expression uglier than tears.

"It’s over, Old Qin. My big mouth got me in trouble. I think I angered a big shot in your gang. What do I do?"

"It’s fine. Get up first,"

Qin Yang stepped forward to help Xia He up, saying calmly, "Don’t take it to heart."

"No, no, it’s over! Lord Fox Immortal has already passed judgment..."

Xia He’s Dao Heart was on the verge of collapsing, his mind filled with Xiaobai’s words.

Lies don’t pierce the heart.

The truth is a swift blade.

’After struggling my whole life, I only have Innate Level talent?’

’How can I possibly join the Heaven-Blasting Gang now!?’

"Old Qin, is it hopeless for me in this lifetime?"

Xia He sighed in dejection, looking at Qin Yang with low spirits. "Based on what Lord Fox Immortal just said, it seems I’m really not fated to join your Heaven-Blasting Gang..."

"Who says?"

Qin Yang pursed his lips. "Diligence can make up for a lack of talent. If you work hard in the Postnatal stage to compensate for your Innate deficiencies, you can still achieve divinity and join our Heaven-Blasting Gang."

"Really...?"

Xia He was overjoyed, but then he recalled Qin Yang’s talent for bullshitting and hesitated. "You’re not trying to trick me, are you? My mind’s a wreck right now, man. Can I really join?"

"I’m not tricking you."

Qin Yang raised an eyebrow and smiled.

’Besides, I made up the Heaven-Blasting Gang on the spot anyway.’

"I’ll make you a promise right here. As long as you can break through to the Innate Realm, I’ll arrange for you to join the Heaven-Blasting Gang!"

As his voice fell,

Xia He’s hands stopped trembling.

"Old Qin, you’re the man! As expected, you’re my greatest backer!"

...

「Imperial Capital.」

Far beyond the city’s outskirts, a mountain breeze swept across the cliffs.

Beneath a withered pine, Meng Tianxuan stood with his hands behind his back. His white robes fluttered, and the crisp chirping of birds filled the air, giving him the bearing of an Immortal.

Anyone who saw him in this state would have to praise his impressive air.

But...

"Senior Brother, are you putting on your airs of detached nobility again?"

At that moment, the sky darkened.

A sinister voice suddenly rang out.

The Nine Celestial Venerables, hidden in a black mist, spoke with direct mockery. "You summoned this Venerable here in such a hurry just to stand around posturing? Who are you trying to impress? We’re the only two people for a hundred li. Stop the act."

"Hmph."

Meng Tianxuan’s face turned ashen. He looked back impatiently. "This is this Venerable’s refinement. What would a Cult Demon like you know?"

"Oh? Your face has fully recovered?"

The Nine Celestial Venerables was unfazed, letting out a strange, cackling laugh. He glanced at Meng Tianxuan’s face and remarked admiringly, "The Venerable Alliance’s Spirit Medicine is truly extraordinary. The Heaven-Blasting Gang blew you up that badly, yet you managed to recover this well?"

The Nine Celestial Venerables had originally expected to see his face flayed.

But now, it seemed

the injury had healed faster than anticipated.

’But back when we were martial brothers, I suffered no small amount of bullying from Meng Tianxuan. He was always making things difficult for me.’

’Today, I have a chance to strike back.’

’There’s no way I’m letting this go.’

"Senior Brother, you have no idea. The miserable state you were in when you got bombed was broadcast live across the entire internet. Even within our Beast God Sect..."

The Nine Celestial Venerables was about to continue,

"Enough!"

Meng Tianxuan was already seething. "This Venerable didn’t summon you here to dredge up old wounds! The Blood Spirit Array has become unstable. If you keep wasting time—"

As his voice fell,

the Nine Celestial Venerables’s expression stiffened.

"What did you say? The Blood Spirit Array has become unstable?"

"Yes, the problem is very serious."

Meng Tianxuan nodded, his voice grave. "According to the people in the Alliance who monitor the Array, the Blood Spirit Array has been imbalanced for the past few days. They’ve done their best to maintain it, but we have six months at most... before the Blood Spirit Array in Jianghai City stops operating."

"Then what are you waiting for? We need to fix it immediately."

The Nine Celestial Venerables urged, "It’s still too early to activate the great Array. Once the Blood Spirit Array stops, you know how severe the consequences will be. The entire world will be plunged into ruin."

"Which is why this Alliance Leader invited you here, is it not?"

Meng Tianxuan frowned, looking at him. "The situation is critical. Do you have any remedy?"

"A remedy? This Venerable has considered one."

The Nine Celestial Venerables lowered his voice, rolling a bone trinket between his knuckles. "The situation is obviously not in our favor. Therefore, this Venerable suggests we tell that group from the Heaven-Blasting Gang the truth about the Blood Spirit Array. Once they know the truth, perhaps they will stop obstructing us."

"Inform the Heaven-Blasting Gang about the Blood Spirit Array?"

Hearing this, Meng Tianxuan’s brow furrowed. Without any hesitation, he waved his hand in refusal.

"Absolutely not! This Venerable does not agree!"

He rejected it without a second thought.

’The scene of the Heaven-Blasting Gang bombing me is as clear as yesterday.’

’They’re a bunch of madmen!’

’And I’m supposed to go inform them?’

’Forget it!’

"Those people destroyed this Alliance Leader’s good name!"

Meng Tianxuan said sharply, "Junior Brother, let’s find another way. This Venerable will absolutely not agree to this!"

"’Absolutely not’ again!?"

The Nine Celestial Venerables sneered,

"Meng Tianxuan! Back then, didn’t your Venerable Alliance shout about enforcing justice on heaven’s behalf and protecting the Human Race? But look at you now, aren’t you colluding with my Beast God Sect just the same?"

He continued,

advancing on Meng Tianxuan with each word.

"Your Venerable Alliance’s so-called righteousness is not even worth mentioning in my eyes!"

As his voice fell,

"I..."

Meng Tianxuan’s expression faltered under the pressure, and he took half a step back. But he was still trying to put up a brave front. "Nonsense! How could my Venerable Alliance collude with your Beast God Sect!"

"All roads in this world lead to divinity. Why must we get hung up on this? There must be other solutions to this problem!"

"Enough. You don’t need to say any more."

The Nine Celestial Venerables cut him off sharply, waving his hand impatiently. "Senior Brother, I didn’t expect that after all these years, you’re still as hypocritical as ever."

"Ahem."

Hearing this, Meng Tianxuan felt a pang of unease and could only cover it up with a light cough.

"Is there really no other way? Think about it again."

"There isn’t. This is already the best solution this Venerable can think of."

The Nine Celestial Venerables said gravely,

"Your Venerable Alliance is the one always shouting about protecting humanity. But after learning the secret of the Blood Spirit Array, didn’t you also lack the courage to announce it to the world? You even sent people to guard it, didn’t you?

If you don’t agree, it makes no difference to this Venerable. After all, if the Blood Spirit Array stops working, your Venerable Alliance will certainly be more desperate than I am."

His words hung in the air.

Upon hearing this,

Meng Tianxuan’s face turned ashen. He stared at the Nine Celestial Venerables, gritting his teeth as if he had finally made up his mind.

"Fine. This Alliance Leader agrees to your terms..."

...

...

「Fuhai Villa Complex.」

A mountain breeze blew past.

Qin Yang stood in the courtyard, the Big Dipper Array Map spread open in his hands. He was studying the Array lines on it, carefully researching its principles.

After days of deduction within the Enlightenment Space,

he had finally grasped an improved version of the Clone Technique.

It involved using an Array for support, with his physical body as the foundation, to coordinate a self-detonating Array!!

After all,

he had now entered the Venerable Realm.

His physical strength was extraordinary. With a simple wave of his hand, he could draw upon the mighty power of the Heaven and Earth Laws.

’If I can use that to empower an Array...’

’What would happen?’

The effect would be unimaginable!

"This should be about right."

Thinking of this, Qin Yang looked at the several Clones around him. They each occupied cardinal positions in the courtyard, supporting one another. Faintly, cracks seemed to appear in the void.

"Let’s give it a try."

The next moment,

as a thought flickered in his mind,

BUZZ!

The Array hummed. A single line appeared on the ground, followed by the manifestation of its principles, which slowly traced cracks along the skin of the Clones stationed at their respective positions.

A vast Power of Stars descended,

and the Array on the ground began to operate at high speed, easily breaking through the Fifth Level limit!

"A Sixth Level Array!"

Qin Yang nodded in satisfaction and didn’t continue to power it up.

Instead, he withdrew his Star Force.

After using his Clones for Array Formation, he could now empower even stronger Arrays. He could easily set up Sixth Level Arrays like the "Heaven-Burning Array" and the "Thunder Annihilation Array"...

From now on, the power of his self-detonations...

would increase by more than severalfold!