Chapter 52: Li Zixuan’s Qi Deviation? Qin Yang Lends a Hand

People bustled in and out of the library.

Qin Yang gazed at Li Zixuan’s spot and discreetly released a wisp of Spiritual Power. It was like an imperceptible current of water, slowly coiling around her.

In just a few moments, a complete picture of her mental state flowed back into Qin Yang’s senses.

’Her aura is in disarray, and she’s overwhelmed by anxiety and impatience...’

’These are the signs of impending Qi deviation!’

Qin Yang was stunned by this, finding it hard to believe.

’What’s going on?’

’The Empress can suffer from Qi deviation?’

Under normal circumstances, a prodigy like Li Zixuan, destined to dominate this era, should never encounter such a dangerous situation.

For a Martial Artist, the consequences of Qi deviation were extremely severe.

A mild case could leave one with a permanent mental block, severely impacting their Cultivation Realm and making it nearly impossible to advance even a single step for the rest of their life.

A severe case could result in complete annihilation—the death of both body and soul!

’Tsk, if this is really happening, things could get tricky.’ Qin Yang’s brow furrowed as he weighed the pros and cons.

The situation was dire.

First, as the system’s chosen Empress, Li Zixuan’s future achievements were boundless. She was destined to fend off legions of Star Beasts and protect the peace of the Human Race.

Logically speaking, with her incredible talent for the Sword Dao, especially at such a young age, she should be nowhere near the point of Qi deviation.

But why was it happening so soon?

’Could it be...’

’...because of my appearance?’

At this thought, Qin Yang recalled the Sword Dao he had taught her on Broken Peak Mountain, and an idea began to form.

’That’s it. It’s entirely possible.’

’My appearance changed the future.’

After all, in a way, teaching Li Zixuan his Swordsmanship was another form of interfering with the future.

Originally, Li Zixuan had her own path in the Sword Dao, one that might have been arduous or smooth.

It was all up to her own fate and fortune.

But now, things were different.

He had taken her as his disciple, forcefully intervening in her life and altering her original path of destiny.

Now, the core Swordsmanship Li Zixuan used had become One Sword Opens the Celestial Gate, no longer the Sword Dao her original fate had in store for her.

’Could it be... that the Sword Skill I taught her is what’s affecting her?!’

Thinking of this, Qin Yang couldn’t help but glance at Li Zixuan’s desk.

Various complex books on the True Understanding of Sword Dao were piled up like a mountain, almost suffocatingly high. Li Zixuan’s lovely brow was knitted in concentration as she hunched over her notes, trying to deepen her comprehension of the Sword Dao.

It was clear she had fallen into a state of obsessive overthinking!

’Sigh, what’s the point of getting bogged down like this!’

Having figured out the root of the problem, Qin Yang shook his head and sighed. He stroked the soft fur on Xiaobai’s head, feeling a sense of helplessness.

’What do I do now?’

’I still need to farm system rewards from Li Zixuan in the future.’

’If she succumbs to Qi deviation and something happens to her...’

’...wouldn’t I lose my status as her convenient master?!’

’How many more opportunities will I have to interact with the Empress?’

’Without those opportunities, how am I supposed to fleece this damn system for its rewards?’

’No, I have to find a way to guide this girl out of it!’

Qin Yang thought to himself as he watched Li Zixuan.

Helping Li Zixuan this time was the same as helping himself.

He had to protect this cash cow who could net him rewards.

Besides, if he took the time to interact with her, he might even trigger some new system rewards.

No matter how he looked at it, there was no downside for him!

With just a little effort, he could achieve a win-win situation!

"Old Qin, are you still staring at her?"

Just then, Xia He, who was beside him, nudged Qin Yang’s shoulder and whispered, "That’s not very polite. Stop staring. You don’t want to make her angry."

As he spoke, Xia He tossed a book over. "If you’re going to stare, you should at least do what I do and use something for cover..."

As soon as he finished speaking,

Li Zixuan, reading in the distance, seemed to sense something. She looked up toward the sound, her beautiful eyes turning in Qin Yang’s direction, and she grew even more vexed.

’It’s these two again.’

She shifted her gaze to Qin Yang, whom she vaguely remembered.

She still vividly recalled him trying to chat her up in the library last time. That, combined with his handsome features, had left a deep impression on her.

But for some reason, looking at the two of them now, Li Zixuan suddenly felt a surge of irritation.

No matter how she looked at them, they just rubbed her the wrong way.

’All they do is idle around all day gossiping about others. Can’t they focus their minds on Cultivation?’

’If the Star Beasts arrived, how long would they survive with such pitiful strength?’

’Is the Human Race I’ve sworn to protect really filled with people like this?!’

A series of agitated thoughts erupted in Li Zixuan’s mind, battering her mental state.

CRACK!

A crack suddenly appeared in her cultivated Sword Heart. Countless distracting thoughts arose, her mind grew chaotic and restless, and rage spread through her entire body.

The path of Cultivation was already fraught with difficulty.

Heaven and Hell were but a single thought apart. Li Zixuan gripped her pen, unbearably agitated.

Suddenly!

An imperceptible wave of Spiritual Power spread out, seeping into her body and mind. Like a gentle spring rain silently nourishing the earth, it effortlessly dissolved her agitated thoughts.

"Hm?"

Li Zixuan had been on the verge of lashing out, but she suddenly realized something was wrong with her.

’That’s strange. What’s gotten into me?’

In the past, she wouldn’t have been the least bit bothered no matter how others gossiped about her. But now, she was actually getting angry over two mere library assistants?

’I shouldn’t be like this...’

’Is it because I’ve been studying for too long?’

At this thought, Li Zixuan frowned and glanced at Qin Yang and Xia He. She then stood up, slung her shoulder bag on, and swiftly packed away the books on her desk before heading outside to get some fresh air.

Xia He watched her leave and sighed to Qin Yang:

"See, Old Qin? What did I tell you! Now she’s really mad!"

"..."

Qin Yang didn’t reply. He just silently watched Li Zixuan’s retreating figure, a glint in his eyes.

...

「Evening.」

Migratory birds returned to their nests as an endless stream of cars flowed down the roads.

On the outskirts of the city, Li Zixuan slowly stepped out of a taxi. She entered Broken Peak Mountain alone, preparing to comprehend Sword Intent.

She walked alone along the rugged mountain path, dressed in light athletic wear.

Her mind was in turmoil. Nowhere in the city could she find peace.

Only here, within Broken Peak Mountain, could she feel the Sword Intent her master had left behind and regain a fleeting moment of calm.

"Master, when will you finally come to see me?"

Li Zixuan climbed over a huge boulder, arriving at the edge of Broken Peak’s precipice. Her thoughts drifted endlessly.

The bright moon hung high above, illuminating her solitary figure and making her seem utterly helpless.

However, at that very moment,

"My disciple."

A familiar voice suddenly rang out from behind her, as clear as the chime of a bell.

Hearing the voice, Li Zixuan was overcome with excitement and whipped her head around.

"Master, you’ve finally come to see me!"