Chapter 258 - 257: This Junior, Qin Yang, Requests the Martial Uncles’ Ascension

Mu Chen, the "Array King" of the seven members of the Heaven-Blasting Gang, made his move.

He symbolized the array formation aspect of Qin Yang’s many skills.

Qin Yang had been stalling for time precisely to give Mu Chen the opportunity to set up an array.

In an instant!

Starlight suddenly flared, pulling upon the Big Dipper in the sky!

The next moment.

VMMM!

The array unfurled.

The sky above the apartment complex suddenly dimmed.

"Did the sky just go dark?"

Outside the apartment cordon, Xia He was watching the battle in the sky.

He suddenly found that he couldn’t see his hand in front of his face in the vast sky, as if it were shrouded by an endless, thick fog.

Seven profound stars shone brightly, their connecting array lines locking onto Meng Tianxuan’s position.

"A decent array."

Meng Tianxuan praised unhurriedly. He looked down at the shackles of Star Force binding his body, still maintaining the demeanor of a true expert.

"But if you think this can trap me, you’re far too naive.

The gap between a Celestial and Earth Venerable is insurmountable. No matter how profound this array is, it has its limits!"

As he spoke, Meng Tianxuan raised a palm and pressed it toward Mu Chen, who was anchoring the array’s core. An overwhelming force, like a collapsing mountain and a surging sea, swept out, shattering the void.

CRACK!

A crack visible to the naked eye appeared!

The Big Dipper Array was actually unable to withst—

"Not good, the array is about to break!"

Seeing this, Mu Yuan’s expression changed drastically. He quickly turned to warn the others, "Everyone, get ready to evade!"

The next moment.

BOOM!

The great Big Dipper Array shattered, turning into a sky full of falling star fragments. The members of the Heaven-Blasting Gang all retreated, evading the attack range of that palm strike.

SPARKS sizzled and fell. Some of the longswords that lingered from the Sword God Domain melted, vaporizing under the extreme heat and turning into molten iron that rained down.

"Not bad. That array was quite something."

The Venerable Alliance Leader patted the dust from his robes, his expression serene. He looked at the disheveled members of the Heaven-Blasting Gang and said nonchalantly,

"But for me, it was still far from enough..."

...

On the broadcast, all the netizens despaired after seeing this scene. A flood of negative comments scrolled past, all of them shocked by the power of Meng Tianxuan’s Dharma Aspect.

[What kind of monster is this Venerable Alliance Leader?]

[They’re not even in the same league? How are they supposed to fight this? The Venerable Alliance Leader is so strong, I think they should just beg for mercy!]

[Nooo, don’t follow in the Sword God’s footsteps...]

[Is the Heaven-Blasting Gang going to repeat the same disaster?]

[Can someone please save them!]

The negative voices online gradually grew louder.

More and more netizens lost faith in the Heaven-Blasting Gang.

Faced with such an absolute crushing of power, everyone began to brace for the worst-case scenario.

"This is not good. Qinghe, do you have any way to contact the other elders in the sect?"

At this moment, Elder Li turned his head to look at Li Qinghe beside him and suddenly asked in a grave voice, "If they can come and help, there might still be a chance. Otherwise, if this drags on... I’m afraid those seven up in the sky won’t be able to hold on!"

"Me? You want me to ask for help..."

Hearing this, Li Qinghe froze for a moment, pointing at herself and stammering.

She was instantly embarrassed.

’It’s not that I don’t want to, but I haven’t even been formally accepted into the sect yet!’

At this thought, Li Qinghe’s composure began to crumble. She suddenly realized that so far, the only people she knew from the sect, besides Qin Yang and her grandmaster...

...were no one else!?

’I’m so pathetic.’

...

...

「In Fuhai District.」

It was approaching noon.

The scorching sun climbed high into the sky, baking the earth. The white apartment buildings remained quiet, unaffected by the distant clamor.

In the kitchen, pots and pans clattered as Xiaobai bustled about, cooking. Qin Yang was lying on the sofa, watching the situation on the livestream.

On the stream, negative comments scrolled by. The seven clones had surrounded the Venerable Alliance Leader, but ended up on the losing end.

’I didn’t expect the Celestial Venerable Realm to have something like a Dharma Aspect...’

Qin Yang stroked his chin, musing, ’Law of Heaven and Earth... so it’s possible to condense a Dharma Aspect after entering the Celestial Venerable Realm? I wonder what my Dharma Aspect would be?’

He wasn’t a greedy person.

’If even a piece of trash like Meng Tianxuan can condense a Heaven-Reaching Golden Body, then it definitely won’t be a problem for me to make one to play with when the time comes!’

As he was thinking,

A cry of alarm came from the kitchen.

"It’s over, Master!"

Xiaobai, wearing a small apron, ran into the living room holding up a phone. "That show-off broke your array!! What are we going to do?"

"Don’t panic!"

Qin Yang sipped his clear tea and ruffled Xiaobai’s head. "The situation is still under your master’s control."

"Oh, okay, then hurry up!"

Xiaobai wagged her tail and urged excitedly, "Hurry up and blow him up! I want to see a big explosion! The kind that goes BOOM BOOM... Come on, Master, you can’t beat him anyway, so you might as well just self-destruct."

"No rush."

Qin Yang put down his teacup and gazed toward the apartment complex, his eyes profound, as if they spanned across ancient eons.

With the system in hand, he had a 500-year advantage over others, allowing him to see things with greater clarity.

The benefits of observing this battle were enormous. As a Celestial Venerable, every technique Meng Tianxuan used was a profound lesson for him.

’But... looking at the time, it’s about time to wrap things up.’

......

"Well? Still not admitting defeat?"

The battle high in the sky had reached a fever pitch. Amidst the turbulent air, Meng Tianxuan’s robes billowed as he brushed away the fragments of Star Force by his hand, scrutinizing Lin Dong and the others before him.

They looked as wretched as could be.

’Their Star Force is dissipating. If they force themselves to continue, I could wear all seven of them to death without even lifting a finger!’

"Just have your Heaven-Blasting Gang Leader come out, and this will all be over," Meng Tianxuan coaxed, seizing the opportunity.

"Alliance Leader, you can keep dreaming."

Lin Dong cut him off, taking the lead to retort. He wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth. "A low-life Celestial Venerable like you, how could you possibly be worthy of meeting our master?!"

After speaking, he raised his right hand and once again attacked with the Heaven-Caging Finger. Ye Fan and the others followed suit with their own moves.

The next moment.

Seven great Emperor Level Martial Arts were unleashed!

Augmented by Qin Yang’s One Sword Opens the Celestial Gate, they directly tore through the Celestial Curtain. Flashes of blades and swords, fists and palms, array lines... all of it struck the Venerable Alliance Leader, but had no effect when it landed on his Dharma Body.

The gap was simply too large.

After taking a round of attacks, Meng Tianxuan remained motionless, indifferently observing them.

"Fine! Since you insist... I’ve already said it: all of you must die!"

Meng Tianxuan flung his sleeves, simultaneously scanning his surroundings and carefully sensing for Star Force, shouting,

"Heaven-Blasting Gang Leader! Are you still not coming out!? If you don’t show yourself, all your precious disciples will be dead!"

Yet, there was still no response.

"Heh, give it up."

Lin Dong gave a carefree laugh. "Even if you scream your lungs out, our master wouldn’t show himself for someone like you!"

"Why?"

Meng Tianxuan suddenly asked, "Is it just because I am forcing your hand?"

"Wrong! Haha, after all this time, you still don’t get it?"

Lin Dong roared with laughter. Though his aura was in disarray, he looked down on Meng Tianxuan from a superior position and said slowly,

"Forcing us is one thing, but that’s not the main reason."

"Then why is it?"

Meng Tianxuan frowned.

"Because you’re not worthy!"

Qin Yang added, delivering the killing blow.

The moment the words fell.

BOOM!

"What did you say!?"

Meng Tianxuan trembled all over. His massive, Heaven-Reaching body shook, his very soul struck by those words. Everyone could see the immense impact the statement had on him!

’I’m not worthy!?’

’My methods are heaven-defying! I crushed seven Venerables from the Heaven-Blasting Gang with my bare hands... and that’s still not worthy?’

’I can’t even get a single meeting with the Heaven-Blasting Gang Leader?!’

"Impossible! You brat! How dare you disrupt my Dao Heart!"

Meng Tianxuan was horrified, but he quickly composed himself and regained his calm. He stomped his foot lightly, shaking the very foundations of Jianghai City to conceal his shock.

"Tsk, still a little bit off."

Qin Yang, watching the battle, saw this and frowned. Although Meng Tianxuan’s emotional weakness was fleeting, he had still managed to catch it.

’But this second time I broke his defense, it still wasn’t enough to trigger the system’s reward!’

’What a pity...’

After putting on such a long show, he was still one step short. Qin Yang sighed with regret as he saw Meng Tianxuan float forward in the air and begin to wrap things up.

"Fine. Since the Heaven-Blasting Gang Leader isn’t coming..."

Meng Tianxuan swept his gaze over the group, no longer intending to delay. With his hands behind his back, he said slowly, "Then it’s time for you to be on your way."

However, as his words fell,

The Heaven-Blasting Gang’s reaction stunned him.

There was no fear on their faces. They seemed to have been prepared all along. Lin Dong, who was in the lead, even smiled nonchalantly.

"The old geezer is right. It is time for us to be on our way,"

Ye Fan nodded.

"I respectfully invite you, my martial uncles!"

Qin Yang bowed to Lin Dong and the others, displaying a calm and composed demeanor. "This junior is here to request your ascension!"

Meng Tianxuan: "???"

To an outsider, the whole affair was so absurd it was comical, a bizarre mockery of filial piety. But Meng Tianxuan, standing opposite them, did not dare to underestimate it. His expression grew three parts more solemn.

For no other reason!

Because this group was truly insane.

The Heaven-Blasting Gang seemed to enjoy their faith in self-destruction, as if there were some secret behind it. All of them were fearless in the face of death.

While Meng Tianxuan was lost in thought.

"Junior brothers, this senior brother will go on ahead!"

Lin Dong glanced back at the others from the Heaven-Blasting Gang, gave a calm, smiling farewell, and then took a step forward.

The next moment.

With a single stride, he warped space, covering hundreds of steps in an instant under the brilliant sun. He appeared right in front of the Venerable Alliance Leader, face to face, as composed as an old friend seeing him after a long time!

"You lunatic!!!"

Meng Tianxuan’s face drained of color. He trembled all over. Seeing Lin Dong right in front of him, an immense terror exploded in his heart, shooting straight up his spine to the crown of his head!

Immediately, the charging Lin Dong held his breath. His skin began to crack and split open, and wisps of starlight leaked out from his body.

"Self-destruction again!?"