Chapter 230 - 229: Rebellious Disciple

’Well now, hiding a mistress in a golden house, are we!?’

Outside the door, Li Qinghe and Xiaobai stood frozen like a pair of statues, staring wide-eyed at each other.

The moment she glanced at Qin Yang, everything clicked into place!

No wonder that Qin guy had never been the least bit tempted before, no matter how she tried to entice him, threaten him, or even offer herself to him.

He always acted like some unworldly master, devoid of all desire.

’And back then, I actually fell for his nonsense!!’

’Devoid of desire? What a joke!’

’And this is the result?!’

She had been depressed for days, thinking she wasn’t beautiful enough.

’So it wasn’t that I’m not beautiful, I just wasn’t catering to his specific tastes.’

Thinking of this, Li Qinghe shook her head and sighed. She looked at the pitiful Xiaobai before her, with her chubby, rosy cheeks and tear-stained face, and the tail behind her.

’Good grief.’

’So this is what that Qin guy is into.’

’Animal ears, a fox tail... Tsk, tsk. His games are a little too kinky.’

’No wonder even my sister Zixuan couldn’t catch his eye. That Qin guy has a thing for flat chests...’

Just as Li Qinghe was lost in thought,

"What are you spacing out for? Don’t just stand there, change your shoes and come in!"

Qin Yang placed his phone on the coffee table. Seeing her frozen in place, he waved her over. "Do you need your master to personally invite you in?"

Then, he turned to Xiaobai. "You too, Xiaobai... Go get all that wellness floral tea I had set aside."

As soon as he finished speaking,

"Hmph! You sanctimonious hypocrite!"

Li Qinghe shot Qin Yang a glare, her heart full of contempt. Recalling her earlier deductions, she ignored him and instead crouched down in front of Xiaobai, reaching out to wipe the tears from her face.

"Little sister, don’t cry. Here, tell me."

She comforted her in a soft voice, "Did that Qin guy bully you? Don’t worry, I’ll definitely stand up for you!"

"Hm?"

Hearing this, Xiaobai lifted her small face, slightly stunned. Looking at the gentle Li Qinghe, she felt a little touched.

’Comforting this Fairy?’

’This dumb disciple of Master’s looks...’

’...not as bad as I thought.’

’At least she’s perceptive.’

But soon, Xiaobai had a second thought. Mulling over what Li Qinghe had just said, she smacked her lips. Something didn’t feel right.

’Wait a minute...’

’That’s not right!’

’What do you mean, "little sister"?’

’Back when this Fairy began her Cultivation, you hadn’t even been born! Even if I cut my age in half, I’d still be several times older than you, yet you dare call me "little sister"?!’

’This bad woman is shamelessly taking advantage of this Fairy’s seniority!’

At this thought, Xiaobai instantly bared her teeth and took a fierce step back. But with her red-rimmed eyes, she only managed to look adorably fierce.

It just made her look all the more endearing...

"Don’t be scared, little sister."

Seeing this, Li Qinghe’s heart softened, feeling like it was about to melt. She pulled Xiaobai into an embrace to comfort her. "That Qin guy must have abducted you, right? Don’t be afraid. I’ll protect you from now on. I’ll never let him bully you again!"

"Hmph...?"

Hearing this, Xiaobai silently retracted her earlier touched feelings.

She gave Li Qinghe a look like she was staring at an idiot, then turned on her heel and ran straight back to the kitchen.

She paid Li Qinghe no more mind.

"Uh..."

Li Qinghe stood there in bewilderment, watching her retreating back and muttering, "Why did she run off?"

"What are you still standing there for? Get in here. Stop making such a fuss."

Qin Yang had watched the entire interaction with great interest. "Didn’t you want to see your Grandmaster?"His words snapped Li Qinghe out of her daze.

She slowly walked over, her eyes fixed on Qin Yang with a look of utter contempt, as if to say, ’I’ve seen right through you!’

’Don’t pretend anymore!’

"What’s with that look?"

Qin Yang raised an eyebrow and asked with a smile, "Got a problem?"

"Hmph, stop acting, Master!"

Li Qinghe crossed her arms, crossed her long, slender legs, and sank onto the sofa. "I never thought you were this kind of person."

"Hm?"

Qin Yang chuckled and nonchalantly asked back, "And what kind of person is your master?"

He didn’t even need to think about it. After seeing what just happened, he knew this silly girl had mistaken Xiaobai for someone else again.

’Classic Li Family thinking, passed down through the generations.’

Her reaction was identical to Li Zixuan’s last time. Back then, he had been flustered and inexperienced, but now that he’d been through it once, he wasn’t in a hurry. He could have some fun teasing Li Qinghe.

Just imagining the look of mortified frustration on her face when she learned the truth...

...was something to look forward to.

"Do you have anything to say for yourself?"

Li Qinghe frowned and gestured toward the kitchen where Xiaobai was making tea. "The evidence and the witness are right here. I never would have thought, that Qin guy... that you’d be into this kind of thing.

"If my sister Zixuan finds out, let’s see how you explain yourself then!"

"Think whatever you want."

Qin Yang shrugged, casually toying with her. "But if you still want to see your Grandmaster, you’d better start acting normal!"

"After all, I’m the one holding all the cards right now."

"I..."

Hearing this, Li Qinghe was at a loss for words, her entire demeanor instantly deflating.

The sudden appearance of the little loli had made her lose her head. Now she realized that the Qin guy still held all the power.

She had worked so hard to get this chance to meet her Grandmaster.

She was just one step away from successfully raising her seniority!

If it all fell apart because of this, it would be a catastrophic loss!

"So? Have you figured it out yet?"

Qin Yang narrowed his eyes, a smirk playing on his lips as he looked at Li Qinghe. "Wouldn’t you say your master has a point?"

"Master—"

Li Qinghe’s expression changed in a flash. She sidled up to Qin Yang and said coyly, "Your disciple was just too emotional earlier. I offended you, Master. I’m sorry."

"Hmph. That’s more like it."

...

「And at the same time.」

In the kitchen, the wellness floral tea swirled in the pot.

Xiaobai stood on a stool, her fox ears perked up, clearly hearing everything outside. She frowned, and the hand stirring the tea paused for a moment.

’The walls have ears.’

Of course, she had heard every word Li Qinghe said.

’She’s actually trying to suck up to Master like this Fairy does?!’

’What a bad woman!’

’I’ll salt you to death, you bad woman!’

"Here, have some tea."

Xiaobai shook a spoonful of salt into the cup. Then, with a devious smirk, she carried the teacup over and personally presented it to Li Qinghe. A smile tugged at her lips as she repeated earnestly:

"Here, drink your tea!"

The bottom was coated in white salt.

"Thank you, little sister."

Li Qinghe took the tea from Xiaobai, a flicker of pity in her heart.

GULP.

She downed the wellness floral tea in one go.

She smacked her lips, tasting it.

The next moment.

Li Qinghe’s beautiful eyes flew wide open.

The unbearably salty taste shot straight up her nose!

She nearly spat it out.

’No, I have to hold it in!’

Li Qinghe forced herself to hold it in, her cheeks puffed out. She glanced at Qin Yang beside her, who still looked completely calm. If she spat out the tea now, her grand plan to raise her seniority would be ruined!

"What’s wrong? Does it not taste good?"

Xiaobai narrowed her eyes, a crafty smile on her face. She emphasized mischievously, "This is floral tea personally grown by Master’s master, you know!"

"It’s... it’s delicious."

Hearing this, Li Qinghe forced herself to swallow the tea in her mouth and looked at Qin Yang. "Master, when can I see Grandmaster?"

"See? You’re getting impatient again!"

"Sigh, fine."

Seeing her state, Qin Yang sighed. Just like how he had fooled Li Zixuan last time, he pointed to the guest room door and said:

"Your Grandmaster is in there. Go see for yourself."

The moment he finished speaking,

Li Qinghe shot up and left without a second glance, rushing toward the door. Her heart began to pound, and the hand holding the gift bag trembled slightly.

After all this time.

She was finally going to meet her Grandmaster!

’Stay calm. Absolutely do not panic.’

Li Qinghe arrived at the guest room door and took a deep breath.

She pushed the door open and went inside.

Inside the guest room,

it was dim. Incense smoke curled through the air. In the very center sat Qin Yang in a black robe, cross-legged on a meditation cushion, breathing in a steady rhythm.

A rumbling, thunder-like hum echoed.

A vast amount of Heaven and Earth Spiritual Qi was being drawn in and gathered, converging entirely into his abdomen. His black robes billowed as if in a strong wind.

"Grandmaster?"

Seeing this, Li Qinghe called out cautiously, afraid to disturb the person inside.

A few breaths later,

the aura in the room calmed.

"Mm."

Qin Yang slowly opened his eyes. He sized up Li Qinghe and spoke in a deep voice, "You must be Qinghe?"

His voice seemed to echo in layers, as ethereal as smoke.

"Ye... Yes, Grandmaster. Disciple Li Qinghe pays her respects to Grandmaster!"

Li Qinghe bowed deeply. Meeting the Sword God for the first time, she felt her whole body tremble, her legs going soft.

"Enough. There’s no need for such formalities."

Qin Yang waved his hand, cutting her off. "Since you are under my tutelage, we will dispense with the formalities. There’s no need to worry about such tedious etiquette."

"O... okay."

Li Qinghe nodded lightly, secretly breathing a sigh of relief. She then opened the gift bag she had brought with her.

"Grandmaster, this is a gift your disciple had someone procure specially. Please take a look. It’s just a small token of my esteem."

With that,

she took out an exquisite little box and opened it for him to see.

Inside the box,

was a pool of black liquid shimmering with a metallic luster.

"This is Wumu Gold from the Great Prairie. It’s priceless and has no market. Your disciple spent a great fortune just to obtain this small amount. Please consider it a show of my filial respect, Grandmaster."

"..."

Qin Yang fell silent as he looked at the gift she brought.

’This...’

’Should I accept it or not?’

’This portion of Wumu Gold is only palm-sized. It isn’t even as much as the branches I burned earlier!’

But on second thought, Qin Yang sighed.

’Oh, well.’

’In any case...’

’...it’s the thought that counts, right?’

The gift might be small, but the sentiment was heavy. Since Li Qinghe had gone to the trouble of bringing it, it wouldn’t be right for him to refuse.

Thinking this, Qin Yang nodded.

"Not bad. You are thoughtful. Give this to your master later. In light of your sincerity... your Grandmaster will bestow upon you an Array Technique Dharma Gate. Go back and cultivate it well."

As soon as he spoke,

Li Qinghe was overjoyed.

’He’s already going to pass on his teachings?’

’Grandmaster is so approachable!’

’How can such a good Grandmaster be deceived by that Qin guy?!’

’No, I have to tattle on him!’

At this thought, Li Qinghe grew bolder. She took a furtive step back, closing the gap in the doorway to make sure their voices wouldn’t carry.

Then she took a step forward.

And tattled directly!

"Grandmaster, you have no idea! That Qin guy is greedy and lecherous, and he even abducts little lolis!"

"???"

A vein bulged on Qin Yang’s forehead.

In that instant, he silently took back his earlier thoughts.

’Alright.’

’This dumb girl is as foolish as ever.’

Li Qinghe didn’t notice the drop in temperature and continued to babble on, tearfully badmouthing the Qin guy.

Qin Yang waved his hand. "Alright, that’s enough. I understand."

"?"

Li Qinghe paused.

’You understand?’

’I’m not even finished talking!’

But then she remembered her real goal was to become his disciple. Li Qinghe quickly knelt on the floor. "I heard my sister Zixuan is also your disciple. My talent for Arrays is outstanding. Could you take me as your disciple too...?"

Qin Yang: "..."

’You just finished badmouthing me, and now you want me to take you as a disciple?!’

’This rebellious disciple!’

At that moment, he was suddenly struck with the urge to kill Li Qinghe with a single palm strike!

’Forget it. I can’t reveal my identity.’

Qin Yang suppressed the twitching at the corner of his mouth. With a wave of his hand, he directly activated the Space Law.

The next moment,

the chattering Li Qinghe frowned. The Star Force in the room erupted violently, but before she could even react, she found herself back in the living room.

Li Qinghe: ???