Chapter 175 - 174: Heaven and Earth’s Longevity? Self-Destructive Secret Technique? Are You Cursing Your Master to Die an Early Death?

"Master, I’m begging you!!!"

In their slacking-off corner, Li Qinghe was at her wit’s end. Throwing caution to the wind, she half-knelt on the ground, shaking Qin Yang’s arm.

She was starting to fall apart.

’This guy Qin is truly impossible!’

He won’t take money.

He can’t be seduced.

All he really wants to do is slack off and lie flat!

’What am I supposed to do?!’

"Just grant this disciple an Innate Pill... I’ll do anything!"

Li Qinghe whispered, "Just one. Nothing else."

"You’ll really do anything?"

Qin Yang raised an eyebrow, glancing at her.

"Mhm!"

Hearing this, Li Qinghe’s eyes lit up. "I’ll do anything!" she said, overjoyed.

"Alright, then I, your master, will give you a task!"

A faint smile played on Qin Yang’s lips as he said, "First, go break through to the Innate Realm. Once you succeed, I’ll give you the Innate Pill!"

As soon as he finished speaking...

"..."

Li Qinghe’s expression froze, the smile that had just blossomed on her face turning stiff.

???

’Break through to the Innate Realm...’

’And then I get an Innate Pill?’

’Wait a minute, without an Innate Pill, how am I supposed to break through to the Innate Realm?!’

’And even taking a massive step back—’

’if I did manage to break through to the Innate Realm...’

’what would I need your pill for?!’

’You bastard Qin, so this is how you want to play!’

"You!!"

Li Qinghe’s face darkened completely. Her voice, ice-cold, seemed to be squeezed through clenched teeth, and she glared at Qin Yang as if she wanted to eat him alive.

"Whoa, why are you staring at me like that? Weren’t you the one who said..."

Qin Yang chuckled, a teasing look on his face. "Since you’d do anything, is there a problem with your master telling you to break through to the Innate Realm? You should be glad I’m not telling you to reach the Venerable Realm!"

As he finished speaking, Li Qinghe pouted, suddenly displeased.

One had to understand,

the gap between the Postnatal and Innate Realms was immense, a threshold as wide as an ocean and as high as a mountain.

Even Li Zixuan, who broke through last time, had to put in a great deal of effort.

Her original conservative estimate was that it would take at least half a month, with no guarantee of success, requiring multiple attempts to breach the barrier.

If Qin Yang hadn’t provided the Innate Pill, even if Li Zixuan could have broken through, it would have taken her at least that half a month...

All that back and forth would have been a huge hassle!

Besides,

’if someone with her peak cultivation talent took that long... then my ordinary cultivation talent is hardly worth mentioning!’

’Tragic!’

’This is too painful to watch.’

At this thought, Li Qinghe sighed, staring at Qin Yang, who was sitting on a stool.

’When you’re under someone else’s roof, you have to bow your head!’

’I have to find a way to butter this guy Qin up and get that Innate Pill!’

With that in mind,

Li Qinghe flipped her hand over and retrieved an ancient book from her Star Ring, respectfully presenting it to Qin Yang. She said in a low voice,

"Master, what if... I trade you this for it?"

"What’s this?"

Qin Yang took the ancient book and glanced at it with interest.

The cover was yellowed like a withered leaf, and the spine was cracked, exuding an air of antiquity. The title was written in four conspicuous, large characters in Small Seal script—

*Heaven and Earth’s Longevity*

"?"

Seeing this, Qin Yang’s eyes widened instantly, and he immediately perked up!

’What an audacious name. This is the first time I’ve ever seen anything like it!’

’Longevity equal to heaven and earth...’

’Doesn’t that mean you’d basically attain the Dao and ascend to immortality?!’

"This is good stuff! Hold on, let your master inspect the goods."

"Then, Master, you can only glance at it. You can’t look for too long and secretly memorize the contents." Li Qinghe clutched the hem of her clothes, looking pitiful as she spoke meekly.

"This is my only bargaining chip..."

"Aiya, of course. I’ll just take a quick look. Even if I were to memorize it, I’d only memorize a *bi-i-it*! Don’t you worry, my dear disciple. If it’s the real deal, I’ll definitely give you the Innate Pill!"

Qin Yang said, expertly bluffing. He excitedly flipped open the first page and silently activated his Enlightenment Space.

He began to scan the pages.

BUZZ!

The words between the lines seemed to come alive, flying swiftly into his mind. Reading a thousand lines at a glance, he quickly skimmed the general contents of *Heaven and Earth’s Longevity*.

A few seconds later,

after carefully digesting the entire book, Qin Yang couldn’t help but frown slightly and suck in a sharp breath.

HISS~

’Something’s wrong with this book!’

It was actually a Self-Destructive Secret Technique, a manual dedicated to taking the enemy down with you! It used one’s own Star Force as a fuse to ignite the physical body, unleashing several, or even ten times, the normal destructive power.

"And you’re telling me... this is called *Heaven and Earth’s Longevity*?!"

After finishing the book, Qin Yang was speechless. He looked up at Li Qinghe. "What is the meaning of this? Are you cursing your master to die an early death and be reborn?"

"I... I’m not!"

Li Qinghe was stunned, hastily waving her hands in denial.

"You’re not? I now have reason to suspect that you’re in cahoots with one of those self-destructing cults! Fess up, have you joined a cult?!"

Qin Yang pretended to pull out his phone and find Xia He’s contact, teasing, "Don’t underestimate me. I may look like I’m on my own, but I’ve got connections in the Star Martial Police Bureau. I even got a promotion recently!"

Li Qinghe: "..."

...

...

「Da Li Mountain Range.」

The forest canopy surged like a sea. The brilliant sun shone on verdant leaves as old trees stretched their branches. The roars of beasts rose and fell, echoing in all directions.

"Heh heh..."

A black-robed figure hovered over the mountain peak, listening to the furious roars of the wilderness.

As far as the eye could see,

in the pine forest below, countless Star Beasts scurried to pay homage. Tigers, snakes, insects, and birds—all bowed their savage heads to the ground as if declaring their subservience to his rule.

BUZZ!

A crimson radiance emanated from him, radiating in all directions.

Wherever the red light fell, the Star Beasts’ blood began to boil. In an instant, an even more violent aura erupted, and a ferocious killing intent surged to the heavens!

"My children, unleash your true nature!"

The black-robed man listened to the howls of the Star Beasts as if enjoying a symphony, his voice covering the land and leading the chorus of thousands of furious roars.

Just then,

"Lord Earth Venerable, this subordinate has important intelligence to report!"

a deep voice suddenly rang out, reaching the black-robed man’s ears. The void fractured, and another black-clothed man with a slightly weaker aura strode through the air.

"What is it?"

"It is a crucial matter concerning the Jianghai City District."

The Announcer said in a low voice, "According to the report from our city district branch, the Jianghai City District experienced tremors last night. A celestial thunder phenomenon appeared in the sky, and the grass and trees on the ground flourished as if it were spring. We suspect a disturbance from the Power of Laws!"

"A Law disturbance? Where is the source?"

The black-robed man frowned and said grimly, "I, this Venerable One, am aware of every potential expert capable of breaking through to the Venerable Realm. I have not heard of anyone on the verge of a breakthrough..."

"Reporting to Lord Earth Venerable! According to news on the internet, the reports are varied and conflicting, but they all point to one person."

The Announcer tilted his head, looking toward the city. "The prevailing theory at present is that the Jianghai Sword God has broken through to the Venerable Realm!"

"The Jianghai Sword God broke through?"

Hearing this, the black-robed man frowned slightly, somewhat puzzled. "Shouldn’t he have already broken through to the Venerable Realm long ago?"

’Why...’

After a moment of contemplation,

he stopped pondering the matter. He simply hovered above the forest with his hands behind his back, the corner of his mouth twisting into a cold sneer.

"It doesn’t matter. He dared to kill a member of my Divine Sect. He has already chosen the path to his own death!"