Chapter 147 - 146: Li Zixuan’s Request

Time flowed by like water.

In the blink of an eye, a few more days had passed.

Inside the library, in the Area 1 lounge.

"Master, this part of the array’s layout... could it be fine-tuned a bit?"

By the side of the lounge area, Li Qinghe pointed to the Array Map on the draft paper and asked in a low voice, "This disciple doesn’t quite understand the line configuration."

"What’s so hard about it?"

Qin Yang, holding Xiaobai, was filling in the patterns on the Ten Thousand Array Map. He offered a little guidance, "Think about the layout of your Li Family’s Fuhai Villa Complex. Isn’t there a similar principle at work?"

"Hmm... The community’s layout?"

Hearing this, Li Qinghe furrowed her brow slightly. Following Qin Yang’s line of thought, she recalled the community’s layout, and it was as if a light bulb went on. She instantly understood.

Once she understood the principle, everything else clicked into place. She lightly tapped her forehead and said in realization, "Don’t tell me... the layout of our family’s property is also a large, natural array?"

As she spoke, she looked at Qin Yang, waiting expectantly for an answer.

Over the past few days at work, she had been constantly asking Qin Yang for guidance and had reaped great rewards. Her attainments in array theory had advanced by leaps and bounds, and she had even helped fill in many of the missing parts of the Ten Thousand Array Map.

It could be said she had benefited immensely.

As her understanding of arrays grew, so did her heartfelt admiration for Qin Yang. Calling him "Master" was becoming more and more natural.

"You want to know?"

Qin Yang glanced at her expectant expression.

"I do! I really want to know, Master!"

Li Qinghe nodded excitedly.

"Then just keep on wanting."

Qin Yang sneered and decided to play the riddler. "Your current understanding of arrays is too low. You’re far from ready. It’s useless for you to know!"

"???"

Hearing this, Li Qinghe’s eyes went wide. She was speechless.

’You’re not going to tell me after getting my hopes up... Are you leaving me on a cliffhanger?!’

"Tsk, I’m a little thirsty."

Qin Yang said suddenly, leaning back in his chair.

"I’ll get it! Master, don’t move!"

Li Qinghe got the signal, shot up with a WHOOSH, and ran to the vending machine in the corner.

In just a moment.

A large stack of drinks appeared on the table, a dazzling, colorful assortment.

"Which one would you like? I’ll open it for you!"

Li Qinghe’s hand hovered over the bottle caps on the table as she stared intently at Qin Yang’s expression. But in the next moment, Qin Yang didn’t say a word. He simply reached out, took a bottle of mineral water, and started chugging it down. GLUG, GLUG.

Then he gave a comfortable stretch.

’Another signal!’

Li Qinghe seized the opportunity, quickly moved behind Qin Yang, and began to gently knead his shoulders. She said in a fawning tone, "Master, is this pressure okay? I can go a little lighter."

Her voice was as soft and gentle as could be, like a delicate, dependent bird.

"It’s barely acceptable."

Qin Yang yawned, glanced at the fawning Li Qinghe, and felt a wave of comfort wash over him.

Over the past few days, Li Qinghe had completely transformed into a "fox-sycophant." Her training was complete. She was like a completely different person from the spoiled, willful young heiress she used to be.

’Not bad, not bad.’

Qin Yang was very satisfied.

Just then.

Xiaobai, who was by the table, lifted her head. She squinted at Qin Yang’s expression, then looked at Li Qinghe’s ingratiating actions. The more she looked, the more familiar it seemed.

’Massaging legs, kneading shoulders, serving drinks and snacks...’

’Isn’t this...’

’This Fairy’s move?!’

’Hm?’

’This bad woman is actually copying me?!’

"AWOO!"

Xiaobai leaped up, immediately climbed onto Qin Yang’s arm, and coiled herself around his neck. She bared her teeth at Li Qinghe in a show of aggression, revealing her snow-white fangs.

She was declaring her sovereignty.

Seeing this, Li Qinghe was startled and quickly backed away.

"Master, what’s wrong with your little fox?"

She pointed a trembling hand at the snarling Xiaobai. "It’s so fierce! Why is it acting like a dog guarding its food?"

The words had barely left her mouth.

Xiaobai’s nose wrinkled, and she began to bark even more ferociously, letting out a mad roar that immediately drew looks from many people nearby.

But she couldn’t be bothered with that now. She was so angry she just wanted to bite Li Qinghe’s finger.

’How dare she say this Fairy is a dog? Unforgivable!’

’You’re clearly the sycophant!’

’This Fairy will bite you to death!’

The next moment.

She shot out her short little fox legs, leaped high into the air, and was about to pounce on Li Qinghe.

But before she could bite Li Qinghe, she suddenly felt a tightness around her tail.

"Yip."

A huge force pulled her back.

Qin Yang grabbed the tip of Xiaobai’s fluffy tail and yanked her back into his arms.

"Stop it."

Qin Yang chided, holding down Xiaobai’s struggling head and pulling her into an embrace. Then, he shot an apologetic look at Li Qinghe.

’With all the Star Pet unrest right now, if this silly fox actually bit her, the Star Martial Police Bureau would probably be knocking on my door tomorrow to check my papers...’

"So fierce, Master. That was really scary."

Li Qinghe stared at the squirming Xiaobai in Qin Yang’s arms. Feeling a hostile gaze on her, she patted her chest in lingering fear. "This dog... I mean, fox... seems to be guarding its food?"

"She lacks discipline. My apologies. I’ll make it up to you with another array."

As Qin Yang spoke, he was about to pick up the draft paper when he caught a glimpse of another beautiful figure walking toward him from the entrance.

It was Li Zixuan.

Her face was full of worry; she clearly had something on her mind. She glanced around the library, and upon seeing Qin Yang, walked straight over.

"Huh, why is Zixuan here?"

Li Qinghe was surprised and immediately went to greet her. Seeing the worried look on her face, she asked with concern, "Are you okay, Zixuan? Why do you look so troubled?"

"Sister Qinghe..."

Li Zixuan frowned, walked past her, and slowly approached the table. She gathered the draft papers from the tabletop and turned back to say, "I have something to discuss with Senior Brother. Could you give us some privacy?"

"You want me to leave?"

Li Qinghe was stunned for a moment and was about to open her mouth to ask more.

"Oh? Junior Sister is here,"

Qin Yang immediately followed up on Li Zixuan’s words, saying leisurely, "In that case, you should leave us for now. Your Martial Aunt has something to discuss with your master."

As soon as he finished speaking.

Li Zixuan took the draft papers from the table and shoved them directly into Li Qinghe’s arms.

"???"

Struck by this series of blows, Li Qinghe looked down at the draft papers in her arms, utterly speechless.

’Wait a minute...’

’Did I really just become the junior?’

’I have no say at all! My status in this ’sect’ is at the very bottom!’

Seeing Li Qinghe just standing there in a daze, Qin Yang frowned and said in a heavy voice, "What? Are you not even going to listen to your master anymore?"

The moment he spoke.

Li Qinghe’s nose inexplicably started to sting.

’Fine, fine, fine! If you don’t want me to listen, I won’t! I... This young lady doesn’t even want to listen!’

Thinking this, she pouted, turned around with a look of utter grievance, and ran off...

"Sigh..."

Li Zixuan watched Li Qinghe’s retreating figure and sighed to herself. ’As expected, Senior Brother is the only one who can subdue Li Qinghe...’

Her spoiled and willful personality was famous in the family, yet now she was completely obedient in Qin Yang’s hands.

"Ahem, go ahead and speak, Junior Sister."

Qin Yang stroked Xiaobai’s head. "What did you need to see me about? And why did you specifically avoid your cousin?"

"Um..."

Li Zixuan lowered her eyes, looking at her knees with unease. She hesitated before saying tentatively, "There’s something I’d like to ask of you, Senior Brother."

"Go on."

Qin Yang nodded. "If I can help, I will certainly do my best."

"Okay."

Li Zixuan looked at Qin Yang and said hesitantly, "Senior Brother, can you contact our Teacher right now? I want to see him."