Chapter 282 - 281: The Secret of the Black Hole

"Senior Brother, Meng Tianxuan is nothing but a hypocrite!"

In the living room, Li Zixuan said worriedly, "He’s asking you to meet with him... it’s obviously a trap!"

"Don’t worry, Junior Sister."

Qin Yang heard this and smiled nonchalantly. "So what if it’s a trap?

The senior uncles in our gang are taking this meeting very seriously. They’ve even dispatched several elders to hide nearby and protect me."

As he spoke, he looked at Li Zixuan and said softly, "If something bad really does happen, with their skills, those senior uncles will be more than capable of getting me away safely."

"This..."

Hearing this, Li Zixuan was speechless, not knowing how else to dissuade him. It was clear that Qin Yang’s considerations this time were far more thorough than hers.

It seemed useless to try and talk him out of it anymore.

She bit her lip and fell silent for a moment. Then, as if she had suddenly thought of something, she stared into Qin Yang’s eyes and spoke again:

"Then, Senior Brother..."

"This time... could you let me go in your place? Your position in the gang is too important; it’s not good for you to go... Let me go, and if Meng Tianxuan says anything, I can just relay it back to you..."

"You, meet him and relay the message for me?"

Qin Yang shot her a sidelong glance, then took a sip of tea to hide the turmoil in his heart.

’Let Li Zixuan take my place at the meeting?’

’What a joke!’

’Now *that* would really make me worry!’

’An Innate Realm expert, trying to hide from a Celestial Venerable master?’

’There’s no way she could hide!’

’It wouldn’t matter how many Venerable Clones she brought with her!’

’If Meng Tianxuan really decided to make a move...’

’Li Zixuan wouldn’t even have a chance to survive!’

’Besides, Li Zixuan is one of the routes for the system’s reward bursts. But even setting that aside, I’ve known her for so long. There’s no way I could let her walk into danger.’

"Junior Sister, I understand your good intentions, but let’s just forget it,"

Qin Yang shook his head and set down his teacup. "Think about it. At your current level, if you went, wouldn’t you just be getting in the way of the Heaven-Blasting Gang’s elders?

If Meng Tianxuan really does lash out, you’ll only be an obstacle for them. It’s better if you just stay here."

"...Hmph."

Hearing this, Li Zixuan’s brow furrowed slightly. She opened her mouth as if to say something more, but when her eyes met Qin Yang’s, she fell silent again.

’I know my Senior Brother’s personality very well.’

’Once he’s made up his mind about something, he absolutely will not change it.’

Just then.

"Woman, you should just listen to what Master says."

Xiaobai also chimed in from the side, speaking as it continued to grind, "Since Master is going, he’s definitely prepared. It’s useless no matter what you say."

"Alright,"

Seeing this, Li Zixuan sighed softly, stood up, and picked up her shoulder bag. "In that case, Senior Brother, you must be careful. I won’t disturb you any longer."

With that, she turned to leave.

But just then.

Suddenly!

"Wait, Junior Sister."

Qin Yang had suddenly called her back. He pointed toward the steam coming from the kitchen. "Dinner’s almost ready. Have you eaten? Stay and join us. It’s just me and Xiaobai anyway."

"No need, Senior Brother."

Li Zixuan waved her hand demurely and tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. "I already ate at home. I just wanted to come and ask you about this. Now that I have your answer, I should be heading back."

"..."

Hearing this, Qin Yang nodded and didn’t insist. He added,

"Don’t worry, Junior Sister."

’This silly girl probably just came to check on me. It’s not just her; Li Qinghe and Elder Li are probably worried about my safety too.’

But Qin Yang wasn’t too worried about it.

’Anyway, with my improved Clone Technique, if Meng Tianxuan dares to try anything, I’ll definitely make him regret it!’

...

「Star Martial Police Bureau.」

「Conference Room.」

The lights were bright in the vast room.

Elder Li, the Commander, and Liu Wushuang sat at the table, their expressions grave as they looked over the documents before them.

They were deployment and arrangement maps for the Bureau.

Ever since the meeting location was confirmed, the Star Martial Police Bureau had taken immediate action, dispatching a large number of officers from the Bureau to the border of Jianghai City’s outskirts to closely monitor the situation.

"Elder Wushuang, are you certain Meng Tianxuan won’t actually harm Young Friend Qin?"

Elder Li’s white eyebrows shot up as he lowered his voice, asking Liu Wushuang nervously, "If he attacks Qin Yang during the meeting, there will be nothing we can do to fix it."

"You can rest assured on that point."

Liu Wushuang tapped the table and said slowly, "I was in the Venerable Alliance for many years, so I have a decent understanding of Meng Tianxuan. Although the man is a hypocrite with questionable morals, he only loses his composure and attacks his juniors when he is truly enraged.

Normally, when his mood is stable, he treats the people around him quite well."

As his voice fell.

"It had better be that way."

The Commander crossed his arms, resting his elbows on the table, his gaze sharp and cold. "Qin Yang is the Sword God’s top disciple. If anything happens to him because of this, we will have failed the fallen Sword God."

"Indeed,"

Elder Li added, "Xuanxuan just sent me a message. She’s at Qin Yang’s house now, asking about the situation.

Although Young Friend Qin said that elders from the Heaven-Blasting Gang would be there to help, if Meng Tianxuan really decides to cause trouble, I’m afraid the situation will once again spiral beyond our control..."

"Alright, there’s no need to argue, you two. Here’s what I think we should do for now."

The Commander put down the documents and looked at Elder Li and Liu Wushuang, saying slowly, "For the next three days, I’ll dispatch more people to be stationed near the Da Li Mountain Range. They’ll monitor the situation constantly, just in case..."

As he finished speaking.

Elder Li and Liu Wushuang nodded in agreement.

Only then did the impromptu meeting finally adjourn.

......

Time passed.

「Three days later.」

「Nightfall.」

The city’s neon lights glowed brilliantly, traffic flowed on the roads, and Jianghai City was as bustling as ever.

Qin Yang separated a wisp of his Essence Blood to create a clone, sending it out in his place. It flitted between skyscrapers, heading directly for the appointed location.

The meeting place Meng Tianxuan had chosen was on the outskirts of Jianghai City, near the Da Li Mountain Range. In the lush, dense forest, the roars of Star Beasts echoed continuously, and the sight of beasts fighting to the death was common.

Soon.

Qin Yang arrived at the location and immediately saw Meng Tianxuan waiting under an ancient cypress tree.

He was dressed in magnificent robes, with a gentle and refined air. His temples were lightly frosted with grey, and he was looking up at the sky, seemingly counting something.

However.

When Qin Yang was still several hundred meters away.

Meng Tianxuan snapped back to his senses and turned to look in Qin Yang’s direction.

"Young Master Qin, you’ve finally arrived."

Meng Tianxuan smiled as he walked forward to greet him. "I knew you would come. A man as magnanimous as yourself would surely accept my invitation."

"Tch. Cut the crap and stop trying to get friendly with me."

Qin Yang shot him a contemptuous look and pursed his lips. "You were trying to have me killed before. No need to change your tune so quickly, is there?"

"You exaggerate, Young Master. I was blind before and failed to recognize your greatness. I apologize for my offense,"

Meng Tianxuan cupped his hands. "It was all a misunderstanding. If I had known earlier that you were the Young Master of the Heaven-Blasting Gang, I never would have sent Qi Qingshan. He is too sharp-edged, and contact between you was bound to cause conflict... That was indeed a miscalculation on my part."

"Hmph, enough! Cut the crap!"

Qin Yang waved his hand impatiently. "What did you want to talk to me about? My time is limited, and I have no interest in wasting it with you here. Get straight to the point."

"Fine,"

Hearing this, Meng Tianxuan nodded. He raised his right hand, and a faint Star Force began to gather around it, its brilliant light pulsing beautifully.

"Qin Yang, have you ever wondered... where our Power of Stars truly comes from?"

"Where it comes from?"

Qin Yang frowned, pondering the meaning behind his words, and slowly looked up at the night sky.

Nine gaping holes were entrenched in the night sky, devouring all starlight that passed nearby. They were as unfathomable as an abyss. Upon closer inspection, Qin Yang noticed that the holes had grown even larger than before.

He pointed up at the nine holes and looked at Meng Tianxuan.

"Doesn’t the Power of Stars fall from up there? That’s common knowledge that everyone in the world knows. You don’t have some other theory, do you?"

"Haha, yes, that is a fact that everyone knows..."

Meng Tianxuan clasped his hands behind his back and slowly strolled to Qin Yang’s side. He looked up at the sky with him, a hint of reminiscence in his eyes.

Then, Meng Tianxuan raised his eyebrows, looked at the sky, and asked, "Qin Yang, do you want to know what lies behind those black holes in the sky?"

"What’s up there...?"

Qin Yang looked at the night sky in confusion, his gaze fixed on the nine holes, sinking deeper and deeper.

It was as if he were about to be completely swallowed by them, unable to pull himself free...