Chapter 42: Old Qin, You’ll Be Ruined at This Rate

In the plaza, a stone stele stood in the center.

The carvings on its surface were clear to see, and a faint, unceasing Sword Intent flowed from them.

Lin Mofeng gazed at the inscription, trying to calm his turbulent emotions. He finally managed to recover from his shock.

The Jianghai Sword God’s power was terrifying, a hundred times more fearsome than he had ever imagined.

Just the profound Sword Intent engraved in the inscription alone...

...was something he could never hope to match in his entire lifetime.

’There is always someone better, and a heaven beyond the heavens.’

Lin Mofeng finally understood this principle.

How difficult was it to complete a Grandmaster Level Star Force Technique?

Even the old professors in the Imperial Capital couldn’t do it.

And yet?

The Jianghai Sword God had not only completed it but had done so in a single night!

’This matter absolutely cannot get out.’

Thinking this, Lin Mofeng murmured to himself. He glanced at the surrounding crowd, then sent a voice transmission to Elder Li:

"Teacher... the Cultivation Technique is now complete. Even Grandmaster Level experts would be tempted by it. If they find out, the Martial Arts Academy will surely face a devastating catastrophe."

"Mo Feng, rest assured. This old man naturally understands that."

Elder Li gave a slight nod in agreement.

An innocent man gets into trouble for possessing a treasure.

It was like a meticulously carved jade bracelet. How many times greater was the price difference between a fragmented one and a whole one?

If certain Cult Demons were to learn of this, the consequences would be unimaginable!

With a 50% profit, they would take risks. For a 100% profit, they would dare to trample on all human laws. With a 300% profit, they would commit any crime, even at the risk of being hanged.

If word of this leaked to the outside world, it would undoubtedly drive those Demons into a frenzy, prompting them to launch an all-out siege against the Martial Arts Academy.

At that time, all the students and teachers of the academy would be plunged into a Purgatory from which there was no escape!

With this in mind, Elder Li pondered for a moment and quickly came up with a plan.

He slowly walked to the front of the stele, feigning a furious expression. He raised his hand and pressed it against the newly added section of carvings, circulating his True Essence and releasing a terrifying amount of Star Force.

BOOM!

Instantly, stone fragments flew everywhere and dust billowed up. The stele snapped into two pieces on the spot.

The surrounding students were all terrified when they saw this, feeling a murderous intent in the air.

"He’s making a move! Elder Li must be truly furious!"

"How could he not be? He’s lived for half his life and finally has a chance to step into the Grandmaster Realm, but then someone comes and defaces the stele. It’s outrageous."

"Shh, keep your voice down. Be careful, or Elder Li might hear you..."

Right now, Elder Li was seething with rage. No one could say for sure if innocent bystanders would get caught in the crossfire.

Seeing this, the spectating students and teachers quickly dispersed. The security guards, however, remained in place, awaiting Elder Li’s next instructions.

"E-Elder Li, I..."

The head of security trembled as he stepped forward, his head lowered. He didn’t dare to look Elder Li in the eye, afraid that one wrong move would earn him a palm strike from the old man.

However, to his surprise, Elder Li didn’t berate him. He merely shot him a casual sidelong glance.

Then, with a flick of his hand, he put the half-stele away into his robes, as if tucking it into some kind of Spatial Magical Artifact.

"You security personnel, send someone to clean this area up. As for the matter of the stele’s destruction, this old man will personally send people to investigate."

"Y... Yes, Elder Li."

The security chief nodded and quickly agreed.

"Also, immediately take down the names of all the students who were present. Admonish them, interview them, and lock down all news about this to avoid damaging the academy’s reputation."

Lin Mofeng added another instruction.

"Right... I understand, Mr. Lin. I’ll send someone to do it right away."

With that, the security chief nodded and scrambled away.

Once everything had been taken care of, the three of them turned and headed toward the conference room.

"Teacher, what are you going to do with the stele now?"

Lin Mofeng couldn’t help but ask on the way.

"Ahem, well... since it’s something left behind by a senior, this old man certainly can’t neglect it."

Elder Li’s eyes crinkled, his face beaming with the kind of joy one only sees after a great harvest. He said with a laugh:

"Of course I’m going to put it on display and treasure it properly!"

...

「Jianghai City Library.」

"ACHOO!"

In a corner, Qin Yang, who was slacking off, suddenly let out a huge sneeze.

"Damn, who’s thinking about me now?"

He pulled out a tissue to wipe his nose, wondering why he’d sneeze in such hot weather. ’Could it be that kid Xia He talking about me?’

Qin Yang looked up.

Speak of the devil.

And he saw that very kid, Xia He, walking right toward him.

"Old Qin, your constitution is pretty weak, huh? Catching a cold in this heat..."

Xia He walked over to Qin Yang’s side and expertly snagged a spot to slack off with him. "I told you to do more Cultivation, but you never listen... Did you memorize that Cultivation Technique from yesterday?"

"Forgot."

Qin Yang said offhandedly.

"Forgot? Tsk tsk tsk, Old Qin, your memory is failing fast. You should lay off the ’manual labor’ in the future."

Xia He shook his head and pulled a new pass from his pocket, showing it off. "Look at this."

"Hm?"

Qin Yang glanced at it and saw that it was the same kind of pass from yesterday, but this was a long-term version. "You got someone to make you another one?"

"Don’t you know who I am? I went home yesterday and immediately told my dad about the Grandmaster Technique."

Xia He said with a grin, "And you know what happened? My dad was overjoyed! He pulled some strings and got me a new pass!

Are you interested, Old Qin? I can get you a long-term one too, and we can go observe the stele together again!"

"Forget it. I’ve completely lost interest."

Qin Yang shook his head and said lazily:

"My time after work is precious. Why would I waste it running off to see some inscription? Isn’t it better to play a few rounds of a game or scroll through short videos?"

"..."

Hearing this, Xia He was speechless for a moment. He looked at Qin Yang with disdain and said, "All you think about is slacking off and lying flat. Old Qin, this three-minute passion of yours won’t do. When I finally memorize that entire Cultivation Technique, my dad will probably treat it like a family heirloom!"

Hearing this, Qin Yang couldn’t hold back a laugh and teased:

"By the time you manage to memorize it with your level of Comprehension, that Grandmaster Level technique will probably be a dime a dozen..."

’And he wants to treat *that* as a family heirloom?’

’That would be a pretty cheap one.’

With that said, Qin Yang couldn’t be bothered to waste any more words on Xia He. He closed his eyes and sank into contemplation, continuing to comprehend the Star Spell he had obtained last night.

After all, this was the Grandmaster Level Star Spell.

Even with his Heaven-defying Comprehension, it still required a certain amount of time to grasp.

But thankfully, his job was leisurely, providing ample time to slack off. The one thing the library had in abundance was time.

Every day, Qin Yang would take some time to close his eyes and comprehend it.

At this moment, a magnificent Star Map was forming in his mind, with the twenty-eight constellations of the sky clearly visible.

In just a few more days, he would be able to complete his final comprehension.

Faintly, Xia He’s indignant voice drifted over.

"Old Qin, at this rate, you’re going to end up useless!"

Qin Yang was suddenly speechless.

’I’m already in the Grandmaster Realm, and you’re still calling me useless?’