Chapter 138: Xia He: Put Some Effort Into It, You Bunch of Trash

Meanwhile.

In a remote, old house in the southeastern part of Jianghai City, near the line dividing the city from the suburbs.

Moonlight shone down through a large hole in the eaves, illuminating the chaotic scene inside. The corners were thick with cobwebs, a wall clock had stopped, and a cold wind poured in.

"Haaa..."

Xia He leaned against a wall, panting heavily. He was curled up in a corner with his arms wrapped around his knees, his face etched with exhaustion.

A few colleagues in Star Police special task force uniforms leaned beside him, clutching grievous wounds in their abdomens. They stared blankly at the ceiling, their eyes filled with deep despair.

BOOM! BOOM!

Several violent explosions erupted from outside, as deafening as a cannon barrage.

"Damn it, those bastards are attacking the Array again!"

Hearing the noise, Xia He poked his head out the window, carefully peering at the activity outside.

Under the moonlight, swarms of Cult Demons had gathered outside the old house. They had formed a long line and were frantically unleashing attacks with their Star Force.

WHOOSH! WHOOSH!

It was like a spectacular meteor shower streaking across the sky.

But just as the attacks were about to hit the old house, they were suddenly stopped in mid-air and dissipated as if they had hit an invisible wall.

BUZZ!

Xia He clutched two Star Stones, watching the Array Patterns on them light up before dimming again. Only then did he let out a sigh of relief.

’Thank goodness!’

’These Demons can’t break the Array!’

"It’s all thanks to Xia He’s Array. Otherwise, the whole squad would’ve been wiped out."

A police officer with a severed left arm gasped, "I can’t believe so many Demons were hiding here. To think they’d dare to ambush us..."

"How much longer can your Array hold, Xia He?"

Another colleague, who had a buzz cut, asked while holding a radio. "Can it hold until reinforcements arrive?

The Demons have cut off communications, but headquarters must have noticed we’re missing. They should be searching for our location right now."

"Well..."

At this, Xia He looked down at the Star Stones in his hands and forced a smile that was uglier than a grimace. "I don’t know, either."

「Just half an hour ago.」

He and his colleagues had left the city to track down some Demons.

At first, everything went smoothly. They successfully tailed their targets and found the handover point within the city. Just as they were about to close the net...

...disaster struck!

The Demons suddenly noticed them and launched a counter-ambush, causing heavy casualties to the special task force.

It was only by covering for each other that the men managed to send out the intel and escape to this remote old house.

If it weren’t for the Star Stone Array, the Demons outside would have broken in long ago...

"I never thought... you always seem like such a slacker, but you’ve been hiding your true skills!"

The colleague looked at the Star Stones in Xia He’s hands and said encouragingly, "Just hold on a little longer. Reinforcements should be here soon!"

"..."

Hearing this, Xia He fell silent for a moment before nodding with difficulty. "I’ll do my best."

’I thought I was just a slacker.’

’But I never expected...’

’...to suddenly become the team’s MVP!’

’Fate is a cruel mistress!’

"What happened to this just being a tracking mission?"

Xia He sighed, holding the Star Stones and staring blankly at the patterns on them.

...

Outside the house, the night wind rustled. Several Demons hovered in the air, recovering their strength. They had just unleashed a wave of Star Force and were physically exhausted.

"Since when did the Star Martial Police Bureau have methods like this?"

"This is ridiculous. We can’t break through at all. It’s like an invisible prison. The moment Fifth Brother crossed the line, he was vaporized into a skeleton!"

"What tier is this Array? Not even our Commander has an Array this advanced!"

"Enough talk. Everyone, keep attacking! An Array this powerful can’t possibly last for long!"

"Yes, sir!"

「A moment later.」

RUMBLE!

Outside the old house, the devastating barrage resumed.

It was like a violent storm, erupting with thunderous noise.

"Whoa, it’s hot, so hot!"

As Xia He held the Star Stones, he felt a scorching heat radiate from them. The Array was operating at full power, and he was so startled he quickly dropped them on the ground!

"Is your Array about to break?"

A colleague saw this and asked worriedly, "Can it hold until reinforcements get here?"

"I don’t know,"

Xia He repeated his answer, staring helplessly at the smoking Star Stones. He sighed, "I hope it can hold."

’After all, this was a gift from Qin Yang.’

’It’s already held on for far longer than I expected. If the Demons outside break the Array now, I’ll just have to accept it.’

’There’s nothing more I can do.’

With that thought, Xia He decided to just give up. He pulled out his phone, which had no signal, and started playing an offline card game to pass the time while waiting for rescue.

...

Time passed, bit by bit.

「Half an hour later.」

The sounds of bombardment from outside gradually weakened. Xia He, who had taken a nap, woke up and suddenly noticed that the activity outside had stopped.

He took a peek outside.

’Holy crap!’

The Cult Demons were all sitting on the ground, panting from exhaustion, their hands trembling. Yet the Array remained completely unscathed!

BUZZ! BUZZ! BUZZ!

The Star Stones hummed steadily, floating in the air.

The ancient, profound Array Patterns were as steady as a mountain, showing no signs of being disturbed at all!

"!!!"

Seeing this, Xia He’s eyes widened. He jumped to his feet on the spot and snatched the Star Stones into his hands.

"Holy shit, it didn’t even break? Awesome!"

Overjoyed, Xia He immediately threw open the window and shouted at the Demons outside, taunting them to their faces, "Why don’t you put some effort into it! A bunch of losers!"

His impassioned words, dripping with mockery, reached the Demons’ ears, and their faces darkened.

"If you’ve got the guts, come on out! You coward, hiding in your shell!"

"If you’ve got the guts, *you* come over here! Loser!"

Standing at the window, Xia He beckoned with his finger.

"Your daddy isn’t going anywhere! I’ll be right here waiting for you!"

Seeing this, the other police officers joined in the jeering, overwhelming the enemy’s morale. Their war of words left the Demons red-faced with anger.

"Everyone, calm down! Don’t get angry!"

The leading Demon waved his hand. "Let them curse for a while, it’s fine. When the master arrives, he can shatter a pathetic little Array like this with a flip of his hand!"

As his voice fell, the other Demons indeed calmed down. They stood before the Array with their arms crossed, saying no more, just waiting in silence.

「A moment later.」

RUSTLE!

The autumn leaves stirred.

The night suddenly grew dim. A terrifying Star Force swept over the area around the old house, coalescing into a tangible Star Pressure that enveloped everything.

"Master!"

A black-robed elder appeared in front of the old house. The other Demons immediately bowed and knelt on the ground.

"A bunch of trash! A single measly Array was enough to stop you."

"And you even had to call for me."

The black-robed elder hovered in the air, looking impatiently at the old house. "Fine. Since you’ve made me come, I’ll just crush it with my full power!"

Hearing this, Xia He and his colleagues inside the old house were instantly dumbfounded. They looked at each other, and expressions of despair appeared on their faces.

’An Innate Realm master is here! How are we supposed to fight this?!’

"A pack of rats!"

The black-robed elder raised his palm, gathering True Essence. Before everyone’s eyes, he blasted out an attack of Star Force.

BANG! BANG! The immense Star Force coalesced, sending out terrifying shockwaves. It was like a mountain pressing down on the old house, slowly imprinting itself onto the surface of the Array.

But in the next moment,

BUZZ!

The Star Stone Array activated, raising a curtain of light!

The vast attack was completely swallowed by the Array, like a clay ox sinking into the sea—gone without a trace.

It was useless!

The Demons: ???

The smiles that had been forming on their lips collapsed.

The smiles switched sides.

Inside the old house, the corners of Xia He and his colleagues’ mouths were twitching wildly upwards.

"Is that all you got?!!"