Chapter 193. Nasty Shape-Shifting Demon - 1

Arwen looked at the seed in Edward’s(Will) hands with wide eyes and then turned to look at Edward(Will) with a serious look; slowly, he nodded.

"Let me help you get you out of here," Edward told Arwen earning a nod

Meanwhile Arwen wondered how Edward would help him escape this hellish pit that he had been struggling to leave for days but just before Arwen could realize what was happening, a chop landed on the back of his head, and he fainted in shock.

Edward(William) turned back to his original form and came out of the domain of infinite with the fainted Arwen.

Taking the fainted Arwen out was not a viable option since he was being watched, but he didn’t need to, his plan could easily be carried out in his own room.

William quietly took out the archon’s badge from his uniform belt and kept it on the side table.

He threw Arwen on the bed and turned to leave the room, holding his pet shadow cat with one hand.

It was evening time and it was a nice time to go on a stroll around the campus.

Once William was out of his room, he made sure that the door was slightly opened.

The array on the door worked in such a way that it identified the room owner’s face, and only the person with that face and mana signature could open it from the outside, for that reason William did not shut the door.

Once he made sure that he was far away from the dorm building and all the stealthy celestial army officer’s attention was focused on him.

William gave a few instructions to Amorphous through the mental link.

Meanwhile, in the academy infirmary, Arwen’s(Amorphous’s) injured figure lay on a bed, his eyes suddenly opened as his master’s instructions sounded i his mind.

Amourophous stood up and made sure no one was around, it walked towards the exit and left the infirmary.

He did not care if the nurses and other people watched him leave, that would even be better in his opinion.

Amorphous maintained the form of Arwen and walked towards the dorm building. He walked like he was filled with rage, and killing intent was leaking from his figure.

"Hey Arwen!! Are you alright?" some of his classmates he stumbeled upon the way adressed him with concern as they looked at the battered figure moving with an aggressive momentum.

Amorphous didn’t speak or bother to reply to them, he just outright ignored them. He had been instructed to do so.

Without waiting for anyone, Amorphous climbed the stairs of the dorm building and reached the top floor, where Archons lived.

With large strides he walked towards william’s dorm and entered his room at once before he shut the door tightly.

Amorphous entered William’s dorm and stopped with his agressive acting; he giggled and then moved to one of the shelves where William had stored his blood in some containers.

They were supposed to be supplied to Kathrine, but now it seemed they would be used to carry out Will’s plan. Amorphous took the blood and splattered it all over the bedroom floor.

Once that was complete, he washed the bottles and arranged them back neatly on the shelves; then, with a hand raised in the air, he activated an ice spell and created an icicle shaped construct of demonic energy.

He coated the icicle with some of William’s blood and turned himself into Edward Sinclair using shapeshifter talent.

He faked severe injuries using a blade and rolled on the bloody floor before he proceeded to stab himself with the spike of ice.

He winced in pain for a moment, but Master’s orders were absolute for him; he threw himself back and jumped to smash his back against the wall.

He had been bestowed the natural actor talent by William, and acting like an injured person was easy for him.

He acted to cough violently and with heavy breaths he called Arwen’s name.

Meanwhile, Amorphous’s coughs entered Arwen’s ears, and he slowly woke up in a few minutes.

His vision turned blurry, but the loud coughing noises made his focus and vision return quickly.

Arwen’s eyes snapped only to see a ceiling reflecting orange light of the sunset. Arwen breathed heavily and sat up on the bed.

"Cough!!! Arwen!!" a heavy, breathy voice called his name.

Arwen turned his gaze only to see a horrific sight of Edward laid sprawled on the ground with an icicle pinned to his chest.

"Edward!!!" Arwen shouted and rushed to his side.

"What happened??!!!" Arwen asked, looking at the deep wound. Thick demonic energy leaked from the cavity while red blood remained splattered across the floor.

Edward(Amorphous) acted to struggle and wince in pain before trying to speak.

"A shape-shifting demon has entered the academy; he can take anyone’s form and has a secret prison that looks like a fiery pit. He can trap your souls in it. I spent a few months inside that prison mysteriously." Edward(Amorphous) said at once

"That demon took your form and approached me a few hours ago, he offered me a demonic seed, and he told me to frame William as a demonic spy using that. When I refused, he tried to kill me, and once he was sure I was about to die, he took my form. Kheukk!!!"

"My time is near, my friend." Edward(Amorphous) performed an emotional act.

"That demon is a nasty shape-shifter; he has taken my form and plans to replace me in the academy, he will fool everyone, and he plans to act as a demonic spy!!!" Edward spoke in panic.

"He offered you the same seed, but you seemed to have accepted his deal; that is why he didn’t kill you till now and has kept you alive."

"Run, Arwen!!!, run while he is away; please save yourself; otherwise he will kill you aswell." Edward cried, and then suddenly his hands moved; he took the bloody icicle out of the wound while gasping for air and handed it to Arwen.

"Take this as evidence this icicle is made of demonic energy," Edward said while Arwen panicked. He remembered Edward offering him a demonic seed in a similar hellish pit, but when he had accepted his offer to frame William as a demonic spy.

Edward had offered to help him escape and then he had hit his back and made him faint.

Realization entered his mind: that Edward was not the real one but instead a demon.

His hands trembled while the real Edward in front of him eventually died in front of him.

Arwen couldn’t digest what he was seeing; sweat dripped from his forehead, and he looked at the dead figure. His breath picked up like he was being strangled, and his heart beat like drums.

Arwen stood up unconsciously and couldn’t believe what he was seeing. His friend had died saving him.

He tried to run, but the blood on the floor made him slip and lose balance for a moment. He stumbled on the side table, where he saw the first-year Archon’s badge kept like a trophy.

He slowly realized that this was William’s room.

"That demon is trying to frame William for Edward’s murder," Arwen mumbled to himself as he took off his shoes that were covered in blood, which may have left his footprints across the academy, and quickly left the room, making a run for his life.

A few moments after he left the room, William returned.

He looked at the mess, and his face twitched in annoyance after seeing all the blood splattering on the floor, he had expected the demon to use one bottle of his blood but it seemed like the demon had used everything.

Amorphous walked to him and kneeled in pride. "My lord, I did as you instructed, that boy got scared and ran away."

William nodded and then told him to clean up the room.

Amorphous made an unwilling pout and started scrubbing the floor, cleaning the whole dorm while William walked to the balcony and stood there for a few moments.

"Such a hassle," he said before taking the sip of hot chocolate he had just prepared for himself.