Chapter 231. Honey Trapping

No man’s land, north of the Skybreak Empire...

"The Emperor didn’t attack the way you informed us." In a hall as dark as night, two figures sat in front of each other.

The one being addressed remained static on his seat without reacting, wearing a loose dark robe that hid his features and silhouette completely. He remained silent when questioned by the man in front.

"Are you sure you still have a hold over your subjects?" The man who questioned was scrawny yet tall and lean in build, with slouched shoulders.

His face was sharp with a pointed jawline, colorless white skin, and intense, glowing red demonic eyes. A sinister smile rested on his lips, framed by thick, long hair tied in a ponytail, while he questioned the man in front.

The one being questioned raised his hands, indicating to the questioner to stop. "Are the preparations for Aurelius’s welcome finished?"

"What the hell do you think we have been doing for the past week while leaving all our operations aside??" the front man, who was now being questioned, replied in a grainy voice.

"Aurelius will attack for sure; he has just postponed the raid for a few days. Maybe he was stopped by his loyal dogs," the robed informant of the Clayman cult told the Clayman cult’s leader, Agrath, a vampire.

Agrath grimaced, looking at the robed figure. "You expect us to stay static like this for an impending attack that we are not even sure will arrive? What if Aurelius doesn’t attack at all?? and we keep taking financial losses like we are doing now."

"Sigh, are you dumb?? Didn’t I say he would be attacking soon?" the man said with a cold sigh.

Agrath sneered, "Before calling me dumb, you should question your own competence." Now I see the reason why Aurelius is sitting on the throne of Riverdale, and you are begging for help from your enemies."

"Isn’t that true, Crown Prince Daniel Dalton? "Oh, my bad. I forgot to add ’former,’" Agrath spoke with a mocking expression.

"Are you done?" Daniel didn’t get flustered or angry by the mocking words; his tone remained ice-cold, the same as previously.

Agrath didn’t stop. "I wish I had never gotten someone traitorous like you among my men," he said.

Suddenly, the doors to the chamber opened up. A beastkin female servant with cat-like features entered the hall to serve drinks and desserts.

Agrath and Daniel stopped their bickering in front of her. Agrath noticed the features of the servant, and his lustful gaze washed over her like a predator eyeing his prey.

"What is this?" Suddenly, Daniel’s voice sounded as he curiously looked at a sleek piece of dark brown bar kept along with the rest of the desserts. He had never seen something like this before, even in the royal palace.

Agrath’s gaze moved from the servant’s hips towards the thing kept on the plate in front of them; he looked at the catkin-female servant, expecting an explanation.

It was his first time looking at such a thing, too.

The female servant smiled and enthusiastically introduced the item. "My lord, this is a chocolate; it has an extremely intense nutty and creamy flavor with a hint of bitterness that complements its sweet taste. A crate of these was retrieved from the inventory of a young merchant traveling south. Our agent Budeen had sent a few crates of these to the headquarters to get them checked."

She held the tray close and looked into Agrath’s eyes with a gentle smile. "Recently, Junior Elder Grimlock ran a few tests and concluded that this item was a harmless dessert; he was amazed by the taste and instructed us to add this to the dessert inventory."

Agrath nodded; his lustful eyes were now focused on the servant’s ample chest.

"I have never seen you before!!" Agrath spoke as he checked her out again properly.

"My lord, I was brought in with the new batch of slaves." The cat spoke with a shy expression, and her tail wagged furiously as if she were nervous.

Agrath suddenly felt a wave of excitement in his chest, looking at the innocent and meek woman in front of him. He wanted to ravage this cat’s kin, and slowly he made a silent decision to call her to his chambers later to have fun.

"Hmm!!" Agrath nodded, finally looking away. "What’s your name?"

The female catkin blushed and bowed suddenly. "My name is Mika, my lord."

He got another flash of her cleavage as Mika bowed in front of him.

He nodded. "Mika, serve us the chocolate."

Mika nodded excitedly. "Yes, my lord."

She moved delicately and sliced the bar of chocolate with a knife.

Now, even Daniel noticed where the intense gaze of Agrath was focused on.

Mika moved lightly and came forward in front of Agrath. She came a bit closer than necessary and leaned in front of him. "My lord," she said, holding the plate in front of his face and looking into his eyes.

Agrath didn’t even look at the chocolate; his gaze was focused somewhere else. He didn’t even realize how many pieces he had eaten till now from her hands.

He loved being fed by her.

Thanks to the short maid uniform, Daniel was lost in another heavenly scene that appeared in front of him as Mika leaned towards Agrath. He slowly felt intoxicated by the sight in front of him; his mouth watered, and he didn’t even know it.

Mika moved after serving a few pieces to Agrath; she walked towards Daniel and leaned in a bit close; her seductive gaze was now looking at Daniel. Her tight cleavage was on full show.

Daniel clenched the armrest; he controlled his instincts. Similar to Agrath, he too was never able to realize how many pieces of chocolate he had just been fed by her hands.

After serving both men, Mika straightened and, holding the trays, she left the room with a seductive walk, drawing both Agrath’s and Daniel’s gaze. Her hips swayed, making both men, who were hardened by experiences, lose their focus.

Only when Mika left did the two come back out of their stupors and focus on the discussions ahead.

Meanwhile, Mika came out of the meeting hall, and her shoulders slouched while her posture relaxed. She sighed before finding a silent corner for herself.

Looking around, after Mika confirmed that there was no one looking at her, she changed forms; the seductive cat-kin lady transformed into a rough, manly silhouette of Grimlock.

"Tsk!! Dammit, I feel like I was touched by them," he gritted his teeth.

With another wave of disgust for the two men, he disappeared and appeared inside the domain of the infinite.

William waited for him inside the domain. He asked with a smile. "Is it done?" he asked.

"Yes, my lord," Grimlock said before kneeling, "both of them ate about ten bars of chocolate."

William nodded with satisfaction. "Told you the aphrodisiacs were really potent. Now go take a bath; otherwise, Amorphous might come after you if you carry that scent around him."

Grimlock nodded with a grim expression. William sensed the unease. "What happened?? You look worried?"

Grimlock said with a sigh, "My lord, please don’t make me do this honey trap thing again, I..." He hesitated and stuttered.

"You what??" William asked only to make Grimlock shiver.

"My lord," Grimlock slammed his head on the floor. "Please punish me severely, but don’t give me a task like this again!!" he said.

William was taken aback, looking at how smooth the whole thing went; he really wanted to use Grimlock in these types of tasks. It seems like he would need to send Barash and Ronnin for the task now.

William just nodded and dismissed Grimlock; he promised a reward for his sacrifices once the mission was over.

After Grimlock left, William sighed.

[hehe!!]

William looked into the empty air. "What’s so funny?"

[Nothing much; I just never thought turning horny would help you come up with such crazy ideas.]

William sneered; the system was too shameless.

He had just been thinking about how he had lost self-control with Seraphine earlier, and that thought had given him inspiration in cooking up a way to honeytrap both the Clayman cult’s leader and Daniel to eat his blood at the same time.

Luckily, Grimlock had shapeshifter and natural actor talents. A few hours of making him watch television taught him how to act like a seductive maid.

William sighed; he didn’t know what to say. He was a bit embarrassed about this, to be honest.