Chapter 203. You are supposed to be dead - 2

Tamasya, at this point, looked down at the floor of the den, deeply embarrassed by the whole conversation.

"Hehe, so you love that brat, huh?" Yue chuckled.

Tamasya shot a glare at Yue before pouncing on her. "Don’t you DARE tell Andrea about this!"

"Hahaha, okay, okay," Yue surrendered, clearly amused by Tamasya’s annoyed reaction. The playful banter created a light atmosphere, but Tamasya could still feel the heat rising to her cheeks.

"So..." Yue’s expression shifted to one of eager anticipation, her eyebrows arched with curiosity. "How many kids are you both planning?"

The question seemed to hang in the air, leaving Tamasya momentarily speechless.

Her ears and cheeks burned even hotter as she struggled to respond, grappling with feelings of both excitement and sheer embarrassment.

The thought of children brought forth a flood of emotions, and she couldn’t bear to listen to any more of Yue’s shameless comments.

"We are not going to marry; he likes someone else," Tamaysa spoke with a solemn expression.

"Did you get rejected by your own disciple??" Yue asked with wide eyes as she was about to burst into laughter.

"No!!! That’s not true...!!!"

Yue realized the whole situation, reading Tamasya’s reaction from their brief conversation.

"So you wanted me to divine if you two were supposed to be together??" she asked with a smile.

Tamasya looked at Yue seriously. "You remember what curse my mother left, right??"

Yue’s head tilted. "Which curse??"

"How could you forget!!" Tamasya raised her voice. "She cursed me that I would never get what I wish for, and I was supposed to die alone without a husband and a family; I would never be able to find peace or happiness."

Yue clicked her tongue. "Do you think verbal curses are worth talking about seriously? Many people curse their enemies in such ways. Do their wishes ever come true?"

"You can never be so sure, Yue; her curse came out to be true once, and I was stranded alone in the prison of gods." Tamasya’s eyes moistened, and her voice became heavy with the weight of something that had been deeply hidden yet lurking in her heart for thousands of years.

Yue caressed Tamasya’s head. "You have a family, Tamasya. Me, Andrea, Master. We are all your family; that alone proves that your mother’s words never came true."

"I would still like to be more sure, Yue," Tamasya told her, still not ready to believe her own fears.

Yue palmed her forehead before sighing. "What do you want me to do?" she asked.

"Just look at the general direction my life is going to take." Tamasya insisted, "Don’t overexert yourself."

Yue nodded since she wanted to remove any form of fears and misconceptions; she decided to use her full powers to divine Tamasya’s future.

She looked at her. "I will use my full powers, but promise me that if the outcomes I see are nowhere near the curse that you always tend to overthink about, you will drop the whole belief that you are under a curse by your mother."

Tamasya nodded meekly; to be honest, she was too embarrassed to ask for such favors from Yue. She had a bit of an idea about Yue’s predicament as a seer, yet Yue was going to such lengths to help her ease her mental burden.

The last words of her mother had always loomed in her head for the rest of her life; during her time in the prison of gods, the curse had repeated itself in her mind, continuously repeating itself over and over in her mind.

At that point, a boy had approached her; she didn’t even know how long had passed at that time.

She had crushed him as the first thing and had refused to believe he ever had the intention or capability to save her, despite his insistence on it.

That was until that boy really had broken the chains on her hands and freed her from the prison of her own mind.

She had fallen unreasonably hard for him because he had stopped the cursing voice of her own mother that always repeated itself inside her head.

Whenever she was with him, thoughts about the impending curse of her mother always used to disappear.

That was until William had revealed that he planned to spend his life with another woman. How could Tamasya not think that her mother’s curse about her dying alone without a husband was not true?

Tamasya looked at Yue, who now held onto one of her hands and had already entered a trance. Her pupils glowed pink, and Tamasya could see small pink lotuses rotating in them.

Yue’s head was raised to the back, and she whispered something in a strange language unknown to Tamasya; this language was completely foreign to her.

Yet Yue’s current state was too familiar to Tamasya; she had seen Yue perform divinations after she entered such a tranced state.

Meanwhile, Yue was going through a crisis.

She stood in a dark space surrounded by murky fog. In front of her was a strange wall made of a thick, sticky pinkish membrane that had a strange structure, as if it were an organ of a humongous creature.

The wall stretched endlessly, and it was called the line of fate.

A seer needed to peek through the wall and look at the fated events.

Every vision Yue had seen was actually visuals she had registered while peeking through this gooey mess of a wall that looked like it was made of flesh and pulsed like several fluids were flowing through it, carrying out metabolic processes.

Yuee looked at the start of Tamasya’s fateline. She saw Tamasya being born and her childhood.

Yue walked ahead parallel to the fleshy wall in an attempt to skip the events to the current day; she saw several figures moving, Tamsya training during her childhood, and having fights, her struggles.

Yet Yue didn’t stop; she knew all of this already. She was currently in Tamsya’s past.

She started walking faster and finally reached the point where she saw how Tamasya was falling into the prison of the gods that was thousands of years away from the start.

Her heart ached as she looked at the scene, yet she tried to control her emotions.

This realm, where she stood and where all the fate lines were located, was a place far more dangerous than the abyss itself.

Several predators lurked here, and a seer’s job was to look into these fate lines without alerting these creatures.

Yet looking so clearly through the wall was not something every seer could do, Yue was special.

She had more degrees of control in this realm than any other seer on Aris. That was the only reason she could move along the fate line and peek anywhere.

Though this consumed a lot of Yue’s mana, her mana rank allowed her to sustain herself for half an hour in this realm, and that amount of time was enough for her to explore that whole fate line of Tamasya if she wanted to.

Still, the creatures posed a fatal threat, and they were horrific even for someone like Yue. Once she had encountered one such creature and saw it only from a distance, when she came out, she kept having nightmares continuously for several days, and she never returned to this realm for another century.

These creatures had no eyes; the only sense they had was emotion. They could sense the emotions of a seer and hunt them down. A seer needed to have complete control in their heart.

If one of these creatures sensed someone and struck them down, there would be a severe backlash that the seer’s body would take.

If the seer still did not cut the connection to this realm, then their body would end up dying in the real world, while their soul would remain stuck in this place forever and would turn into one of such creatures.

Thoughts themselves were not a problem, but experiencing strong emotional fluctuations was.

That was why Yue tried to maintain calm after all her survival was on the line here.