Chapter 210. Tower Capture - 2

The red team was in shambles now; six of its members had already been eliminated.

Ethan gritted his teeth in frustration. Beside him, Dino stood with tight brows, with his arms folded and a serious expression on his face.

"So this was your strategy??" he asked, looking at Ethan and Leila’s figures.

"Do you have a better one, Dino?" Katherine looked annoyed about what she had just heard.

This guy had always been trying to pull them back, trying to prove that he was better than them in every aspect, rather than trying to win.

"At least I didn’t lose my men needlessly," Dino sneered as he looked at Katherine.

That sneer did not last long, even after the red team was gathered under the cover of a thick-canopied forest; their positions were crystal clear to William.

Several arrows descended, slicing the air around them, and almost all of them missed the targets, but a few still landed on some bracelets and eliminated people, this time from Dino’s side, making him confused.

Even though not all arrows had hit their targets, the horror they brought to the enemy was unmatchable.

On the Blue team’s side, several students stood behind William with bows raised in their hands.

"Will that work?" Desmond asked by his side, holding a bow of his own. William nodded silently while smiling.

His piercing sight, which was an effect of the talent ’heaven-piercing archer,’ could see through any cover, and that was a much more useful effect than he had anticipated earlier.

"Did they hit anyone?" someone asked from behind.

William shook his head in response, but then, with a smile, he said, "A few did, but the main outcome is that they are disoriented now."

William had kept ten people with him while he had sent the rest of the 38 to attack and take over the enemy tower.

As for how they attacked and captured the tower? That responsibility had been left on Galeion’s shoulders.

Although William knew that Galeion would not have argued even if William had given any instructions about the siege and would have quietly accepted his orders, William still felt that it was better to leave the task of capturing to Galeion.

While William and Desmond led these 10 students who were supposed to be the weakest of the bunch due to their ranks, later Desmond realized that the assessment based on rank was not the best way to judge their strengths, since these people were strong on their own.

"Our motive is to distract and disorient enemies from grouping again and disrupting the path of our army, keep attacking the positions I tell you to for now."

For the next hour under Will’s command, the students kept shooting arrows towards the spots in the forest that Will pointed to.

Although it appeared to them that they were just shooting random spots, since the cover of the forest did not allow the other students to look past the canopies.

In actuality, the red team, after facing volleys of arrows, had decided to never let the enemies get an aim; for that, they had decided to keep moving in small, segregated groups and finally regroup in the vicinity of the enemy tower from where they would launch an attack.

While Ethan and his group would keep waiting behind the tower walls, they would wait for the enemy.

The red team was now betting on time; they needed to reach the enemy tower before their forces could arrive here.

The huge group of almost 30 students was divided into six small groups of 5 students each.

Katherine and Kara grouped separately as they aimed to take out the enemy archers and make way for the other groups. They would move faster than the rest.

William had already anticipated that the red team would try to distract the archers by dividing into different groups.

Now all he needed to do was never let these groups near the swiftly marching army led by Galeion.

William did exactly that by making the archers under him only attack these groups whenever they approached certain points, which made them think that the enemy had a clear view at those points.

The red team clearly avoided those locations, leaving the path for the blue team’s army to advance.

Soon, a few hours passed, and William clearly saw the blue team’s army launch a decisive attack on the red team’s tower.

With a smile, he picked up his bow and then looked at the ones behind him. "Go greet our guests."

The students left their bows and descended the tower together, while on the ground, Katherine and Kara had arrived to take down the archers.

Katherine looked at these students with a sneer and got into a battle-ready posture; Karra did the same.

Desmond commanded the seven students behind him; he personally activated a barrier spell provided in the bracelet and covered the whole group.

"Get your offensives ready," Desmond said

"Shoot!!" the command was given out.

Several volleys of offensive spells, mainly fireballs and ice spikes that were provided in the bracelets, were shot towards the two.

Katherine and Kara nodded to each other before they swiftly moved. Several spells came forward, but Katherine’s figure spun in the air, dodging most of them.

Kara also dodged it with her bestial instincts, making the use of these spells ineffective.

The limit was the use of ten spells, out of which one was a healing spell and one was defensive, leaving eight offensive ones.

Not giving the next orders to be out, Katherine attacked the group with a spell of her own and shattered the barrier.

Immediately, Desmond moved to the back of the formation, and another student came forward, activating a barrier spell. While under Desmond’s command, everyone else shot another volley of spells towards the two of them.

Katherine and Kara sneered. They wondered what the hell they were trying to do since the attacks were clearly not landing and were easily dodged by both of them before they eventually broke the barrier around the group.

The same cycle repeated; another cadet of the blue team came forward and activated the barrier swiftly while the rest attacked them with more spells.

Going head-on was impossible since the difference in strengths was clear to everyone here.

This cycle kept repeating until suddenly a fireball approached towards them, not from the front or any other direction that Kara had already anticipated, but from behind them.

Kara turned to dodge the fireball and also see the source of the attack, which was another student who had climbed a tree. He was one of the archers in William’s group, but when they had descended to counter both of them, one of them had been told to sneak out behind both the girls while the eight others distracted the two of them.

The fireball was dodged easily, and Kara sighed in relief, but that was what William had wanted from the start. In that moment of relief, Desmond swiftly launched a spell towards Kara’s bracelet, taking her off guard and leading to her elimination.

After repeatedly dodging and breaking the barriers of the group in front of them, Kara had entered a monotonous state due to the repeated pattern, which was later exploited by taking her off guard.

Katherine looked in shock at the sudden change of events, but still being fourth rank, she had much more awareness than the others here.

After eliminating Kara, the students erupted in cheers. After all, they were the bottom students of class A1, and they had just eliminated one of the top 10.

Drowned in the feeling of euphoria, they didn’t see that Katherine had already taken out a dagger.

"Watch out!!" Desmond shouted, but her warning went to waste as the seven students around him got eliminated swiftly.

Katherine moved like a serpent slithering between the group and striking their bracelets precisely with her dagger.

Desmond tried to stop her with a few spells, but a barrier erupted around her moving figure and protected her as he took out the last of the seven students.

Her next target was the cadet in the tree whose legs shook as he saw her approaching the tree with a deadly expression.

"Shit, we have pissed her!!" Desmond gritted his teeth as he saw her dodge the last of his spell; he only had a healing spell with him now.