Chapter 322. Like Father, Like Son - 2

Lux stood behind William with a maniacal smile, holding the divine sword, "Thank you, you shall become an example of why mortals should never dare to ask for more than they deserve. You mortals from the scarred lands are wretched dogs. You lack strength and beg to the gods for help."

"kehkeh!! Do you know how many women this land was sold to the church to serve me as virgin nuns? I wouldn’t touch their dog-like bodies; I have standards."

Lux twisted the sword; the flesh of William’s abdomen squirmed under the relentless force.

"At least they know their place, but you!! And your father!! You, wretches, thought of defying my will!!!"

"Now pay with your lives!!"

Suddenly, the sky thundered, and the barrier of the realm broke.

Skreeech Sunchaser released a shrill cry of despair.

"You bastard!!!!" The heavenly will and Lady Velma immediately engaged with Lux.

Meanwhile, for William, it was complete silence. His eyes widened; he looked at his own mana core, broken and pierced right through his own stomach.

The foundation of all existence was separated from him; in front of him, a screen flashed in red.

[The host is dying.]

Below that, another line flashed.

————⁜⁜⁜————

Oracle of Pandemonium (F) (Suppressed)

Eyes cannot see everything, even if they belong to the #%@ himself.

Effects:

Follow your heart when it tries to fly away from the cage of what is known to you.

[Locked ...]

————⁜⁜⁜————

It finally clicked to William: "That warning."

"Khekkh!!" Surprisingly, he chuckled before his body limped on the ground, devoid of breath and life.

Skreech!!!! Sunchaser cried his eyes out, coming beside William’s fallen figure; his beak repeatedly nudged the lifeless body in despair.

The swan got so mad that it started striking its head on the ground in despair.

He had been too late this time as well; 16 years ago, his master had given him a single task: protect his heir and his family, yet it had failed.

After so much time, William had arrived in his life, giving him hope of renewal, hope of reviving everything, and the hope of making everything right.

But he had failed his own master again; just like before, he was late.

16 years ago, he had nudged the infant repeatedly to wake up with his beak; even now, he did the same.

"Pathetic!!"

"I am pathetic; I am so pathetic!!" Sunchaser cried; he wanted to kill himself for being so worthless.

Meanwhile, in the sky, Lady Velma conjured a tornado of white cloth before binding Lux in her constraints. Meanwhile, the heavenly will continuously rained the highest order of heavenly thunder on him.

"Khehehe! You think I feel any pain? This guy you are cooking under your lightning is a native of your own domain, hahahhaha!!!"

"I will now take my leave. This was my spirit medium; see you soon, Witch of Corruption." Lux declared before the restrained figure let out a jerk from his neck, and in an instant, Lux’s spirit came out of Winston’s body; he gave a flashing smile before the spirit medium poofed into the air as if it had never existed.

As soon as he disappeared, the heavenly will roared, "Lux!! I am coming for you, bastard!! Just you wait!!" it said before directly disappearing high above the sky with the intent to chase him.

Lady Velma looked at the swan lamenting its life near William’s body.

She descended to the ground and said, "You want to avenge your master??"

She asked the sunchaser, but the swan was too affected to reply to anything.

Velma looked at him for a moment before she turned around. "Come to my domain if you want to grow strong."

The air turned misty, and the lady returned into the fog of the astral plane in an instant.

The full moon was fixed in the sky.

From afar, Minglong and Yue flew at their full speeds towards the central point of chaos that they had witnessed from afar.

What they saw shook them to their cores; it was William’s body pinned by a sword. Yue’s fears turned to reality; her hands shook. Her dream repeated in front of her eyes. Meanwhile, Minglong’s expression was grim.

"Impossible!! He is the fateless!!" she exclaimed in denial.

At the same time, the city that had disappeared returned; everyone returned to their original positions. For them, inside the domain of infinity, they had spent a day instead of a mere five minutes.

Annasthasia and Tamasya were etched with dread already, but as soon as they appeared back, the sight in front of them left them frozen.

"WILLIAM!!!" Tamasya screamed at the top of her lungs and immediately appeared beside him. With shaking hands, she checked his breath.

She checked again and again and again.

Yet each time she got the same answer, there were no breaths left in this body.

Meanwhile, Annasthasia, by her son’s side, just remained frozen; she could not feel, and she could not see. The sight in front of her was too treacherous, too unfair, too unforgiving.

Everyone else walked close to the spot; they were all filled with heaviness. A single child of 16 had held back a god on his own. The feat was unheard of and demanded celebration, but the cost it had asked was too much.

Rominus arrived above the sky and slowly descended with a blood-covered form; his sharp eyes looked at the impaled body. He did not need any more recognition; this young man was truly his father’s son.

Like Rudra, William had not done any less; he had held back a god himself. They all knew it silently.

The heavenly will was nowhere around, as if too ashamed to show its face.

Tamasya’s screams spread throughout the clearing, replacing the silence; her voice reminded everyone of the helplessness she felt looking at her lifeless love.

Annasthasia was a dam holding herself back; her mind was restless, trying to find something that could help her fix everything. She wanted to save her son, no matter what.

She could not give up; everything would come later, but today she would die trying everything she could to save William.

Suddenly, she stood up with a serious expression on her face.

Everyone held their breaths suddenly; under the moonlit sky, she walked past everyone and came face-to-face with Samantha.

"Call her out."

Samantha’s eyes widened. "But..."

Anasthasia didn’t listen. "I SAID COME OUT!!!!" she screamed at the top of her lungs, taking everyone by surprise. Some felt that Anastasia had lost her reason under her grief.

But their eyes widened when they saw Samantha’s body shake for a moment before her pupils disappeared, and only white sclera was left looking back at Anne.

"Break the seal," Samantha spoke in a strange, mysterious voice before her body flopped and she lost consciousness.