Chapter 265. Heavenly Tempest Annihilation

William stood on the back of Rah. The strong winds rushed past him as they moved through the vast sky that looked endless in every direction.

"You should stop now," William said.

His tone was calm and felt out of place given the dangerous situation they were currently in.

"What the hell?? Human, do you even realize what you are saying? Do you want us to die???"

Rah’s voice echoed sharply in his mind, filled with agitation and disbelief.

Listening to the restless voice of Rah, William shook his head. "No, trust me. Even if what I am trying to do fails, we will still come out safe at the end."

He spoke with unwavering confidence and a steady expression on his face that suggested complete confidence in his survivability.

Rah’s tail eye looked at William. "I am not taking any risk. I just met you a few moments ago. You might be a masochist fool for all I know!!"

Rah’s reply made William’s face twitch. "Let me land on a stationary surface, then you can escape."

William told Rah, making his one big eye blink for a moment. Rah closed the distance with a nearby plain, half-circular stone platform levitating in the midst of the empty sky.

The floating platform appeared stable enough and did not drift very fast.

William jumped off Rah’s back and looked up at him, only to see that Rah had already vanished in a single second.

But William knew better. He could sense Rah lurking behind the clouds several miles away. It seemed like the desire to awaken his echo had overshadowed the fear Rah felt.

A faint smirk appeared on William’s face as he understood Rah’s intentions.

With a shake of his head, William looked at the flying Vykers who had closed in instantaneously and were now circling him in the air within a few hundred meters of radius.

William saw hundreds of these creatures snarling at him. They were trying to intimidate him like beasts usually do with their prey. But their behavior led to an almost opposite reaction from William, who was now excited.

Instead of fear, there was anticipation in his eyes.

He imagined having a whole legion of these creatures under his command. Who would dare defy his authority then? And his goal of erasing the demons would not be so far away.

The thought lingered in his mind, growing stronger every second.

Just the thought of being in control of such a force made his heart thump. Anyway, he was going to try something which he had been itching to do inside his own domain, but now that things had come to this, why not use it on some live targets?

William transformed his Crimson Aeon into the Nine Heavens Storm Cleaver sword and stood in a specific ritualistic stance.

Demonic energy laced with the storm element gathered around him, and several sigils formed before they started rotating around his figure as he changed his grip on the sword’s handle.

The energy around him intensified with each passing second.

With a silent whisper, words left his mouth.

’Tempest Sword Art’

’Seventh Form: Heavenly Tempest Annihilation’

---

Heavenly Tempest Annihilation

The ultimate form of this technique summons a heavenly thunderstorm in the sky, completely obliterating the designated target irrespective of the defense used. The enemy’s mana or energy is sealed during the activation of this technique.

---

Everything claimed in the description was happening. As soon as the blue sigils had appeared around William, the Vykers’ variance energy had started going haywire. The atmosphere began to distort under the influence of the technique.

While originally the enemy’s energy was supposed to be sealed, due to the effect of varying energy in the atmosphere, it resulted in a much worse reaction. These Vykers grew restless at the sudden loss of control over their variance energy.

The Vykers started losing their calm, and some even crashed into each other.

Chaos spread among them rapidly.

But the same was not the case for the bigger Vyker, who showed no reaction at all. Seeing his minions get out of control, he grew furious.

Before William could fully activate the technique, it wanted to stop him immediately. For that reason, he streaked toward William’s figure, who had closed his eyes in full concentration.

The distance between them closed rapidly.

Almost six sigils were completely constructed, and as soon as the last one was formed, William believed that he would be unstoppable. But little did he know that death was so close to him.

The leader, Vyker, was about to pounce on William when he was suddenly ambushed by Rah from the side. Witnessing William causing these Vykers to lose control over their variance energy, Rah realized that William was far more capable than he appeared. So, to help him, Rah decided to intervene instead of running away.

Rah’s sudden return shifted the momentum of the battle as his horns embedded into the back of the Vyker leader and halted him in his tracks.

"Raaah!! You whoreson, you are courting death!!" the leader Vyker shouted. His anger surged visibly.

"Back off, Dan. I found him first."

Rah’s voice carried both defiance and urgency.

The leader named Dan grew even more furious. "You dare to tell me to back off. Did you forget who I am??, do you..."

Before the intimidation cry of Dan could be completed, the seventh sigil manifested around William.

At that exact moment, the technique reached completion. Storm element rumbled around him, and the Nine Heavens Storm Cleaver howled as if it were alive.

The weapon seemed to resonate with the storm element.

Both the Vykers fighting stopped and looked at William’s glowing blade. Even the rest of the hundreds of Vykers looked at it with their tail eyes.

A strange silence fell over the battlefield.

The glow was so immense and bright that the rest of the world turned dark.

All attention was drawn to a single point.

William, meanwhile, with his eyes closed, raised the glowing long sword. After gripping the handle firmly with both hands, he adjusted his stance. Almost instantly, he struck the ground and pinned the sword firmly into the floating platform.

The impact echoed outward, and waves of energy rippled outward.

A moment of silence followed before a beam of light erupted from the sword and tore through the sky and the clouds.

The sky seemed to split apart.

William opened his eyes. There might be no heavens in this realm like Aris, so he was curious about what would happen if he executed this form here.

Sensing that his demonic energy had been completely drained by the attack. He immediately drank a recovery potion, meanwhile he looked at the blinding beam in the sky.

The strain on his body was evident.

Suddenly, the beam dispersed into thin air. William looked into the sky at the parted stretch of clouds. The breath he was holding in anticipation was exhaled as he saw nothing.

For a moment, it seemed like nothing had happened.

The Vykers, now free from the energy disruption, swirled around him with renewed excitement, while Rah struggled to counter Dan’s assault.

Just as everyone thought that it was over for William, the sky crackled.

Boom!!

An explosive sound echoed like a divine judgment.

Space tore apart in the sky, and a huge beam of teal-blue energy shot down before obliterating a Vyker out of thin air.

The death was so instant that for a few moments everyone found it had to believe what had happened.

"Huh??" Dan, the leader of the Vykers, looked at the phenomenon with a widened eye at the tip of his tail.

Before long, even more beams of teal-blue energy shot from the sky, targeting the swarm of Vykers. The Vykers panicked and started flying around in a frenzy.

Their formation had completely collapsed.

Several beams shot out from the sky. Some missed, while others struck and obliterated them instantly.

Before long, Dan, along with his men, fled in panic. Even for creatures of this realm, life was precious, and death was a terrifying outcome.

----------

[A/N - Refrence images of Vykers]