Chapter 298. Gathering Allies - 3

"I apologise, I meant William Kaiser Solaris" Elion’s tone was casual but the reaction he got was not.

Seeing the widened eyes Elion sighed, it seemed that William had already left some impression in the minds of these people for them to react like that.

He shook his head and then looked at the Storm dragon "I thank Lord Yun Long in advance for his assistance, I must now take my leave since I have other places to visit and gather as many allies I can"

Elion stood up and bowed and joined his hands, this was a way of greeting followed in the Long clan and Elion being knowledgeable about the customs across the whole Aris knew how to interact with leaders across the continent.

Coincidentally he was using his diplomatic abilities to the best trying to convince and gather like minded people in the time of crisis.

His next destination was the Sky Break Empire, although he had told Andrea to go and meet Emperor Rominus, his talent called ’Crimson Moon Manipulator (SSS)’ told him that his assistance would be needed there.

Elion greeted Ming Long next and mildly nodded at the tense Yue Qinglan before taking his leave.

As soon as he left, Minglong turned her sharp gaze towards Yun Long. Yun Long sensed her gaze and a drop of sweat left his temples.

"Even if that boy is the heir of Rudra Solaris, even if he is the golden prodigy of his generation and lover of true godhood ranked being Tamsya, even then there was absolutely no possibility of him forcing you into a heavenly oath, tell me what really happened!!" Ming Long asked knowing very well that Yun Long was hiding something.

Yun Long gulped "That boy somehow knew about my past and some of my deepest secrets, so I made a deal with him to not open his mouth in exchange for my assistance in difficult times."

Ming Long crossed her arms again "That’s unlike you, why did you not kill him if he knew about your secrets, why did you compromise Yun Long, why did you compromise??"

Yun Long took a deep breath and straightened, he spoke in a deep but tired voice "Storm stopped me, and warned me against the idea of harming him, to the point that it could be fatal."

As Yun Long recalled his experience both Yue and Ming Long looked at each other, Ming Long remembered how that lady had revealed all her past and her secrets in seconds before leaving her helpless.

Listening to a similar situation with William, the belief of him being the actual fateless became stronger in her mind. She was lost in her thoughts for a moment before saying.

"Alright, I will be assisting you!!" she said looking at Yun Long.

"Master??"

Yun Long frowned and asked "Why??"

Ming Long spoke with a cold tone "Of course because I am your wife"

The way she said it made it even more difficult for Yun Long to believe her, but what could he even say, Ming Long had a very ferocious personality, and since Yun Long wanted peace of mind he avoided further questions.

"Master, what will you do?" Yue who had been silently listening to them asked while she poured tea for Yun Long.

Ming Long looked at her and smiled for a moment.

"I personally will go after the astral wardens that are close to the Pope, one at a time, while your old man Yun can take some of the troops of Long clan and march towards the Holy Sun Empire in alliance with the Celestial Army"

At this point Yun Long almost choked on his tea, but soon regained his bearing and asked Minglong with a surprised expression.

"Are you sure old Ming??"

Ming nodded lightly at first and then her eyes sharpened "Who are you calling old??"

***

Inside the Celestial Army headquarters..

The headquarters were quite peaceful, after the recent battle against Demon Lord Belial’s forces, many of the officers were on vacations, the whole atmosphere was quiet as if the collective wills of the war torn soldiers were healing.

Suddenly the floating island shook, all the birds and flying fauna were disturbed, their panicked creaks created an uncomfortable atmosphere.

*bang!!*

A massive draconic fist squarely landed on a thin violet katana blade, space element flickered and Marcus disappeared from his position.

Xaeroth, the dragon emperor chuckled midair and twisted his body at unnatural angles to counter a certain section of space with his punch.

A portal soon appeared at that point and Marcus’s sword clashed with his fist again.

Officially Xaeroth was here to sign deals of cooperation with the Celestial Army - unofficially he was here to catch up with his cousin and his sparring partner.

"You have improved a lot" Xaeroth spoke with excitement filled eyes.

"Trust me, I am holding back, not to break your bones" Marcus spoke earning even more frantic blows from the dragon emperor.

"Hahahaha!!! Today I am feeling energetic, I want to lowkey blast off this entire piece of land" Xaeroth spoke.

"Oi oi!! Don’t get carried away douche bag!!!"

Just then the door to the training facility opened with a bang.

With a serious expression Andrea stepped in towards them.

Mid air Marcus sensed the unease and quietly landed near Andrea. Xaeroth meanwhile remained clueless.

"Ora ora ora!!!!"

He descended towards Marcus’s figure which had stopped now, with a punch that carried enough energy to obliterate the whole floating island.

Marcus turned and looked at him diagonally as if saying all the best, just then Xaeroth’s vision turned blank as Andrea’s raised heel struck his cheek bone and rendered him unconscious.

"Tsk," Marcus sneered before turning to look at Andrea and asking with a serious expression on his face.

Andrea got to the point directly without leaving any detail out.

a few minutes later...

"So it turns out that William Kaiser is Rudra’s son," she said.

By now, Marcus’s expression had turned for the worse.

He took out a token from his storage ring and activated it. In just a few seconds, several commanders of the celestial army appeared in front of the duo.

Among them was Damian Cross.

Marcus addressed him, "Damian, I am assigning your unit under Andrea’s leadership. Help her hunt down a wretch hiding in the abyss, mobilise the whole force. You have two hours."

Damian stood up and bowed before disappearing in an instant to prepare the abyssal extermination unit.

"The rest have one day to get their divisions ready for a battle; the details will be dwelt upon later."

As soon as Marcus finished, the rest of the commanders disappeared as well.

Andrea suddenly spoke, "We can’t mobilise all the tropes without alerting the council, after all, they hold as much authority as us," Andrea said.

Marcus spoke with a determined expression, "The celestial army exists to purge demons. If we can prove the church’s collusion with the demonic cults, then we will have the high ground, I am ready to take once-in-a-lifetime risk, after all it’s useless serving some spineless people"

Marcus said, he knew the reason why Andrea had left the council and despised the fact that the primarchs were morally corrupted to the core"