Chapter 190. Choose words wisely, they may be your last - 2

When Arwen approached William and talked about him being betrothed to Seraphine, William hadn’t even needed to doubt Seraphine for a moment; he was confident that she was completely loyal to him.

He didn’t doubt her even for a moment.

But chances were that she might be being forced into this marriage by her mother or maybe the political sphere of the Sylvaris empire, and so William used his omniscient eyes (SSS) talent.

He used the ability to see through lies and checked whether Arwen’s words held any speck of truth in them or not. And as expected, his words were complete bullshit.

Strangely, he could see a dark and murky halo around this elf thanks to the omniscient eyes.

Understanding about the halo entered William’s mind, and it seemed to be indicating that Arwen’s survivability and fate were grim.

William didn’t know why, but this guy seemed to be in deep shit somehow since, on the surface, everything looked alright other than him being a jealous suitor of Seraphine.

"Talking about entertainment, I wonder how entertaining she is in bed. You must know, right?" The words left Arwen’s smug face and rang around the cafeteria, making everyone freeze.

His words had just crossed so many invisible lines that he didn’t even realize, and the ones who heard him couldn’t believe that this elf talked about the imperial princess in such a manner.

Especially the elves who imagined how the empress would react when she learned about the words this guy spoke about her daughter.

William froze mid-eating as he heard Arwen speak. While his anger boiled with fury, he also realized why this elf’s survivability seemed so grim earlier.

William’s fury boiled, but he controlled it for a few seconds. He noticed a similar halo behind Arwen.

A human third-year student stood behind Arwen with a much darker and more sinister halo, and from the looks, he recognized him as Edward Sinclair.

Edward, meanwhile, stood as if he wasn’t even present in the room, showing a completely clueless expression, but William knew better.

He felt a faint connection between Arwen’s halo and Edward’s halo, and the whole scene told him something that stopped him from killing Arwen immediately.

But still, his Seraphine had been slandered by this bitch, and he won’t let him die in peace.

zoop

Bam!!

The last thing Arwen saw was clouds, pristine white clouds, and the aerial view of the cafeteria building.

Meanwhile, what others saw was completely different; they just saw William sitting in his seat unresponsive, looking at Arwen silently and expressionlessly.

But suddenly, in a single moment, as if a switch had been flipped, the high elf was flung upwards by an invisible force and then proceeded to crash through the ceiling of the cafeteria, which was located on the top floor.

A big hole appeared in the ceiling as Arwen shot out into the sky, but that scene didn’t stop there.

Arwen’s body changed directions midair as if a giant invisible hand was flinging him. He burst downward through another spot in the ceiling of the building and kept being thrashed in the air randomly like a rag doll.

Ethan and Leila, sitting close to William, noticed his eyes moving shortly after, at which point the floating body of Arwen followed the same trajectory.

Arwen’s body became a toy for William; a few seconds passed, and in those seconds, Arwen had already been smashed into different objects almost hundreds of times.

He kept it on until a shout came from behind.

"Stop!!"

William looked at Professor Morgan and Headmaster Kevin descending from the sky through the broken ceiling; he didn’t stop in actuality.

In fact, midair, when Arwen’s body had been flung out of the range of perception of the celestial army soldiers guarding him, William had switched Arwen’s body with Amorphous during the last swing as he sensed the arrival of two professors, who had now taken Arwen’s shape using shapeshifter.

Meanwhile, Amorphous was the one who lay battered and broken, smashed on the cracked floor.

William had sent Arwen into the hellish pits inside the domain of the infinite; he would deal with Arwen later.

Of course, he won’t kill him, but he would make Arwen wish that he did. He would not even torture him; he would play him like a pawn. He would play Edward’s own game on him, and he would make everyone involved in this scheme regret thinking such things about his Sera.

While Morris glared at William, he went on to check on the injured and duplicate Arwen.

Head professor Kevin just looked at William with wide eyes overflowing with shock.

He didn’t say it out loud; in the heat of all the drama, he was sure no one realized it, but he did. William had just used spiritual energy.

His brain hurt as he realized the anomalous fact: William could use spiritual energy and mana at the same time; he was a dual energy user, an anomaly never seen in Aris.

Meanwhile, William also understood that Kevin had realized this fact, but he didn’t mind.

If he had really wanted to hide this matter, then he would have never purchased the true armament subjugation artfrom the academy shop.

It was these guys that were too late to realize this.

A dual energy user was unheard of, and even Ethan, the protagonist, wasn’t such an anomaly until very late in the novel, and the story of him gaining those powers was a tale of its own.

Kevin came out of his stupor but was still too stunned to comment on anything out loud while Morris shouted at William, "You need to come with me!!"

"I don’t think there’s a reason to; I did nothing," William spoke as he did not bother standing from the chair and just returned to munch on his food.

"Don’t lie!! Everyone saw it was you!!" Morgan shouted out loud, pointing his finger at him, as someone in the divinity stage; even he had sensed William’s usage of spiritual energy.

William just shrugged. "But I didn’t lift a finger."

Morgan gritted his teeth while William kept on with his words, "You may ask anyone present in the hall."

He moved to look at Galeion. "Did I do anything, Gale??"

Galeion shook his head while looking at Morgan. "No professor, William did not even move from his seat, even when this guy spouted such disrespectful words against our friend Seraphine. If anyone is at fault, it’s him," he said, pointing at Arwen’s crashed figure.

As if on cue, Kara, Desmond, Ethan, Maximus, and Leila all spoke up against Arwen. They told Morgan of what Arwen had truly said and how there should be disciplinary action against him.

Morgan’s brows stiffened; he was about to mention that William used spiritual energy.

"Don’t say it!! Let it remain a secret!!" Klaus’s voice transmission sounded, stopping Moris from saying it out loud.

Except for the celestial army warriors, Morgan and Kevin, almost no one had sensed the use of spiritual energy.

William’s control over it was too precise, and now Kevin did not want such a hidden ace to be revealed publicly.

"Kevin, are you saying William Kaiser can keep doing anything he wants and get away with it??" Morgan gritted his teeth as he talked to Kevin through voice transmission.

"Have you not heard the other students?"

"Princess Seraphine was defamed by him. Do you really believe that anyone will benefit from further investigation into this matter? What happens if Empress Selena finds out about this?"

"Even though you are aware of what this guy just questioned the character of elven princess, what will you do when you are summoned by the empress Selena?"

"Will you stand up for Arwen before her? I’m recommending this for your own benefit: don’t take a these children’s brawls too far."

Morgan gave Kevin a fierce look but remained silent because, as kevin said, he didn’t want to bear the consequences of what Arwen had spouted.

He turned to William. "How would you explain the injured figure of Arwen when you say that you were not behind injuring him?"

William gave a shrug. "Perhaps he was suffering from convulsions, or perhaps he was cursed by a demon. Who knows? Under these curses, people act differently."

He said, "I heard he just returned from a mission; maybe he was cursed by some demonic followers."

As students whispered to one another, William’s remarks reverberated throughout the hall.

Everyone had witnessed Arwen being thrown around like a rag doll, and the only explanation for this seemed to be that he might be cursed.