Chapter 195. Talking to Master

"Sigh!!"

William sighed for the nth time in the domain of the infinite; he had just returned after scaring the shit out of Arwen.

William had wanted Arwen to straight up go and report Edward as the demon in disguise. As for why anyone would believe him?

William had it all covered; Arwen would be able to prove his point using the oath of heaven, although there might be some gaps, but William decided that he would manipulate events further to fill them.

As for Edward, William had placed a mental curse on him; he could influence his thoughts to some extent.

But unfortunately Arwen had decided to assist the fake demon to harm William. That was a bit unexpected but not a possibility that was out of question.

Now that things had taken shape, William left things flow as they were right now; soon things would fall into place, and both Arwen and Edward would walk into a trap they would never even realize was a trap until they died.

He had also left a mental curse on Arwen, and the main effect of this curse was that William had a bit of control over the thinking ability and dreams of the affected target, and that was all he needed to make them fall into deep pits of abyses.

A few minutes passed as William discussed a few potential things that were about to change. They were going to leave the academy, and the reason for emptying out the campus was not clear; it couldn’t be just to train kids. The academy was the best place to do so; they could simulate all kinds of situations inside the campus itself.

And the fact that the camp’s location was going to be a secret that even the parents were not informed about deepened William’s unease to a whole another level.

"I think Master might know the reason; I think I should contact her," William spoke, but then he remembered the awkwardness between them and couldn’t decide whether it would be a good idea.

A few minutes of overthinking landed him nowhere, and at the end he just cursed. "Fuck it," he said before leaving the domain and appearing in his room; he activated the mark of destiny and willed to talk to Tamasya.

"Master!!!" he called out.

***

Tamasya’s floating island...

"Oh!! Shit!!!" Tamasya winced in pain. She had sat in a meditative position at the center of the hall, but the pain had made her lose her straight posture.

She collapsed on the floor and clenched her dress as the pain was inflicting directly on her core. She did not scream and bore the pain for the most part, but a few occasional curses were common from her mouth.

<"Careful, just a bit more and the sixth seal will break!!"> Shadow motivated Tamasya along the process, although the pain overshadowed everything.

The struggle of breaking every consecutive seal had exponentially increased, and now the sixth seal was testing Tamasya’s tolerance.

The attempt lasted for a few hours, but Tamsya was unable to break the seal; she tried hard, but the pain was soul-piercing and the struggle was unbearable even for a being like her.

With a sigh, Tamasya stood up; she had been trying to break the seal for quite a few days, but every attempt had been unsuccessful.

She walked out of the training hall to the kitchen; she opened a drawer where the only thing kept was a half-eaten piece of chocolate.

"This is the last piece." Tamasya took the piece and ate it slowly as she sat on the counter silently; various shadow manifestations worked around her but didn’t even make a click of noise.

This island that Tamasya lived on was the last heirloom of her clan, and it used to be her safe space during difficult times. The silence around her palace used to comfort her.

It was only after she had met William that she had felt kinship with another being; that feeling was strange, it was new, and it had made her heart race, and now that she had returned to her safe space, the silence that once used to make her feel safe was now making her feel lonely.

Training was a time when she did not think about William, and for that reason she kept herself busy in training for most of her time.

Right now she had gotten familiar and had adjusted her body to the regaining of strength after the breaking of the fifth seal recently.

The way she had lost control over her strength had made her embarrassed; she had noted that mistake and had now decided to adjust herself to the cultivation she regained after breaking every seal.

Another challenge she faced was that the amount of pain to break the sixth seal had reached a point where she felt shaken to the core after every failed attempt.

These chocolates William had left for her were a great source of comfort, but now that these chocolates were finished, it seemed that the only source of her comfort would go away.

<"Just ask your mate for more of these." >

"Don’t call him mate; he is not," Tamsya said while taking another small bite from the bar.

<"But you used to say otherwise a few months back">

"Didn’t you see? He has got someone else."

<"So what??">

Tamasya frowned. "What do you mean??"

<"He can just mate with both of you">

"He is not the type to take more than one wife, and I wouldn’t like to share him with someone else."

<"What’s wrong with that??" >

"Just stop it" Tamasya said in an uncomfortable manner.

She looked at the last piece of chocolate in her hands with nostalgia as if she would never be able to eat this again.

<"Just ask him for more,"> Shadow repeated her earlier sentence.

"I can’t!!. I mean, I don’t know~. Why should I reach out to him always? Shouldn’t he care about his master? Shouldn’t he contact me without me asking for it? It’s been a week. Has he contacted me even once?" Tamasya spoke while looking at her reflection on the floor.

"Hmph!! He must be thinking about his lover all the time; I am not his priority after all!!" Tamasya complained mockingly; she knew the reality, but complaining about men they loved was a trait every woman shared across all realms, and Tamasya was no exception.

"Master!!" William’s voice rang in her mind and jolted her in surprise.

The voice was so unexpected that she thought William had appeared by her side, and by instinct, she jumped from the kitchen slab and landed in a straight stance while looking around in alarm.

Only after a few seconds she realized that he was speaking to her through the mark they shared.

"William!!" Tamasya replied back in a shaky voice.

"Master!! Are you alright??" William’s concerned voice rang from the other side.

"Hmm, yes, I am fine." Tamasya replied with a sigh.

Looking at the tone, William got a green signal; it seemed his master would talk to him normally for now.

"How are you, master? Did you miss me?" He tried to joke awkwardly.

[Gosh, you are bad with women.]

"No," Tamasya replied with a cold tone; no further explanations were given by her.

Meanwhile, William felt like he spat rivers of blood at that cold reply. "Ouch," he gave a dry laugh.

Silence!!*

He received no sarcastic reply back like he used to when they used to joke around, that was before William joined the academy.

Meanwhile, William felt like jumping off the balcony due to embaressment; Tamasya remained silent, a bit annoyed at him. William had contacted her on his own, contradicting the complaints she had just voiced about him not caring for her at all.

Tamasya didn’t reply, throwing all the weight of keeping the conversation alive on William.

"Master, are you busy right now? Did i disturb you?"

"Yes"

"Oh sorry about that, by the way what are you doing?"

"Nothing"

"Oh!!! (┬┬﹏┬┬)"

William finally decided to stop the small talk and get to the point.

"Did you know that our academy curriculum has changed?"

"What?? Really?" tamasya exclaimed

"Yes, I guess you had no idea about it."

"No, it’s really surprising; the curriculum has not been touched for so many years," Tamasya said, making William feel relieved; at least she got her to talk a full sentence.

"What have they changed??" Tamasya asked

"I am not sure about the whole situation, but they are emptying the whole academy and moving students to undisclosed locations where they will be trained with the celestial army."

"You are kidding, right!!" Tamsya gave a dry laugh as she couldn’t believe his words.

"No, that is what our professor informed us. We are instructed to contact our guardians and inform them that we would remain uncontactable during the whole duration of this training camp."

William then proceeded to explain everything he knew to her.

Tamasya and William, both of them forgot about the awkwardness that had prevailed between them a few moments ago as their conversation revolved around the current topic.

"I guess I would need to talk to Andrea about this," Tamasya sighed; the news William had revealed was too huge to ignore even for her.

"Will you also tell me what is happening behind the scenes that the students and the rest of the world are unaware of?"

"What will you do with that kind of information?" Tamsya asked a raised brow.

"Curiosity," William replied with a single word.

"Will think about it."

"Please~" William cried in a cute voice.

"Tsk! Alright." Tamasya replied with a sigh and then silenced herself.

"Master!"

"Yes"

"I want to tell you something, something I’ve been meaning to tell you for a long time. I think I should tell you this because I trust you with my life," William said.

Recently he had come to a realization that revealing Tamasya about his identity as Eternal sovereign was not a bad idea; she carried his mark of destiny, which made her completely loyal to him.

He avoided telling Sera because she was too young and weak to get involved in all the shit he put himself in regularly.

But Tamasya was different; she was mature and capable and would only help him in his cause, and due to the mark of destiny, he had no fear of his secrets slipping out from her tongue.

He had confirmed it with the system, and the system did not object at all.

[She is your future wife; why would I object?]

"God!! Stop with that!!" William cried

Meanwhile a storm had hit Tamasya’s heart.

Badump!!* Badump!!*

"W-what is it?" Her voice cracked,she gulped and asked William with a voice filled with curiosity and anticipation.

"I will tell you when we meet, face-to-face," William said.

"No!! Tell me right now!!" Tamsya demanded.

"Bye, master, see you later" William chuckled and turned off the connection.

"W-wait!!!" Tamasya called out, but it was too late.

Theoretically she could contact him again, but her feminine ego stopped her from doing that, although the impending declaration that William had left her with was making her heart beat crazily.

"What will he say?" Her mind was driven crazy as she could not help but think about what he wanted to tell her.