Chapter 214. Emperors bow in front of my Lord

Riverdale empire

Draconis mansion...

It was the time of evening, and quite a few hours had passed since Duke Rizwell had visited Delta(Maris) to inform her about the sudden and massive decision that the human emperor had taken.

He was now sitting in his study with a serious expression on his face. His next decision would depend on Eternal Sovereign’s advice.

It was not the case that he was not decisive enough.

The only thing that made him leave this decision to the Eternal Sovereign was the impression this unknown entity had created in his mind.

Although he still doubted the scope of the eternal sovereign’s capabilities, he had realised that he did not know much about this person.

Mysterious enough to influence events without even showing his face or sword to the rest of the world, capable enough to lead a whole organization, and foresighted enough to shape a future in which his interests are met.

Rizwell felt that if he had the input of someone he genuinely felt had such capability, then it would simply take some weight off his shoulders.

The door to his office suddenly opened, and a servant bowed in front of him.

"Miss Delta is here to meet you, my lord," the servant said.

The presence of Delta was bound to be noticed by everyone, including servants; after all, the duke respected this woman and would always personally welcome her whenever she visited, which meant that she was no ordinary individual.

There were always people around you who would poke their noses into matters that weren’t their concern, either out of curiosity or a mission.

To sell a story to such individuals or even any other hidden informants of either the emperor or the rest of the dukes.

Rizwell and Delta had decided to spread the rumors that Delta was an influential merchant from a southern empire. The rest of the details were left unreported for people’s imagination to fill in.

Rizwell nodded. "Bring her in."

A few minutes later, Maris walked into his study.

She quietly took a seat under Rizwell’s gesture.

"Lady Delta, I hope you bring answers for my restless mind," the duke said while he erected a soundproofing barrier around them.

He then personally served Delta some tea; if anyone else had looked at this scene, they would have been left shocked, but for Duke Rizwell, he considered Delta a special guest and had no qualms about doing such gestures.

"You may rest your worry for some time, Sir Rizwell; the attack will be postponed," Maris said, looking at Rizwell, who was in no mood to joke.

"What!! "Really?" Rizwell asked with a shocked tone.

Maris just nodded.

"May I ask how the sovereign knows about this? I haven’t gotten news about the postponement." Rizwell said

Maris blew air at the hot cup quietly before replying, "It was the sovereign who forced the emperor to postpone the attack; of course, you will get the word from the Royal palace in a few hours."

"Excuse me, Miss Delta, are you kidding me?" Rizwell finally asked, as he could not help but say it out loud.

Maris stopped drinking the tea. "Lord Rizwell, are you doubting the Eternal Sovereign’s capability to make the emperor change his mind?"

Rizwell immediately regretted letting his tongue loose. "Oh no, My lady, don’t take offense at such words; it’s just that convincing the emperor seemed like an impossible task to me; after all, we all are aware of his temper and tenacity."

"Hmph, emperors can only bow in front of the Eternal Sovereign," Maris said casually before standing up.

"Prepare your men, Lord Rizwell; the next time the emperor summons you to go on a battle, you must accept. My lord will be overseeing the battle," Maris declared.

Rizwell also stood up in a hurry. What did Maris mean by

"Next time??"

Was the emperor not ready to drop the matter?

"Wait, my lady."

He stumbled and turned to follow her.

"I have a few affairs that I need to handle; I would appreciate it if you would excuse me for today," Maris replied coldly before leaving the Duke nervous.

He cursed his loose tongue again, but still, forcing a decision on the human emperor seemed too far-fetched.

Sure, the sovereign might be stronger than the emperor, but that did not warrant control over the will of the emperor, who was protected by the almighty ancestor of Riverdale.

A few seconds after Maris left, Adam walked into the study looking confused. "My lord, I just saw Lady Delta leave your office."

Rizwell nodded; with a sigh, he returned to his seat.

He erected a soundproofing barrier around them and explained Delta’s claim that the Eternal sovereign had forced the emperor to reevaluate his decision and postpone the attack that was supposed to commence in two days.

"Impossible, my lord!!"

"For an independent organization to influence the decisions of an empire’s ruler seems too exaggerated. If this claim of hers is really true, then the eternal sovereign’s influence is much deeper and wider than we earlier believed it to be."

Adam had a similar reaction to Rizwell.

Before they could continue, the space rippled, and a figure wearing a shadowed robe appeared in the corner of Rizwell’s room. It was the same hound that had delivered the message about the attack earlier.

The man came forward and bowed in front of the duke. "Pardon my intrusion," he said before handing a scroll to the duke and disappearing completely.

By now, Rizwell had already broken the soundproofing barrier. "Is this a joke for Aurelius? He is always invading my privacy." Rizwell gritted his teeth in frustration before opening the scroll and reading the message.

His gaze landed on the message, and a second later, a shocked expression appeared on his face.

"What happened, my lord?" Adam asked

Rizwell did not say anything and just passed the scroll to Adam.

A second later, another gasp sounded, this time from Adam’s side.

***

Maris appeared inside the domain of the infinite under William’s orders.

Now that the ability to enter the domain had been set up by William, she appeared and looked around the environment before taking a deep breath.

The rich air of the domain refreshed her and made her feel like home; she finally took off the mask that had been on her for a few months.

"Welcome back," she heard a familiar voice; it was William’s.

She turned around and saw him standing beside her; she did not know when he had appeared beside her, but that was not the main thing her mind remembered. She straightened before kneeling on one knee in front of William.

"My lord"

William looked at Maris; she seemed to be enjoying coming back from home. William was about to give her new orders, but now he stopped.

"Spend some time with others here and watch some TV for a few days, then I have some important stuff for you to take care," William said.

Maris nodded happily; she knew about the time dilation and did not object to William’s lenience.

William, meanwhile, disappeared from the domain, appearing back in his camp; he would enter the domain after an hour. Till then, he let Maris rest.

[I feel like the recent dreams are making your temperament more controlled and calm]

"I doubt."

[Why?]

"The only thing those nightmares do is remind me that I am not larger than life," William sighed.

"And that I should never let those whom I care about get affected ever again due to the wrong steps I took."

"Whether it’s Sera or Master, they are people that must never suffer due to my foolish choices, like what happened to Miles and my mom in my past lives."

[Talking about suffering, did you look at Tamasya’s tone and expression during the past few interactions? Do you still believe that you are not responsible for the loss of color on her face?

The system’s voice landed in William’s mind like a bomb, making him speechless. It was true; he knew it.

His master was suffering because he was complacent earlier about managing her emotions; whenever System voiced that she might have feelings for William, he always used to dismiss System’s reminder, reasoning that those feelings would disappear with time.

William sighed. "What should I even do, system?"

[Talk to Seraphine]

"Why? What does this have to do with her??"

[She is the only one who can give you a decisive answer.]

"Why do you think so??" William could not understand what the system was trying to imply.

[You always say that you don’t want to marry multiple wives, right??]

"Yes," William replied.

[That moral obligation of yours is something you carry from Earth’s value system. That should be irrelevant because in this world, polygamy and monogamy both are accepted; the world of Aris only cares about strength. As long as you are strong enough, you can do anything you want.

"Are you trying to coerce me to dream of a harem??" William’s brows furrowed.

[No, I am just telling you to accept the people that you care about and respect their feelings, acknowledge them, and give them a place in your life.]

"You are good with words, system." William laughed dryly now, trying to steer the conversation and trying to avoid the hard questions.

[I am not trying to coerce you into making a definite decision, but just don’t let people around you suffer]

William heard what System wanted to say; he took a deep breath and spent the next hour facing everything he had been avoiding till now.

The recent nightmares about his past life had made him realize that he might not always be right about everything.

-----------------

[A/N: I promise this was the last introspection moment that William had about his love life, next time he is going to take final action and sort the mess he created. And yes, he is going to Man up now.

The love drama will be minimal and will mostly be comedic and light hearted which won’t be irritating to read]