Chapter 198. Ming Long (命龙)

"Yue!!" Concern flickered across Andrea and Tamasya’s features as they both looked at the floating figure of Yue acting strangely.

From a distance Tamasya looked at Andrea. "She has lost control over herself." She shouted with heavy breaths.

Andrea’s expression was also grim; a bead of sweat appeared beside her forehead as she stood up. She looked at the strange projection of a giant mystical lotus with closed petals floating behind Yue.

Suddenly the clouds above the whole Aris rumbled, and thunder of the color of amethyst flickered around them as if ready to strike any mortal who dared to question their authority.

Both Yue and Andrea panicked; Yue’s strange condition had somehow attracted the attention of the heavens, and that was definitely not good news.

Suddenly the thunder rumbled even more violently above the academy domain; murky clouds created a blanket in the sky and veiled the sunlit sky completely; they were now covering the whole academy in their shade.

"Shit!! What did she even do??" Andrea and Tamasya panicked; they immediately erected several barriers around Yue, trying to protect her from an impending attack.

But things didn’t go their way; soon the thick dark blanket of clouds parted, and an amethyst beam of energy shot straight towards Yue, who was floating in the sky with her eyes closed.

The beam pierced every barrier erupted by both of them and went straight for the lotus projection behind Yue.

The mystical lotus sensed that it had been attacked; a shift appeared around the air, and the lotus bloomed while spinning momentarily.

Pink-flamingo-shaded clouds of energy appeared in the air around it, and from the center of its blooming petals, another beam erupted and shot straight towards the approaching beam.

Midway, the attack of the heavens was countered by the lotus; the lotus’s beam pushed back the heavenly beam, and at the same time, it protected Yue as well.

Both Tamasya and Andrea stared at the standoff with wide eyes that refused to blink; for them, it was the first time they had seen a heavenly attack getting countered.

The standoff released massive waves of energy throughout the continent, so much so that the aftereffects of such a clash would be reflected in the coming days.

Meanwhile, the standoff between the mystical lotus and the heavens did not last long before the heavenly beam retreated. Meanwhile, the lotus stopped as well, as if both of these wills had come to a truce.

Under the shocked gazes of Andrea and Tamasya, the clouds that had threatened to erase everything in front of them dispersed silently in defeat.

The lotus slowly stopped in its rotation, and its energy projection dispersed, leaving the figure of Yue under the mercy of gravity.

Her figure was caught by Andrea before it could touch the ground, and she slowly conjured a smooth crystal bed and laid Yue’s figure down on it.

Tamasya walked towards Andrea, who now inspected Yue’s condition.

"Is she alright??"

"Nothing beside mana exhaustion." Andrea nodded silently, still skeptical and unsure whether what she said was really the case.

"Well," Tamasya looked at her absentmindedly, "a lot happened in a few minutes." She spoke unsure whether she was dreaming or not.

Andrea gulped and took a deep breath before looking at her. "It seems that Anne’s man is alive and something was stopping Yue from realizing that."

Tamasya looked at Andrea. "Are you sure?? What if?? What she saw in her vision and the appearance of the sun during the night might be an indication of something else??"

"She said that she sensed the sprouting of a divine physique," Tamasya reasoned.

Andrea nodded. "Actually I am as lost as you. They say that two divine physiques can’t exist in the same era. When a divine physique appeared among titans, I felt strange, but still I reasoned that there is currently no divine physique holder on the Aris continent, and the last man who had such a physique died 15 years ago."

"But now after what Yue told us and how strangely she behaved, I am doubting the credibility of our preexisting knowledge about our world."

Andrea spoke as chills crept on her back. "Tamasya, I feel so lost," she said, looking at her sister with a rare expression that the outside world would never witness.

Tamasya rubbed Andrea’s back, trying to comfort her. "It’s alright, we’ll face every storm just like we have done till now."

"They are going to come here, aren’t they??" Tamasya asked a few minutes later.

"Yeah, the commotion was too huge to go unnoticed," Andrea nodded solemnly.

"You should go," she said while she shook her head before sighing.

Tamasya pressed her lips and nodded before her figure dissolved into shadows.

A few minutes passed, and several presences descended on Andrea’s secret office.

The figures floated above in the sky and looked below at Andrea’s and Yue’s collapsed figures; their expressions were distant and cold.

"Andrea, the 15th junior astral warden greets the elders."

Among the group stood Yun Long, the storm dragon; he asked, "What happened here?"

Andrea sweated before describing the whole phenomenon while keeping the talk about divination and the presence of Tamsya a secret.

"Impossible!! , so you are saying that you were just talking and the heavens attacked her out of nowhere?? and she survived somehow??" a man with a long white beard and strange robes asked.

Another man stepped forward. "Let us analyze her condition; we need to check whether she made a violation that offended the heavens."

Before Andrea could try to stop them, a voice boomed in the surroundings, "STAY AWAY FROM MY DISCIPLE!!!" A boom sounded, and a figure appeared in the air, looking at the figure that had appeared.

Yun Long, the storm dragon, sweated seeing the figure. A dragoness with white scales covering her neck, arms, and other areas of humanoid build floated in the air; her aura was silvery pink, very similar to Yue’s.

Andrea heaved a sigh of relief and turned toward the dragon lady. "Andrea greets the matriarch of the Long clan."

The dragon lady nodded, her hair fluttering in the air. Signs of aging were apparent on her skin, yet the mature charm would take the breaths away of young dragons, but that was not what she was known for.

She was known for holding the seat of matriarch and ruling over the long dragons with an iron fist; even the dragon emperor didn’t want to offend her.

She was the wife of Yun Long, the storm dragon, and her name was Ming Long (命龙), the fate dragon.

She did not pay any attention to the people gathered around; after warning everyone to stay away, she gently descended in front of Yue Qinglan and lifted her in her arms.

She turned to Andrea and patted her head with a smile. "Take care; you have gone thin. Are you eating properly these days or just surviving on tea?"

"Aunty, I am good," Andrea smiled and answered.

Ming Long smiled. "Visit our home someday. Yun has a lot of exotic tea herbs in his collection; I will pack you some."

Andrea nodded with delight.

Ming Long gave a nod to her, then turned to look at Yun Long. "We will have a talk once you come back from your island."

Yun Long gulped as he heard her; he knew the talk was going to be normal from the look she gave him.

Ming Long levitated in the air and took Yue away with her while the others remained standing there with no other choice.

"Ahem," the elders coughed before they took off one by one, returning to their own domains and avoiding any action for now.