Chapter 216. The way to win this war - 2

Maris kneeled on one knee in front of William like a knight and accepted the golden shaitan mask, Bio-mech orb, a divine spark realm beast core and a special blueprint from him.

Till the camp got over, William couldn’t leave the domain, but he could make his servants do some stuff in the outside world acting as Ravens, the so called elders of the Eternal Sovreign.

He also handed her the Trickster’s veil for emergency purposes.

"All the best," William said with a smile.

"It’s my honor to be of service to my lord," Maris spoke as she accepted the shaitaan mask.

William felt a rare change in Maris, like she was acting a bit differently. A bit more refined and elegant than before. He wondered what had happened in a few days that he had let Maris have as a form of rest.

"And why are those two peeking from behind the tree??" he thought as he looked at Barash and Ronin hiding behind a huge tree in a distance as if looking at some significant event.

Keeping those thoughts aside, William said goodbye to Maris and left the domain.

Meanwhile, Maris looked at the shaitaan Mask with great respect and reverence before standing up and turning to look at the two who were hiding behind the tree all this time.

A smile bloomed on her face as she walked to them.

"How did I do? Did I look similar to the knight on the TV?" she asked while looking at the figures of Barash and Ronin.

"You were amazing, Boss. For a moment, I forgot whether I was watching TV or reality." Barash stuck to full flattery. While Ronin added, "Barash, you are undermining the boss’s skills; I believe the boss was much better than that frail, scrawny knight we saw on the TV."

"It’s enough you two, stop with those inflated words of praise~" Maris spoke with a huge grin on her face that suggested she was happy about their comments rather than annoyed.

Barash and Ronin called her boss, even though they were superior in cultivation ranks. Yet in William’s hierarchy, servants were above slaves, and even these two recognized this.

Maris did not treat them badly at all, although she was getting too spoiled by their flattery. As Barash and Ronnin started acting like Maris was their boss, even Maris had silently and unconsciously started acting as their leader.

Even now, the bridge of her nose and chin were tight with silent approval at the comments these two were making about her ability and intellect. Although she knew that much of her mimicking the TV act was due to her natural acting talent bestowed on her by her lord.

She looked at these two, "Look at this, you guys," she said, and put on the golden shaitaan mask on her face, her blood red demonic pupils turned gold.

Her draconic wings and horns disappeared as she used shapeshifting simultaneously; her scales disappeared, and her structure leaned. Her grayish hair turned golden as well, making her look completely unrelated to anything dragon-like or even a normal creature of Aris.

Barash and Ronin showed surprised expressions. "Boss!! You changed completely!!"

"Do I look like a golden raven??" Maris asked, turning her torso while checking her white dress.

"Boss, you should wear something dark with golden ornaments; you should try to look mysterious for the job," Ronin suggested.

Maris nodded, "Well, it seems like I will have to shop for a bit before going to make the deal, it should look intimidating during the meet, right?"

The two slaves nodded in agreement. "Yes, boss, we are the eternal sovereign’s cult; we should look like bringers of death," Barash said while Ronnin contradicted him.

"Eww, don’t listen to him, boss. He is a muscle head. You should look elegant and reflect the soft power of our cult. You should give them the idea that we control the world."

Barash looked at Ronin with annoyance while Maris just nodded, "I will try to..." before saying her goodbyes and turning to leave.

***

a few hours later...

No man’s land.

The academy was located on a floating island; these floating islands did not move in the air and instead remained stationary.

The Academy’s floating island was located above the no-man’s-land just between Riverdale to the north and the Skybreak Empire to its south.

The land just below the academy’s island belonged to the academy itself and was used to lift students to the premises through an elevation platform run by antigravity arrays.

Every supply and resource was transported through this platform. During the start of the conflict, the demons had managed to destroy this platform, thus isolating the academy partially.

At this moment, Andrea and Kevin stood in a silent clearing, a few thousand miles west of that point.

They feared that demons might notice them leaving, so they hadn’t left in Andrea’s flying carriage instead, they had sneaked out secretly.

Andrea made sure nobody followed them, they were called here by the Eternal Sovereign, Kevin to be specific, while Andrea had just decided to tag along.

"How will they find us??" Andrea asked

"Dunno," Kevin shrugged cluelessly.

Suddenly, the ground shook around them, making the peaceful birds and other flying beasts restless and forcing them to fly away. The trees shook as something was approaching.

Then something entered Andrea’s perception range.

"What is happening??" Kevin wanted to ask, but before he could, the object entered his perception too; the sound disappeared for a moment before an explosion rocked the surroundings.

Boom!!

Andrea and Kevin looked at the sky. A massive black metal airship with golden sigils rotating around its hull; its body was sharp like a weapon, and it radiated an aura of a divine spark beast. The aura was not restrained at all; sparks of thunder charged the air around the ship.

It appeared in a blink, breaking the sound barrier in the sky before it stopped before the two. They had never seen something so grand before; sure, flying artifacts existed, but they were not as fast and aggressive as this one, and no artifact released the aura of a live beast.

"I sense the aura of a thunder roc king from this ship, like it’s been forged from its bones," Andrea spoke, shocking Kevin.

"Is it even possible to make something like this??" he said with a stunned expression. His eyes were fixed on the runic characters etched on the body of this ship, and they seemed beyond his understanding.

Kevin was the best formation master on the whole Aris; generations looked up to him in the field of formation mastery, yet he felt clueless as he gawked at the peak of artificing and rune smithing.

He wondered when he had last felt so amazed, then he remembered the academy trials when William had somehow hacked the best and most complex formations in the academy and had managed to erase any signs of tampering later with ease.

He had felt clueless at that time, and now, yet again, he felt the same emotion with much more intensity.

The ship descended in front of them and stopped at a small height above the ground, its boosters turned off, and the noise it was making quieted down while the hatch on the ship’s stomach opened up and a figure appeared in Andrea and Kevin’s sights.

It was the figure of a lady with a golden raven mask.

Andrea recalled the white raven she had met during the recent operation in the south; the golden mask looked similar, with the only difference being its color.

She immediately realized that the visitor was surely an emissary of the Eternal sovereign.