Chapter 196. Yue’s divination - 1

William cut the mental connection with a smile; he liked to tease Tamasya sometimes, although that occurrence had become rare recently.

Now that he had completed what he had been hesitant to do, he felt better.

Without waiting another minute, he entered the domain of the infinite and continued cultivating spiritual energy.

Even after reaching the SS rank in terms of spiritual core, Will still decided to cultivate it; mana cultivation would catch up since he had five bonds just cultivating mana, and if not for his own efforts, spiritual energy would fall far behind mana.

As for demonic energy, William didn’t bother with it; he had kept the energy for infiltration in demonic factions and to survive without supplements inside the abyss, and the current rank was enough to achieve that.

William’s whole arsenal was either mana-based or spiritual energy; even the way he fought employed these two energies for the most part.

William sat under his cultivation tree and cleared his mind before starting his cultivation.

A few days went by, and William stuck to his schedule precisely. There was no update from either Arwen or Edward, but from his omniscient eyes’ ability, he knew that the mental curse had not let them sleep from the past few nights at all.

Today was special; the students were supposed to depart for their training camps. Each camp had a designated airship that would take them to their respective camps.

William stood at the forefront of his own unit; classes A1 and S1 had been merged to form a single unit now. A gigantic airship that William Bet couldn’t beat with his spaceship landed slowly in front of the unit.

The airship displaced strong waves of compressed air and made the hair and uniforms of the cadets flutter with wind.

As the airship settled slowly, under the instructions of the professors, the whole unit boarded the airship.

Once everyone was on board, the ships ascended straight into the air and started moving towards their destinations.

The walls of the ship were covered with concealing formations, and the ship maintained a layer of fog around it so no student could see out of the windows.

The location of the training camp was supposed to be a secret, and the academy had made sure that no one in the entire unit could perceive the surroundings, even if they knew that students lacked any divine sense at this point in time.

They had been thoroughly checked during the onboarding, and their spatial rings were locked inside the ship; the students could not access them at all for the duration of the journey.

William sighed and looked forward to what Tamasya would inform him after her meeting with the principal, which was supposed to happen today.

***

In the academy domain...

Tamasya appeared outside Andrea’s private office above the academy campus; she appeared in front of a peaceful cloud floating in nthe air and took a step forward.

In an instant, she appeared in a familiar garden with lush greenery, white marble works, fountains, and a garden filled with tea plants all around.

Tamasya walked forward and appeared in a private shed where Andrea sat around a round table carved of marble sipping tea and trying to calm tense nerves that were a result of overwork and burden.

"You seem tired," Tamasya said to Andrea while her gaze slowly turned to the other end of the table, where, coincidentally, Yue Qinglan sat.

"Says the one with dark circles around her eyes." Yue chuckled while Tamasya ran a hand through the bridge of her nose in embarrassment before taking out a mirror to look at herself.

The sight of her face made her frown; she had truly not slept in days, and the constant struggle to break seals had taken a toll on her body.

The last good nap she had taken was when William had coerced her to sleep while he patted her head; even at that time, sleep had been difficult to achieve for her due to the embarresment.

With a tired sigh, she took a seat casually. "The sixth seal has been hard to remove; it’s like leech and just doesn’t come off!!" Tamasya complained with a tired look.

"Which bastard placed that seal??" Yue asked.

Tamasya turned to look at her and spoke with a disgusted expression as she remembered the one being talked about. "That blind whore Asteria."

Andrea clicked her tongue. "That bitch will die by my hands someday; she does whatever she wants and misuses her authority. I still don’t know which dog decided to make her the goddess of justice."

Yue also clicked her tongue and shook her head in disgust and disappointment.

A few minutes of cursing was what it took for the three tired souls to finally relax.

"By the way, what are you doing here??" Tamsya asked as she looked at Yue Qinglan.

"I could ask the same, you know." Yue smiled at Tamasya.

"Whatever," Tamasya decided not to pry and turned toward Andrea. "William informed me about the army camp."

Andrea looked at Tamasya and kept her teacup on the table. "I almost forgot you had a baby boy among my students," Andrea chuckled.

"What?? That was weird. Don’t say it again; he is just my disciple." Tamasya blushed.

Andrea laughed at her reaction. "Does me calling him your baby boy sound weird? Well, you almost fought me for him last time, so of course, he is your baby boy in some sense."

Tamasya gritted her teeth. "Tsk, come to the main topic. Why are you emptying the academy??"

"Sigh!! Don’t tell this to your disciple, ok? Andrea gave a look to Tamasya, and to which Tamasya just nodded.

Andrea then looked at Yue, signaling her to start, to which Yue nodded slightly.

"You witnessed what we discovered in the southern continent, right?"

Tamasya gave a slight nod, and Yue continued.

"Well, Aurelius has been restless about the whole situation since then. His rival brother was gaining an upper hand over him, not that I care about that, but still, the recent revelations had been truly shocking for all of us, and since Andrea had been insisting too much, I decided to carry out a deep divination session recently where I tried to predict any upcoming unrest across the whole Aris."

Tamasya nodded but then said, "You should do these sessions more often!!"

Yue gave a serious look. "You don’t realize, Tamasya, the mental toll I have to bear even after one single session is huge enough to keep me away from looking into those fate lines for a whole century; we don’t have the ability to control heavenly energies. My control sphere during the divination process is limited."

Tamasya nodded; she had heard this reason countless times from Yue in the past, although she could never relate to her on this, but since she was not in her shoes, she did not add anything further about this.

"So what did you find?" Tamasya asked.

Yue’s expression turned grim, and she gulped. "I divined for one or two months into the future."

"Every region was alright except the academy; I saw a war raging over the domain, and the enemies were not mere cultists but a whole army of demons," Yue spoke, making Tamasya tense.

Andrea then added further, "And the timing cannot be more precise, you know." Andrea gave a humorous and amused chuckle.

"Why???" Tamasya asked as her gaze snapped to her.

"The supply of light stones to the whole continent is controlled by the church; 90 percent of the light stone reserves and mines are located in the Holy Sun Empire." She said before continuing

"For the past few months, the church has been holding back the supply of light stones for some reason. These stones are essential to run anti-demonic barriers and formations, and in a war against demons, they are the most potent support system."

Tamasya’s brows furrowed. "Those bastards, why are they not supplying the stones???"

Andrea shrugged. "Their envoy said that they are carrying out a six-month-long worship ritual for the light god, and all the stones are being consumed during that process as offerings to the light god. They say that the supply will return to normal after six months."

"And you believed that bullshit??" Tamasya asked Andrea.

"We have no choice. After the fall of the Solaris Empire, we have put a lot of pressure on the Holy Sun Empire, and we have also isolated them from various collaborations. They have no reason to trade with us, and I am not going to sit at a negotiation table where those bastards gain the upper hand."

Andrea muttered, and Tamasya did not question this decision.

"Do you think they know about the impending attack?" Tamasya asked

Andrea shook her head.

"The current saint of the church is a first-year student in the academy; if they knew, they would have called their heir back home, but they didn’t, and it doesn’t seem to me like they would do it anytime soon, but if they do call him back, then I will personally pay a visit to Winston."

Tamasya nodded. "Don’t you have any light stone reserve? I have heard that the academy always has a reserve of resources enough to last them a few months."

Andrea’s expression grimmed at that question. "Well, recently, Demon Lord Clayman’s army attacked several strongholds of the celestial army inside the abyss; most of the light stone supply got exhausted defending the territory."

"So he is taking revenge for what happened earlier??" Tamasya asked and earned a nod from Andrea. "Seems so."

"So the impending attack on the academy will also be instigated by him?"

Yue shook her head. "No, the vision I saw told me that illusions will be utilized during the attack."

Tamasya’s eyes widened. "That means..."

"Yes, Demon Lord Bellial is making a move."