Chapter 280. The New Dawn - 5

Holy Sun Empire

Inside the premises of Holy Sun’s imperial palace, on the open roof of the main castle, the tall old figure of Pope Winston stood with a wooden magic staff in his hands. The pope was wearing white and golden priest robes.

By his side stood two of his subordinates. They looked at the horizon along with the pope, as if eagerly waiting for something.

"My lord, are you sure that the heretic won’t resist? Should we go and assist Nicholas?" one of the men with a middle-aged face asked. His clothes were regal, and a sword was affixed at his side, ready to be drawn at a moment’s notice. He was Theodore, one of the three cardinals under Winston.

The other cardinal, named Nathan, remained standing with a stern gaze and did not interrupt in any way. He was of a similar age as Theodore, but his posture and stance suggested superior discipline and cultivation.

Meanwhile, Winston shook his head. "No need. I am sure she will surrender in a moment’s notice after hearing about Anastasia’s impending death," Winston spoke in his deep, gravelly voice, making Theodore fall silent.

Meanwhile, a golden-winged eagle screeched in the sky above them while flying in circles. Winston raised his head and looked at the beast in the sky.

Winston took out some feed from his storage and raised a hand in the air. Immediately, the golden-winged eagle dived toward him.

The descent was too fast, yet Winston’s retainers didn’t get alarmed. After all, they were not unfamiliar with the beast.

The eagle stopped just above Winston and screeched again. Winston bent down and placed the feed on the ground, and immediately the beast started nibbling at it.

Meanwhile, he took off the letter attached to its talons and opened it. He read the message, and suddenly a resounding laugh escaped him.

The two men behind him were confused but didn’t ask the reason behind his happiness.

"Hahahah! Finally, after so many years!"

He turned around with a delighted expression. "The Council of Astral Wardens has approved the name change."

As soon as Winston said it, the two men widened their eyes in happiness.

"Congratulations, my lord," Nathan said in a somewhat neutral tone and smiled lightly.

Meanwhile, Theodore showed a much more pronounced expression. "Finally, my lord. After a decade of diplomatic struggle, our land will be renamed. We can finally name this land the Luminous Empire, as you wished, and discard the name given by outsiders."

Winston nodded with a smile and let go of the golden-winged eagle.

"The council makes its decisions through voting. Earlier, because of Andrea’s presence, we were always behind by a single vote which was hers. Now that she is out of the way, we can finally begin tightening our grip over the council. And once that happens, the reins of this entire continent will eventually fall into our hands."

Theodore bowed. "Indeed, my lord. These imbeciles thought they could use the word sun in the name of this empire and preserve the history and traces of the past. They don’t know the might of our god Lux. Otherwise, these mortals would shiver just hearing our name."

Winston looked at Theodore silently before saying, "Indeed."

He then walked toward the edge of the roof. "Let’s declare the new name during the sixteenth anniversary after the formation of this empire. The day I sat on the throne of this land after walking the path of blood and sacrifice will become the day this empire gets a new identity."

Winston’s words came out slower, but louder.

"Hehe... and it will also be the day when the heretics named Tamasya and Anastasia are executed at the central plaza in front of the whole of Aris."

Both Theodore and Nathan kneeled on one knee.

"Indeed, my lord!"

"Long live the pope!"

Both the cardinals uttered in unison, earning a satisfied nod from the pope.

As the atmosphere filled with renewed energy settled, Winston suddenly turned around.

"Where is my son these days?"

Theodore spoke. ""My lord, the saint attended the weekly prayers at the central church today. However... "

Winston’s brows furrowed. "However?"

Theodore hesitated for a moment before speaking. "he seems to have taken a liking to one of the newly admitted nuns. He secluded himself with her in a private chamber and ordered that no one disturb them for the next two days, until the Founder’s Day celebration begins."

Winston heard Theodore’s words and furrowed his brows. "Why were you hesitating to inform me of such a matter initially?"

Theodore gulped. "My lord, the girl’s parents have been protesting at the gates of the imperial palace, complaining that their daughter has not returned home after the church closed, and the church is silent about her whereabouts. They are expecting us to help them find their daughter."

Winston looked at Theodore with a slanted gaze and walked toward the kneeling figure. Theodore stiffened for a moment, but then he sensed Winston’s hand resting on his shoulder, with a small smile etched on his face.

"Theodore, you concern yourself too much with lowly peasants. Have one of your men plant a desecrated holy scripture in their house in the blind of night, then have the entire family burned alive for blasphemy. And once my son is done amusing himself with that girl, send her to my chambers. I shall enjoy her myself before sending her to join her family in the afterlife."

Winston’s expression had turned lewd as he licked his lips, making Theodore shiver with chills down his back.

"My lord!" Nathan suddenly spoke, bringing Winston’s expression back to stoic. He and Theodore turned to look at Nathan.

"Nicholas has arrived," Nathan said, making the two men turn toward the sky.

A flying carriage with the emblem of the church—the same one used by cardinals—was visible in the sky, being pulled by two flying unicorns and driven by an archbishop.

The carriage traveled fast, and from a small dot in the sky, it closed the distance in a few minutes before landing directly before the three men.

The door of the carriage opened, and Cardinal Nicholas stepped out with a smirk. As soon as his feet landed, he pulled out two chained figures from the carriage.

Tamasya and Elion were roughly pulled out of the carriage as Nicholas gripped their chains and dragged them toward Pope Winston.

Nicholas immediately kneeled on one knee before the pope and said, "My lord, I have brought the sinners into your presence."

"Hahaha! Good! Very good!" Winston said before moving in front of Tamasya, who now looked at him hatefully.

He used the end of his staff to raise her face. "After so many years of chasing, I have finally got my hands on you! Hahahaha!" he laughed with a maniacal expression.

bang*

With a sinister look, he swung the back of his staff and hit Tamasya, who was thrown a few meters back while groaning in pain.

Theodore, standing behind Winston, narrowed his eyes in shock.

The instant Winston’s staff struck Tamasya’s face, Theodore noticed something subtle - just before the blow landed on her face, she had shifted one of her finger against the ground and propelled herself backward, making it seem as though the strike had sent her flying.

He also saw the minute redness from the staff strike on her face disappearing instantly.

Theodore glanced at Winston and Nathan. Neither of them seemed to have noticed.

But Theodore knew it for sure.

Tamasya had full control of her mana even after being bound by those chains.

Something was not adding up here.