Chapter 202. You are supposed to be dead - 1

Drakemore Empire, Long Clan

Matriarch’s den.

Yue Qinglan’s unconscious body showed signs of waking up; her body felt heavy and exhausted, and her mind felt hazy, yet with great effort, she fluttered her eyes open.

In the haze-filled vision, her eyelids flickered, and she sat up in shock, breathing heavily while her eyes scanned the environment.

"Are you alright?? Yue?" Tamasya’s concerned voice entered her mind.

Yue’s head turned towards Tamasya’s figure; she noticed how Tamasya was sitting on a rock platform, which was unfamiliar to Andrea’s personal space where she last had been.

She looked around and realized that she was not in Andrea’s office anymore; the current surroundings felt familiar, yet she couldn’t pinpoint where she had seen them.

"Where am I?" she asked Tamasya.

Before Tamsya could reply, another voice sounded. "You are in my den."

Yue turned and looked at Ming Long’s approaching figure with a vial filled with greenish liquid in her hands.

"Drink this." She instructed before handing the vial to Yue Qinglan.

Yue nodded in silence and drank the contents of the vial quietly, only to cough them up moments after.

"Heurghhh!!"

Tamasya chuckled at her reaction; it was funny, and this was not the first time she had witnessed this scene.

"Master!!!!" Yue shouted. "Why do you always feed me herbs instead of potions!!" Yue screamed as the pungent and bitter taste of herbs made her tongue ache; she started spitting every ounce of the concoction on the floor.

It was bitter, too bitter for humans at least.

Ming Long frowned. "Aishh! You brat, you wasted my efforts!!"

Yue squinted her eyes while giving her the look between the coughs. "Efforts, my ass! That shit is bitter as hell!!"

Ming Long’s expression turned even more annoyed; she came forward and pinched Yue’s ears before pulling them lightly.

"Aowww!!"

The action made Yue cry in pain.

"Sorry!!"

"Your tongue is getting loose day by day; do you not remember the etiquette of how a seer should behave!!"

"I am sorry~ (┬┬﹏┬┬)."

Ming let Yue’s ears free while Yue turned to look at Tamasya, who had been giggling silently the whole time, witnessing the silly master-disciple interaction.

"Master, are you not surprised to see our Tammy back!!" Yue asked with a smile.

"Ahh, I wish it had been a surprise, but that old man Yun already spoiled the news about her return to me," Ming Long said as she looked at Tamasya warmly.

"Don’t hesitate to stay with me for a few days; you are like my daughter, Tamasya," she said warmly with a smile.

Tamasya, meanwhile, nodded happily. "Yes, Aunty, I will surely stay over sometime with Yue!!"

"Tsk, you are acting like a little girl," Yue commented, only to get her temple slapped gently by Ming. "Look who is saying that."

Yue rubbed her head while crying silently in her mind.

Before the banter could continue, Tamasya decided to intervene. "By the way, Aunty Ming, Yue is truly following your footsteps," she spoke with a smile, catching their attention.

"Just like you, our Yue has been able to resist the will of the heavens," Tamasya spoke.

Yue’s eyes widened; she was still unaware why she was here, while Minglong chuckled lightly. "Is that so? But I think Yue is one of a kind. I never took on an attack from heaven’s head-on; I just rejected their proposal to become an Astral Warden, and aren’t you the same as me, Tamasya?"

While you looked at both women, confused, Tamasya replied to Ming,

"No, Auntie, I tried to challenge the natural order, and the gods tried to show me my place many years ago, while you stood with dignity and dealt with everything bravely without budging in front of them."

Ming’s eyes softened, and a subtle smile bloomed. "Our circumstances were different, my child; if I were in your place, I would have faced the same fate as you. You are braver than I ever could be; never forget that."

Tamasya smiled, but the sadness of her eyes didn’t fade.

"Will anyone tell me what happened?? Or are you two going to carry this conversation without me??" Yue interjected.

The curiosity and lack of context were gnawing at her. She wanted to know what had happened. When had she ever gone against the heavens? She had no memory of that at all.

"So you don’t remember anything??" Ming asked seriously.

Yue nodded.

Ming looked at Tamasya. "Since Tammy was by your side that time, I think she will recall everything better."

Tamasya nodded and then turned to Yue before narrating the whole sequence of events from the point they had asked her why she couldn’t connect the dots about the divine physique related to the Solaris Empire.

She then described the appearance of a lotus that challenged the heavenly attacks.

Yue’s eyes widened, and she looked at Ming, who returned her stare. A small mental conversation happened in those few gestures, which both of them put aside for now in front of Tamasya.

"...After that, Auntie took you away, and while your fainting looked like minor mana exhaustion, it took you a whole month to wake up." Tamasya ended her recollection by now, not noticing that Yue was trying to hide something.

She thought that was just the shock about the whole phenomenon.

"Don’t worry, the heavens don’t seem to attack you again. It’s been a month, and there has been no reaction from them." Tamsya tried to console Yue, who just nodded absentmindedly.

A few seconds of silence passed before Yue took a deep breath and returned to her earlier bearing. Tamasya sighed in relief; she thought Yue had digested the revelations about the whole thing that happened.

Yue changed the topic, and with Ming and Tamasya, she talked about various subjects of events happening around the world, and they also shared their own experiences with Ming.

Yue was meeting her master after several centuries.

All this time, she had been busy with her cultivation and her position as the ancestor of the human empire of Riverdale. She only met with Andrea sometimes, but she did not meet with Ming for long that often.

The reason was similar to why children on earth left their parents’ house after they turned adults.

Yue had wanted freedom and had wanted to live independently, far from Ming’s restrictions, and she had mustered up courage to make such a decision a few centuries ago.

Of course, Ming was as protective as a strict mother and often kept an eye on her through various means that even Yue was unaware of.

In the midst of their conversations filled with nostalgia, Tamasya spoke up suddenly, snapping them out of their thoughts.

"Yue!!" She looked at Yue seriously; Yue’s smile disappeared and made her expression turn serious for a moment.

"What is it, Tammy?" she asked with all seriousness, looking at those eyes filled with sadness.

Tamasya looked a bit solemn and asked in a low tone, "I know it’s odd to ask this of you, but can you see my future?"

"What!" Yue looked at Tamsya. "Do you know what you are asking for, Tamasya? You are telling me to do one of the most taboo things a seer can do."

Yue asked with wide eyes filled with shock.

At this point, Ming sensed the hesitation in Tamasya’s eyes; she stood up with a deep breath.

"You girls sort this out; I am going out to complete today’s business."

She disappeared without a moment’s notice while the two girls looked at each other with complex emotions.

Not long after, Tamasya’s hands clenched, and she shivered out of nervousness.

Yue came forward and sat beside Tamasya, trying to steady her. "Tamasya!! Hey, what happened to you?" she asked gently.

Tamasya hesitated to say it, but Yue kept asking her. For hours the game went on, and Yue kept asking the reason while Tamasya kept on dodging the question.

"Ok, I will do the divination if you tell me the reason, I promise." Yue had to give in to the demand.

Tamasya’s eyes widened in hope, but the shame of it all made her expression dull. At the end, she closed her eyes and took a deep breath.

"I love my disciple," Tamasya said before hiding her face, looking away from Yue.

Silence!!!

A few minutes passed, and the noises that remained were only the deep breaths taken by Tamasya.

At the end, she turned around robotically, only to see the squinted eyes of Yue, who looked at her as if she were a bit dumb.

"Has the time in Prison of Gods affected your brain??" Yue asked

"I knew it!!" Tamsya cried. "Even you think I am a pervert, don’t you?"

A swing of Yue’s hand struck the back of her head.

"Arhh!!" She winced.

"God!! You are so silly, Tammy. Do you think your being in love with your disciple is strange?? Do you know the age difference between my master and that old hag Yun?" Yue spoke as her face twitched.

Then she came forward and whispered, "Don’t tell this to Master that I told you about this, but once old man Yun told me that Master Ming is as ancient as the world tree." Yue whispered, "While the old man Yun is only 20 millennia old."

"Really??" Tamasya’s eyes widened.

Yue clicked her tongue, looking at her surprised expression. "Seriously, living isolated all by your mother’s side has really kept you away from so much stuff."