Chapter 230. Morgan’s Bet

"William!!" Sera gasped shockingly as she saw William being thrown a few meters away like a rag doll.

Meanwhile, William collapsed on the ground and looked at the sky in shock; he had not expected a sudden wave of energy hitting him out of nowhere.

He looked at the sky with weird emotions filled in his heart.

[I remember being called horny by someone. Just saying...]

William remained stunned on the ground, a small detail from the novel refreshed in his mind that he had earlier overlooked due to its insignificance compared to the rest of the events.

Sera came to his side and shook him with a worried expression. "William, are you alright!!" Now as Sera’s figure came into his view, he noticed the faint black tattoos glowing with green energy around them; his suspicion got confirmed.

William chuckled at the situation and shook his head, thinking how he had almost lost control over himself. Sera worried about William misunderstanding the situation, and to avoid getting him to think that she had consciously attacked him, she hurriedly started explaining.

"William, it’s my physique; it’s partially awakened, and it resists physical intimacy until you are approved by the world tree. I ..."

Sera was about to elaborate when William just stopped her and sealed her lips with his hands. "No need to explain, Sera; I understand. Sorry I got excited earlier even though you tried to warn me," he spoke with a sigh.

Sera’s shoulders slouched, feeling bad about the whole situation. She was confused about why the kisses had not been resisted, but something a bit deeper did.

"Let’s not delve into it now," William told Sera and stood up from the ground. Sera looked at William and decided to not inform him about the trial for now; she did not want him to have more burdens, unaware that he already knew about it.

William and Sera walked around the domain for a bit before Sera decided to say farewell. William informed her that he would contact her after a week.

Sera pouted; she knew in five days the semester would end at the academy and holidays would start. Everyone will have free time; she hoped to see William more often but knew that it would only happen a week later.

William reassured her again and again. He planted a few kisses, squarely avoiding the green symbols over her body. Sera chuckled at his attempt and caressed him lovingly before lovingly saying goodbyes.

"Oh, by the way, where is your surprise??" William asked

Seraphine turned and looked at him with a smirk. "Let it remain a surprise for next time," she giggled.

"Oh!! For a moment I thought the way you slammed me before was your surprise." William joked with a chuckle, making Sera lose her smile.

"Tsk, you scoundrel!!!" she pinched Will lightly on the stomach before turning to leave the realm.

William remained there laughing for a few moments before taking a deep breath.

[Are you ready now?]

William nodded. "Before that, I need to reward Maris for her good work."

William appeared beside Maris in the domain and gifted her stocks of delicious foods, a personal TV of her own, and several other things that left her bowing and thanking him for hours.

William, meanwhile, started making preparations for the conquest in a few days.

***

In another corner of the continent...

In the third-year base camp...

"Are you both sure of your claims, Arwen and Edward??" Morgan looked at both of them sitting in front of him; a few minutes earlier, both of them had entered his study and had started claiming things that left his brows raised.

"Yes, Professor, I am absolutely sure about this; William is a mole, a spy planted by the demon lords themselves." Arwen reiterated his statement again.

Morgan looked at both of them before taking a deep breath; he took off his goggles and rested them on the table before leaning back on his chair.

It was getting hard for him to believe what these two were saying, but the exactly same claim coming from two students was at least a matter worth looking into.

He looked at the icicle filled with demonic energy and the demonic brain seed that these two had kept in front of him in the name of proof. Then his gaze looked up at the two of them.

"I still can’t find your claims solid," Morgan said. "If I even want to touch William, I need very solid proof about his truth; he has no normal backing, and if you two really think your allegations have weight, then bring me solid proof."

Edward looked puzzled at Arwen; meanwhile, Arwen turned to him and just nodded, giving him a reassurance-filled smile. Edward raised his brows; he did not understand what Arwen meant.

The past few weeks every time he had talked to Arwen, the guy had just murmured things out of nowhere that made no sense.

Edward at first found it strange, but then he just reasoned that Arwen must be getting similar dreams like he was.

William must be haunting him too.

Arwen looked at Morgan. "Professor, I take a vow under the name of heavens that I was targeted by a shapeshifter demon a few months back on the academy premises; the same demon gave me these things."

Morgan’s eyes widened; he looked at Arwen like he was a maniac, but then the vow he took did not get the heavens to react. It meant that what he claimed was true.

Arwen looked at Morgan seriously under the shocked gaze of Edwards. "Professor, I guess my statement is enough to start an investigation."

Morgan, still cautious, asked Arwen, "Why did you not take William’s name??"

Arwen shook his head. "Because I am not sure if that demon’s real identity is William Kaiser or if he has just taken the form of an innocent individual, the shapeshifting powers possessed by that demon are so deceiving, and I don’t want to risk using the wrong phrasing in my vow."

Arwen remained content in his mind. He had already established the fact in the professor’s mind while also keeping the demon at his side satisfied.

When the timing is right and William is out of his way, he would just expose Edward as the actual demon by manipulating the facts and playing with words.

This plan was something he had come up with in the time of a few months after arriving on the base camp.

Arwen was a bit proud about his wits; he thought he was playing ahead of both the demon and William.

Morgan looked at Arwen with renewed intensity and then spoke. "Principal Andrea and General Marcus won’t agree to start an investigation on William."

His words made Edward and Arwen frown; they realized that William was even backed by the principal and General Marcus.

Arwen was now more sure than ever about letting William die under the demon’s hands; otherwise, he won’t be able to claim Seraphine as his.

"Fortunately, there is someone who will be able to help us," Morgan said before taking out a paper and a quill. He started writing a letter.

"Wait for a few months till the next academy trials; if you come in contact with the demon again, contact me as soon as possible. Here, take these," Morgan said before handing them two scrolls.

"Tear them, and I will be alerted; use them only in life-threatening situations." Morgan spoke while moving the quill against the letter.

Before long, he dismissed both of them.

Since the academy was not running like usual, Morgan wasn’t worried about the demon making a mess; he trusted the colonel of the camp where the first years were posted.

He was sure no demon could ever escape the eyes of Draven. Till that person arrives at the academy, Morgan would wait patiently.

Arwen and Edward came out of his office, blank. They wondered on whom Professor Morgan was betting.