Chapter 201. Dino’s challenge

"But still, it’s good to see that General Marcus has changed his ways. Otherwise a lot of lives would have been lost already," William spoke in his mind as he entered the camp at the end of his 50-mile run.

After reporting to an officer, he walked towards the next stage of the military drills, which was the gravity training chamber.

This was the second stage, and there were several chambers prepared to be used by the whole unit. William entered and switched the gravity to 59g, which meant 59 times the normal gravity on Aris.

His body had been adapting fast to the strain due to his adaptation talent, and he also noticed an aspect about his talent.

Under the influence of his divine physique, his body rarely adapted to any strain since his physique instantly healed, relieving him of any strain.

Now that William followed the military drills after sealing all his energy cores and also blocking effects of physiques while engaging only his raw muscles, he felt the real monstrous effects of his adaptation talent.

He could cover the whole 50-mile stretch without any effort at this point, and the monsters that greeted him during his run were just punched away.

While in the gravity chamber, he didn’t know why, but his body had started feeling normal after the 50 G threshold, even after sealing all his cultivation.

The reason behind it was told to him by the system: the time when William had been crushed by Tamasya, his body had adapted itself to bear a colossal amount of pressure.

Even on Earth, William had read somewhere that a normal fighter pilot could experience 6-7 g’s (the gravity pull of Aris is much greater than Earth) of force.

Compared to that, the normal limits of a person on Aris were distinct for every race and person and depended on more than one factor.

He had noticed his peers could endure 25 to 30 g’s with their sealed cultivations and just relying on pure physical strength.

Today William slowly increased the pressure from 59g to 60g.

He had been increasing the pressure steadily and also a bit slowly.

Theoretically even if he switched to 100 g, his body would adapt due to his absolute adaptation, but William still avoided that; the pain involved during the adaptation process was horrendous and not something he could bear frequently without losing his mind or going insane.

Two hours later the rest of the unit returned from the tiring 50-mile run; chains clanked together as they walked with heavy footsteps towards the gravity chambers.

Before entering their own chambers, several of them walked towards William’s chamber to see how much pressure this madman was training under today.

What they saw made several of them cry and lose their minds.

Ethan and Galeion stood with wide eyes as they looked at the reading showing 60g of pressure.

"Fuck, did they open his chains??" Desmond clicked his tongue as he stood between them with his short frame.

Yet the shock on the three’s faces was nothing compared to Dino’s, who clenched the hair of his temples. "He increased a g again!" Dino exclaimed.

Just yesterday they had seen the reading of 59 outside William’s chamber, and today they were reading 60 g.

While they themselves were stuck at 30 g at maximum. Above that, the pressure felt exponentially increased and unbearable.

And it was not something as easy as William made it out to be, but this shock was only apparent in the S1 class, while the students of the A1 class had long since accepted that there was a monster in human skin present among them.

They silently watched the S1 class’s reaction and could only hope to be inspired by those numbers.

If one noticed this, they would clearly see the difference in mindset between the elite class and the A1 class.

And perhaps bridging this gap was the motive of academy leadership when they had decided to merge the two sections into a single unit.

The training drills didn’t stop there. The next stage was the Abyss simulation chamber.

The training was to let the bodies adapt to the toxic air of the abyss that was filled with demonic energy.

It was only at this stage that their mana restraints were removed.

Mana rushed back in their bodies, and they heaved a sigh of relief.

It was believed that without constantly using mana to protect the organs from demonic energy, any Aris native, even the cultists, could not survive long inside the abyss due to the harsh effects of exposure to demonic energy.

The cadets were required to do basic stamina-draining exercises while the gravity of the chamber was increased to a constant 25 g and the air was infused with demonic energy thicker than what was normally found in the abyss.

The purpose of this chamber was to simulate the harshest conditions one could come across inside the abyss.

It was also the hardest part for students. The more time someone lasted inside the chamber, the stronger was their survivability inside the Abyss.

Normal cadets lasted only 30 minutes, while for William, there was no time limit.

His body was completely familiar and capable of resisting demonic energy.

He did not need to exert any efforts to do these exercises, unlike others.

After lasting a few more minutes than the average candidates, William used to leave the abyssal simulation chambers and return to his barracks to cultivate.

Yet today was different. Dino Drakemore walked up to William and challenged him for an endurance competition.

"I would like to challenge you, human; I believe I can beat you in terms of endurance," Dino said while looking at William seriously.

William holding himself back in this training had been misunderstood by Dino as lack of endurance on William’s part, which in reality was just a matter of choice for him.

William chuckled silently in his mind; he decided to erase the misunderstanding once and for all.

Before the training could start, Dino’s challenge had attracted almost all the students of the unit towards them.

Soon a chamber was prepared, and both William and Dino entered while others spectated from the outside through the glass walls.

As soon as they entered, both of them started doing pushups in the demonic energy-infused atmosphere.

Everyone looked at the screen with curiosity; they too had noticed that William’s time inside the chamber was not much different than theirs on average, yet no one had challenged him till now.

But soon curiosity was about to turn into despair.

As soon as the timer hit the 35-minute mark, Dino started showing signs of exhaustion; sweat dripped from his head, but he kept going.

40 minutes passed...

Dino didn’t give up yet; he kept going, although the lingering exhaustion was creeping up now. He didn’t look at William, too focused on his own struggle.

45 minutes passed ...

Dino’s shoulders shivered, but he didn’t give up, his teeth gritted while he breathed heavily.

He felt he might just set a new benchmark for the first years. As for William, that human must have long given up out of exhaustion; after all, he couldn’t hear any sounds of heavy breathing or even any type of clumsy movement, or so he thought.

After exactly 50 minutes Dino was almost about to collapse, but still he just wanted to employ that last amount of strength in his body and then retire, yet a sudden low whistling sound broke his focus.

He turned to the side, and what he saw made him feel like he might have a river full of tears.

William was doing 1-finger pushups with ease, while he had now started whistling as if bored of the whole game.

Dino’s eyes remained wide, fixed on William’s figure, while his hands gave out and he collapsed on the floor in exhaustion and defeat.