Chapter 324. A Distant Memory of the Past - 1

Opera Town was a modest place at the center of the Riverdale empire; there were low levels of corruption, and people were generally happier. Yet there were always nuisances that wanted to disrupt the peace of the town.

The Miller merchant family was a renowned family of Riverdale. The lord of the house was Bernard Miller, a famous merchant in the central parts of the empire; his wealth surpassed that of the lords of several big cities.

During his young age, the Miller family was still struggling to get on its feet, and everyone used to think that the Miller family would no longer be able to afford calling itself a merchant family.

But everything changed one day when a mysterious lady from a distant land arrived at their house asking for work; she was educated, and her aptitude for handling institutions was brilliant.

Over the period of five years, the lady from the distant lands worked hard with Lord Miller and helped the family stand on their feet. Bernard Miller looked up to the lady with respect because of her brilliance, and eventually that respect turned into a budding love between them.

Bernard was a cultivator in the mortal realm; hence, his age was almost reaching a hundred, while no one knew the age of the lady. Lord Miller did not seem to care about the age anyway.

By the end of the 7th year since her arrival, she was betrothed to Lord Bernard; only then did her name get famous among the locals of Opera Town.

She was Samantha Miller, the lady of the Miller house, a harbinger of prosperity to her husband.

17 years ago, on a moonlit night, 100 black-robed assassins surrounded the Miller estate from all sides; they were sent by the business rivals of the Miller family to remove them from the equation of Central Land’s business.

Especially to kill Samantha.

Late at night, every assassin was stealthily waiting to strike the manor at a single signal from their master.

Creak. Suddenly, these assassins noticed a lady opening the main door of the mansion and walking into the garden with an ignorant expression; in her arms, she carried a newborn baby girl.

The assassin leader immediately recognized Samantha Miller; in an instant, he ordered three of his men to proceed and retrieve her head as proof of the task.

In a single second, three assassins turned into silver streaks of lightning, and all three of them appeared at the same time, surrounding Lady Miller from all sides.

Their daggers shone in midair, and they did not even wait for themselves to land on the ground. They swung the blades in sync; even if the target managed to parry one blade, there was still the second one coming for her. If she managed to block even that, then there was a third.

The assassin leader was meticulous for every possibility; he himself remained ready to strike at any moment.

A sound of metal cleaving flesh sounded, and for a moment the assassin leader smirked, thinking his mission was a success, but then his eyes cheated his brain; he saw the bodies of the three assassins cleaved in half.

He immediately regained his composure and ordered everyone to attack together; the rest of the 97 assassins threw their daggers and arrows, some of which were aimed at the baby girl as well.

But before the projectiles could even reach the target, 96 heads touched the ground again, creating sounds similar to 100 watermelons falling on the ground for a moment.

Meanwhile, the assassin leader looked at Samantha Miller standing in front of him with a cold expression; suddenly, the baby woke up.

Weeehhh!! Weeehh!!

The little girl let out a cry. Samantha comforted the baby with light taps and shakes while the assassin leader’s legs shook at the same time.

As the baby came to rest, Samantha looked up at the assassin leader, and with a smile that couldn’t be classified as gentle, she planted a knife on his forehead, pinning the blade deep into his brain through the skull.

The blood splashes were stopped by a mana barrier, and with that, Samantha left the garden, letting the 100 bodies be an example to not mess with the Miller family.

The next morning arrived; a couple arrived on the streets of Opera Town.

A tall, broad-chested male with black hair, fair skin, and an orange flame mark on his forehead, he wore a white tunic and brown pants. He walked slowly and carefully while supporting his 7-month pregnant wife who was also dressed mogestly in a gown and with a hat hiding most of her face.

The man shielded her at every turn and supported her even at the smallest dent on the roads. The blue-haired lady chuckled, "You need to tone it down. People are giving weird looks, you know."

Rudra shook his head. "Anna, I agreed to let you walk around the town on foot, but don’t stop me from caring about my child."

Annasthasia looked at him with bright eyes. "I wanted to see what type of life my sister lives every day in this town; I needed to experience the town myself."

Rudra looked at her and sighed. "Seriously, you could have done so later when you were not carrying our child, but you picked the peak time of your pregnancy; it’s not safe this way!!"

Anne smiled and cupped Rudra’s face. "When you are with me!! Then I don’t need to worry."

Rudra’s brows furrowed. "You are good with words."

Anna smiled while her head turned to look at the city square; one of her hands supported her belly while the other was wrapped around Rudra’s arm.

"Seems like we are about to reach the Miller mansion," Anna spoke, but suddenly Rudra stopped and stopped Anna as well. She looked at his tense expression and then activated her own divine senses; she sensed it several feet ahead and saw the Miller mansion.

She observed a pile of dead bodies and a lot of commotion in the area.

Rudra looked at her. "The scent of blood is thick; I am taking you up now; your morning walk ends here."

He said it, and without letting Anna speak, he lifted her in the air carefully and flew into the sky before arriving in the skies above the Miller mansion, since exerting mana for pregnant ladies was not recommended, only for weaker ranks, definitely not Anna’s, but Rudra was careful, which Anna always called out as overcautiousness.

Suddenly, since they hadn’t hidden their auras, they sensed a presence approaching them at full speed. The intent seemed hostile, so Rudra called out instantly.

’Chromos’

As soon as the word left his mouth, a black metallic spear with ancient red castings appeared in the air; its temperature reached unimaginable thresholds, and it floated in the air independently.

It sensed the hostile presence approaching and changed direction itself without waiting; under Rudra’s order, it launched downwards to intercept the enemy.

Meanwhile, Rudra closed his eyes, and his vision integrated with Chromos. He looked at the approaching figure, and seeing the blue sapphire hair similar to Anna’s, he stopped the spear in its tracks.

Samantha stopped as well, looking at the threatening flaming spear in front of her. A bead of sweat appeared as she felt the aura was too overwhelming for her to deal with.

Immediately, the spear disappeared, and in its stead, Rudra appeared, carrying Anna.

"Sister!!" Anne called out, making Samantha widen her eyes. Her gaze moved to her belly, and her eyes narrowed for a moment.

"Follow me," Samantha said before turning into a descent.

Rudra looked at the lady and then turned to look at Anna in his arms. "Is that the only expression your sister carries??"

Anna chuckled, "It’s a long story, but we sisters had a hint of sourness in our bond."

Rudra rolled his eyes. "Still, she should learn from you; you let out 100 expressions in 1 second, and your sis doesn’t change at all."

Anna turned to look at Rudra playfully. "So!! I keep you entertained, right?"

Rudra sighed jokingly, "Lord Miller must have a peaceful life," while shaking his head.

This sentence earned Rudra a heavy punch on his head.