Chapter 239. Reincarnation: My Sweetheart is a Goddess

"What is this??" Tamasya asked as she looked at a vial filled with bright, swirling, glittery transparent liquid that looked otherworldly and shimmered with a celestial light.

"Essence of Eleftheira, to help you unlock the remaining seals," William said. He looked at the bottle; this vial had cost him his current monthly free purchase.

Even though it was a risky choice right now, at least it ensured Tamasya’s absolute safety. He was sure that if Tamasya regained her cultivation, then until the gods decided to descend on Aris, she would be untouchable.

Before getting sealed, Tamasya was a being in the goodhood stage of cultivation. Her cultivation rank was True Godhood, and she had just been on the cusp of reaching Absolute Godhood, where a being ascends to the realm of gods.

Reaching the absolute godhood stage of cultivation was only when a being was given the designation of a god; they were given a seat among the gods, and they either rule over elements or laws.

Naturally, there were a handful of more conditions that needed to be fulfilled to become a full-fledged god; it was not as simple as breaking through a rank.

As Will remembered how strong she actually was, his lips curled in happiness and pride. His soon-to-be wife was on the verge of becoming a god as well.

Will stood by her side as he noticed how carefully she was checking the vial out of curiosity.

"Construct a protective barrier around yourself and then just drink it," he said.

"Where did you get this??" Tamasya asked with large eyes filled with curiosity.

"Don’t ask me that." William replied expressionlessly, "Just drink this; it’s good for you."

"I know it’s good for me," she said with a stare, "but I should still know what it is that I am consuming. Is it a potion of sorts? I don’t want to drink something creepy like some insect juice or extracted fluids of some organism??"

William looked at her, cluelessly taken aback by what she was blabbering about; he looked at her weirdly for a few seconds before nodding. "It’s just a potion concocted from herbs."

Tamasya looked at him with a suspicious gaze. Yet she still just nodded. "Stand a few steps away."

William complied and created a few meters of distance from her. With his hands behind his back, he looked at her from a distance. Tamasya gave him a last look before erecting a dark shadow elemental barrier around herself.

William looked at her disappearing figure with a smile.

[Host, she is going to kill you!!]

William listened to the system’s warning.

————⁜⁜⁜————

Essence of Eleftheira (ancient rank)

Blood essence of Goddess Eleftheria, the goddess of freedom and liberty, that she extracted from her blood during her final moments for her daughter, who was sealed by the demon god beyond the Abyss.

If the essence hasn’t been used, it means her daughter is still sealed.

Effects: Drinking it can grant freedom from any type of seal, curse, or restrictions placed unfairly on the target.

————⁜⁜⁜————

"Who is going to kill me first, Eleftherira or Tamasya??" William asked with a smile that said he had just taken a risk with his life.

[maybe both]

"Sigh!!" William shook his head and looked ahead. The dark barrier shook. William knew the unsealing had started.

Inside the shadow barrier, Tamasya looked at the vial for a few more seconds.

<"He was right, this is just a potion,"> Shadow’s voice sounded in Tamasya’s mind.

She felt a bit weird listening to Shadow’s words; she mostly felt suspicious, but then just shook her head, reasoning that she had an overthinking mind.

Without waiting, Tamasya drank the liquid in the vial, swallowing the contents at once.

The liquid entered her mouth and felt cold and thick, also a bit metallic in taste, which Tamsya thought was due to bitter herbs in the potion.

As she emptied the vial in a single go, at first Tamasya felt completely normal, but a few minutes later she felt something burning in her stomach, then in her chest, before the sensation spread to her core.

"Ufhh!!" She released an involuntary sigh as the sensation inside her intensified with every moment. It was not painful but extremely uncomfortable.

She felt her ears go numb, and her nasal passage felt heavy and blocked, like she might start having a cold right now.

<"Sit down,"> Shadow instructed.

Tamasya did not wait and sat in the same posture as she used to while breaking seals or cultivating.

Several wisps of shadow suddenly hurried toward her as if trying to prevent something, but alas, they were too late.

Bang!!

It turns out Tamasya had not erected a strong enough barrier and had truly underestimated the impact of the essence.

After all, William had just marketed it by telling her that it was a potion to help unseal her cultivation, but he had failed to explain how potent the liquid really was.’

Tamasya had undermined its effect, and now William was going to realise this.

The sixth seal broke.

A wave of energy was released as the divine seal dispersed, and Tamasya felt a stinging pain, yet much less than when she was doing it herself.

Her cultivation jumped from pseudo-divinity to full-divinity.

"Urgh!!" she clenched her fists.

The wave of energy struck the barrier of shadow, shaking it in its place. But Tamasya was not even able to raise her head to look; she felt like puking; her guts were twisting.

A few seconds passed before the seventh seal broke, too.

This time, a whole stage was elevated; her cultivation jumped from full-divinity to pseudo-godhood.

The energy wave that was released was massive, like a detonation; it was released with Tamasya as its center.

The barrier stood no chance. It broke and slammed straight into the nearest targets, which were mainly the shadow borns and the clueless William, who was right now wondering if the two ladies he had wronged would hunt him down.

[Host!! watch out!!]

The energy hit Will like a tsunami before slamming him against the wall at the opposite end of the hall.

The furniture and other decor and ornament were shattered into pieces, but surprisingly, the building remained intact, as if it had always been built to sustain such pressures with ease.

William took a deep breath and looked at Tamasya, clenching her stomach and chest on the ground, completely unaware of the waves she released.

[Host, I advise you to enter the domain Infinity.]

William came out of the rubble and said, "No, I want to stay and make sure she is alright."

[Shadow is with her to take care of her; you should first look at yourself in the mirror.]

William took out a mirror, only to be left speechless; his forehead and nose were bleeding.

[The pain hasn’t registered because you have become insensitive to this pitiful amount of pain over the years of suffering much worse, but that doesn’t mean these injuries won’t have side effects. I advise you to enter for just five minutes; I will inform you when she is done.]

William looked towards Tamasya and bit his lips before nodding.

With that, he disappeared in the domain. Those five minutes were six hours for William inside, where he kept fidgeting and asking the system about the updates every minute.

Finally, the five-minute mark ended, and the system gave a green signal for William to come out.

William appeared to notice that the previous debris of home decor, utensils, paintings, and ornaments had turned to powdered dust now.

Tamasya kneeled on her two knees on the floor silently while looking at her hands, opening and closing them repeatedly.

She found it difficult to believe that the 4 strongest divine seals that were left on her were removed in an instant.

She felt her core was blazing like a star; she felt powerful again; she felt like she could conquer the world.

"Tamasya," she heard her name being called from behind; emotions filled her as she turned, stood up, and looked at William.

Before she could pounce on him and shower him with kisses.

<"STOP!!"> She was stopped by the urgent voice of Shadow.

<"Remember what happened to your mate last time you weren’t able to control your strength. If you don’t want to make a pulp out of him, it’s better to control yourself and get used to your newly returned strength first.">

"Oh shit!! You are right," Tamasya said.

She looked at William with an emotional smile; she wanted to express her happiness, yet she couldn’t.

Meanwhile, William wondered why she stood like a statue in front of him.

[She has no control of her strength; maybe she doesn’t want to see you get hurt,] the system said, making William realize the situation.

He just smiled. She could not move, but he could. He went forward and hugged her tight.

"Congratulations, my sweetheart," William said with a light chuckle before planting a kiss on her lips. While Tamasya just clenched her hands controlling her instincts while silently cursing William for almost catching her offgaurd.