Chapter 237. Fresh start - 3

Once William and Tamasya started kissing, they didn’t stop; they couldn’t. Tamasya lost control over the emotions she had been holding.

William had fanned a flame that even he could not control now. Only now did William realize that Tamasya was not just in love; she was hungry, hungry for it, and he liked every part of it but still wanted to know what made her like this.

He didn’t know how many hours had passed now. Tamasya was breathing heavily in his arms; her lips shivered now. She looked at William with moist eyes. William was a bit surprised.

"Oh!! Why are you crying??" William asked softly and leaned his head a bit sideways, unable to understand. Tamasya’s face was red; her eyes were puffy as tears left her eyes.

Tamasya didn’t reply; she just buried her face in his chest as if a big relief had washed over her. She cried; her sobs were loud. William felt the air flushed by the smell of Tamsya’s tears; he did not ask anything else.

A few minutes passed.

Tamasya’s sobs had now died down; William’s clothes were soaked and warm. He had been caressing the back of her head. Tamasya refused to come out of the embrace now.

Her hands clenched his back, as if she let go now, the dream would end forever.

William gulped. The invincible image of Tamasya that she had portrayed in front of him was crumbling down. William was finally looking at her more humanly than ever. failed to understand where this pent-up stress and frustration was boiling over into relief.

He loved the fact that Tamasya was feeling relieved, and the tears were an indicator of that, but he also realized how little each of them actually knew about each other.

All this time, they had known each other, but they had never even shared their origins with each other. It was time to change that, and he would take the first step today.

He gently caressed Tamasya’s hair and picked her from the slab in a princess carry.

Tamasya, surprised by the sudden shift, raised her head that was buried in Williams’ chest.

William noticed the scattered mascara on her face, which made her look even more angelic than ever. He smiled. "Let’s go somewhere," he said before taking Tamasya with him inside the domain of Infinity.

Both of them appeared in the vast grassy expanse of the infinite domain. William looked at Tamasya in his arms with a smile as he looked at her, looking around curiously.

"Is this your domain??" Tamasya asked curiously.

"It was," William said, smiling. "Now it’s ours."

He then laid her on the ground. Tamasya came forward a bit and looked around the whole expanse; she could not tell where it ended or where it even started.

Before she could say anything, she noticed William hugging her from behind.

"I want to have a conversation about us," William said before planting a kiss on her cheeks from behind.

Tamasya turned around and looked at him with a smile.

A few minutes later, Tamasya and William sat near a river. The serene flow of water was calming to hear for both of them.

William broke the silence between them. "I realized this late and in awkward ways that I never expected, but the day you stopped looking into my eyes, your silence felt like a punishment for my heart, and your absence was jarring every second," William said as he rubbed her arms.

Tamasya had a complex expression on her face now. "What about the other girl you loved?"

William turned his head to look at her. "I still love her, and just like you, I can’t live without her."

Tamasya’s expression turned even more worried now, "So she is still your Woman??"

"Yes," William replied firmly.

"Then why??" Tamasya looked at William as if she had been wronged.

"Because her being my wife doesn’t mean that you can’t be my woman too, I want you both to be my wives," William said with certain confidence.

He was nervous in his heart; he had no idea how Tamasya would take it.

"What are you talking about?? Are you out of your mind? Does that girl even know that you are here, kissing your master all over??" Tamasya looked shocked at William’s straightforwardness.

"Yes, she knows that I love her, and she also knows how much I love you, Tamasya," William said firmly. He came forward. "That is why I want you to be my life partner," he said before holding her hands.

Tamasaya looked forward with a heavy expression now. She wanted to marry William, but the thought of another woman with him was a bit difficult for her.

"Can’t you make a choice between us??" Tamasya asked

"There is no choice; life without even one of you will be a mess for me," William said before he stood up.

"I am not a very great man, Tamasya. The only thing I know is that I will always protect you, care for you, and have you all for myself," he said, leaning forward.

"I have never said this before, but even if you reject me today, I won’t be giving up on us," William said while he searched her eyes.

"I didn’t think I was a very selfish man, but you proved me wrong. After realizing my love for you, I just know that I would never let any other man even come close to you. I want to have you all for myself, and I will make sure you are mine even if I have to go against fate itself."

William cupped Tamasya’s face. "So please be mine; otherwise, I will be forced to challenge fate," he said before planting a kiss on her lips.

Tamasya blushed, her eyes widened at William’s words; to be honest, she was also just holding herself right now; she wanted to leap into his arms and seal the promise of love.

A few seconds passed; William gave her space to think. He just lay beside her on the grassy ground to relax, waiting patiently for Tamasya to make a decision.

Meanwhile, in Tamsya’s mind, a storm unfolded.

<"You must take the position of first wife no matter what. I advise you to start the mating ritual immediately; take off your clothes and seduce him!!" Shadow spoke in a hurried voice.">

"Fuck, what the hell are you talking about, Shadow!!" Tamasya exclaimed.

<"I want to help you gain an upper hand in the power dynamics; someone like your mate won’t stop at only 2 women. You should claim the position of leader in the harem before the other elf.">

"Why are you assuming that I have already said yes to him??"

<"I mean, if you reject him at this point, it’s stupid, Tamasya. You are making scenarios about sharing your mate with other women, but I am sure the way your mate looks at you, he will never make you feel that you are competing for his attention and love.">

Tamasya understood what she was talking about; whenever Tamasya looked at William, all the complaints and grievances left her mind immediately, and the only emotion that was left was a deep and immense longing to be forever with him.

to wake up by his side daily and shower him with kisses, protect him from other vixens, and...

<"have some children with him">

"Huh??"

<"More children are equal to more power in the harem">

"Shadow, just shut up for a moment!!" Tamasya exclaimed before taking a sigh.

Her eyes focused, and she realized she had been sitting under the sound of a flowing river, completely lost in her thoughts.

She looked to the side only to see William, who had fallen asleep with a relaxed expression on his face. A subtle smile etched his face as he already knew that she belonged to him.

Tamasya smiled and came close to him; she waved her hands in front of his closed eyes to check whether he was really asleep. After shaking him lightly, she came to the conclusion that William had really drifted to sleep.

Tamasya took a deep breath before she lay by his side, turning over towards him, looking at his face.

Within a few minutes, even Tamsya felt a bit sleepy and eventually drifted to sleep, not before hugging him as her hands rested on his chest while her head rested in his arms.

Both of them lay there peacefully; a few butterflies fluttered around them as if they were flowers.