Chapter 270. New system of cultivation

[Ding!! Congratulations on completing the Unknown’s Chain Quest - Sub quest 3 - Make Rah pledge loyalty]

[You have been rewarded supreme grade spirit veins and a variance dantian at peak Body Tempering Realm]

"Hmm?? What do you mean by dantian?" William asked. He knew what dantians were. He had read some eastern novels where cultivators had dantians instead of a core, but this concept was never a part of the novel.

[Host, this world and that novel are not similar. It’s high time that you don’t associate every detail. Moreover, the variance energy belongs to a completely separate universe that has long been destroyed. It’s only natural that the powers and cultivation of Vykers are completely different from Aris natives]

[You must have noticed the [Level 1] marker in front of the echo awakened by Rah. That is because echo is a completely different type of power than anything on Aris. It grows with the user, unlike talents that only need rare conditions to be fulfilled to evolve.]

"So that means the cultivation realms are different too??"

[Yes, host. But good for you, we can make the Primordial God Flow Scripture compatible with variance energy by tweaking it a little. But it will still cost you around 4000 SP since the energy belongs to a different universe. The technique is not inherently compatible.]

"What the hell, you should have told me sooner that there was such a limitation!!" William did not like this fact. He did not have to spend SP when cultivating demonic energy and spiritual energy. Though he understood that variance was a foreign energy, he could just go ahead and get a dedicated technique to cultivate, since Primordial God Flow Scripture came with a limitation of not being able to use supplements and arrays during cultivation.

The system knew what William was thinking and decided to reassure him.

[Host, the Primordial God Flow Scripture is the best one for you. There is a reason that this technique was the only thing I seriously wanted you to purchase. The rest of the purchases were mostly your decisions.]

"Well, I remember the SATD blueprint," William spoke with a smirk, as if he had caught someone lying.

[Ahh, that was just me being hyped about it ≡(▔﹏▔)≡]

William just shook his head. "Fine, I guess. Tell me more about the cultivation process of this variance energy."

[Host, unlike the natives of Aris, people of this world, which we may tentatively call the ’Flux Realm’, are not born with any energy core. They cultivate and form a core called a dantian, which is completely different from a mana core or any other energy core used to cultivate on Aris and its universe.]

[Unlike the natives of Aris, who only know 3 stages of cultivation, this world, specifically Vykers, know 9 stages of cultivation.]

[Those nine are:

Body Tempering Realm Qi Refinement Realm Foundation Establishment Realm Core Formation Golden Core Realm Nascent Soul Realm Soul Transformation Realm Empyrean Realm Transcendent Realm]

[Each of these stages is divided into 3 levels - lower, intermediate, peak.]

William nodded with amazement. It turned out this universe had a much clearer path for cultivation than Aris. "How can we compare the cultivation stages in Aris with these? Where do I stand??"

[The mortal stage in Aris’s system = Body Tempering stage in the Flux Realm]

[F, E, D ranks = lower]

[C, B, A ranks = intermediate]

[S, SS, SSS = peak]

[Divinity stage (Ascension, Divine Spark, Divine Authority) = Qi Refinement (lower, intermediate, peak)]

[Divinity stage (Pseudo Divinity, Full Divinity) = Foundation Establishment Realm (lower, intermediate, peak)]

[Complete Godhood stage = Complete Core Formation ]

[So you stand at the peak of the Body Tempering stage currently in terms of mana and spiritual energy, while for demonic energy you are at the Foundation Establishment stage.]

[This is a rough estimate to compare the powers of natives that come from two entirely different cultivation systems.]

William was in deep thought as he saw the comparison. One thing that stood out was how, for people on Aris, the revered Godhood stage was just equal to the Core Formation Realm in terms of the Flux world and Vykers.

"What is the cultivation realm of Rah??" William asked. He had been curious from earlier.

[Lower - Core Formation Realm, host] the system spoke.

"Damn!! Godhood stage?? And he just became my servant??"

[Host, there are different cultivation philosophies in every world. While on Aris people respect the strength one currently possesses, in this Flux world, or maybe even the destroyed civilization, they must have respected the potential of a person much more than current power.]

[Immortality is generally the goal of such civilizations that are advanced in cultivation, while in Aris even gods can be killed. The growth of Aris was not similar to what would have been in the Flux world due to many reasons we are not even aware of.]

[So according to my observations, Rah was impressed by you summoning flux beams from the sky and chose to bet on your potential.]

"Sigh!!" William sighed while listening to the system’s words. "So much changes after this. I need to drop my previous constraints and raise my standards," William spoke.

He then looked at the screen and asked, "So what does ’supreme grade spirit veins’ mean??"

[There are methods to assess the potential of a cultivator in the Flux cultivation system through the grade of spirit veins. Supreme grade is a very good quality, host.]

William nodded. Most of the information was in line with his understanding. The exciting part was that he had been awarded a dantian.

[It is just a proto dantian, host. Only after attaining the Qi Refinement Realm will you be able to call it a dantian. And only after Core Formation will this dantian condense like a core of energy. For now, it’s just a speck of variance energy swirling.]

"Fine," William nodded. At least he was happy that his body was not protesting the use of variance energy, and it was not trying to eat him like before, thanks to Unknown.

He raised his hand and summoned a speck of energy on his palm. A teal blue crackle occurred above his fingers like a spark. Almost immediately, it turned into a blue flame, and within seconds it turned into solid rock. Even when that was not enough, it turned into liquid in his hands within seconds.

Before William could say something, the liquid dispersed and evaporated like gas.

"What the fuck??"

[Variance energy shows random entropic behavior. I am finding it difficult to draw conclusions on its application. Maybe you should try the shop and get some good spells so that we can study it further.]

William nodded and opened the shop. He went to browse the spell section for variance energy. Without waiting, he filtered only god-rank techniques.

He read the list of spells, and each one confused him even more than before. "Mortal Soul Feast??" he read aloud.

"Kill low lives and satiate your hunger. One mortal soul = 1 year without food?? What the heck??" he exclaimed at the madness of this spell.

His eyes moved to the next technique.

"Genome Alteration, alter DNA of anyone with a lower existence level than you??"

William’s lips curled. "Grimlock would love this."

Before he could move ahead, something distant sounded in his ears.

"MY LORD SAVE US!!!" a shout echoed in the distance.

He turned to look at the small figures approaching from miles away. He saw his slaves and servants running away as if a catastrophe had occurred.

Maris was at the front with Barash, Ronin, Grimlock, Amorphous, and others following her behind in fright.

A few minutes later, he saw the massive figure of Rah diving from the sky straight towards them.

William could see the glee in Rah’s eyes. He knew that this guy was having fun bullying others.

William shook his head before deciding to intervene.