Chapter 252. End of a demonic cult - 4

"Just watch the show." William (Blue Raven) stood from his seat in the cockpit of the spacecraft that was hovering above the Clayman cult’s headquarters silently.

Several stealth and camouflage formations were actively working, hiding the structure from sight, yet a normal mana signature scan feature in the spacecraft revealed the structure precisely in front of everyone standing in the huge cockpit.

The camouflage meant nothing now; the cult’s headquarters was laid bare like a target in front of them.

Blue Raven turned his head and looked at Yue Qinglan straight in her eyes. With a smile etched on his face, he told her,

"Miss Yue, this is the first mission of our cult. Since you were so curious about our capabilities, let me dedicate this victory to your name."

His tone carried a strange mix of politeness and certainty, as if the outcome had already been decided long before this moment.

"What do you mean by saying ’victory,’ Lord Blue Raven?? We haven’t even started attacking them yet" Yue chuckled and asked him for the intent behind his words. Her Tone was more curious than mocking; she wondered what he was hinting at.

William (blue raven) chuckled.

"Well, i have already started," he said making everyone puzzeled but that cloud of doubt was cleared when he raised his hands and clicked his fingers, making sure everyone saw it.

The gesture was trivial, yet significant enough to imprint itself into everyone’s memory.

The moment his fingers clicked, the small aray patch that Grimlock had planted a few hours ago on the explosives pulsed with mana as it activated

Booooooooooommmm!!

A massive explosion wrecked the area below, shaking the foundations of the massive Clayman cult’s headquarters.

Every stealth formation and camouflaging array etched on the walls of the structure was disrupted as the explosion originated from inside, something those formations weren’t designed for; they were expected to protect from attacks being launched from outside.

The carefully constructed defenses became meaningless in an instant, unable to respond to a threat they were never meant to detect.

The explosion was so massive that the shockwave and flames rose to the level of the spacecraft, although the vessel remained unaffected, but the torn flesh, blood, and bones that got flung in the air were enough proof to make everyone’s eyes widen in shock.

The sheer scale of destruction erased any doubt that this was not a delibrate attack planned and prepared for over the period of several days.

William (blue raven) turned to look at everyone’s gaping mouths, especially Yue’s. Their reactions confirmed that none of them had anticipated an explosion at such a scale.

He wondered how Aurelius would react if he told him that this was a surprise his dear brother had prepared for him and his army.

"I hope you like my present," he told Yue Qinglan before walking out of the cockpit and leaving his words behind.

"I advise you guys to follow me as soon as possible before the main leaders escape." His words shifted the focus immediately as if the explosion had only been the opening move for him and he had more plans ahead.

Everyone in the room, Aurelius, the hounds, and the two ladies, Andrea and Yue, moved hurriedly towards the hull of the spacecraft.

The hull opened up, and everyone took off into the air. The ground below expanded into full view, revealing destruction still unfolding by the flames and poisonous gases mixed with smoke.

Blue Raven looked at Aurelius immediately.

"Erect a water element barrier around a one-mile radius; there was a poisonous gas that was mixed in the clouds of the explosion. Control and compress it before these clouds travel to nearby empires."

His instructions told everyone how much preparation Blue Raven had done and how the sudden decision to attack so soon was not taken on a whim.

In fact, Blue Raven knew about the presence of poisonous gas and had accounted for the fact that the poison might spread in the air and cause problems across the land.

Aurelius complied immediately; William (Blue Raven) then looked at the ten hounds and instructed him further, "Order them to capture the leaders as soon as possible, cover yourself with mana, and avoid speaking in poison."

William spoke, while Aurelius did not question him since he realized that the guy had a plan.

A plan that might just make things several times easier for him.

As the hounds were about to enter the flames and go for the capture, several projectiles of spells and weapons were hurled towards them from behind the burning structure, indicating that not everyone was dead even after the explosion.

The hounds, now facing the raging flames and smoke, couldn’t spot the enemies clearly.

To solve this, William took out the Nine-heavens storm cleaver sword that he had been rewarded with a 100X return for Ethan’s Azure-stormblade.

The moment it appeared, the battlefield gained a new center of gravity.

As soon as the sword appeared in his hands, every eye turned to look at the sword. Attention shifted instinctively, drawn not by curiosity but by instinctive recognition of danger.

"An ancient grade weapon!!," Yue murmured cluelessly in shock, looking at the sword; she did not know how to make sense of everything now. Her understanding of power was being challenged in real time.

Even though she didn’t have an ancient-grade weapon on her, she knew the catastrophe one could bring, and not just her. Andrea, by her side, gulped.

The rarity alone made its presence here unnatural.

Looking at the sword in his hands, she did not understand what to say; even astral wardens didn’t carry such weapons. Ancient rank is a rank at which a weapon, after being used for so many millennia, condenses a will of its own; a consciousness starts awakening in it, and the bearer becomes the chosen one for this weapon.

Such weapons were not simply owned; they chose their owners. They had a will that couldn’t be tamed.

There were only myths around these weapons. Even Yue and Andrea had only glimpsed such a weapon for only a few brief moments, yet the second they looked at the sword in William’s hands, they just knew what it was.

Andrea and Yue felt it, the sword screaming with excitement; their hands clenched, and they felt uncomfortable looking at it.

Both of them could hear the declaration this weapon was trying to make. Not just them, Aurelius and the hounds who were about to attack halted suddenly as they felt the chills behind their backs.

The flaming headquarters from where screams could be heard a while ago died down as if the sword’s presence were being respected by the dead.

William did not say much; he blasted into the air towards the base with the sword in his hands. The storm element danced around the blade as if it had found a lover.

"Heaven-sundering divine sword art"

"Origin Severance"

A whisper left the William’s mouth, and the blade that was being held in both of his hands moved; a vertical slash was initiated by him. The technique was executed flawlessly.

While the blade moved, a flashback of his training reminded William of his starting days. The day the mountain was cleaved by him after a hellish training of 14 years was over, he had been alone. The only thing driving him was his revenge.

Slash!

The air in front of him ripped as a slash of storm mana erupted vertically.

The ground below, the heavy reinforced structure of the headquarters, the enemies who still drew breath, the forest beyond the headquarters, the air, the flames, and the smoke.

Nothing was spared from the path of the slash.

Everything was cleaved.

The building was split apart and opened like a broken eggshell; several bodies of survivors of the explosion were cleaved as well. Survival from the first blast offered no protection from this.

The expression on the face of every witness was testament to the might of the sword as well as the force behind it.

Shock gave way to fear as understanding settled in.

The only thing that contained the slash was Aurelius’s barrier; the difference in cultivation realms was still wide apart. William was SS-ranked while Aurelius was at full divinity, a whole stage apart.

Yet to Aurelius as well as Andrea, Yue, and others, it seemed like the blue raven had deliberately used a low amount of mana to not to cause collateral destruction.

They assumed that the blue raven had shown restraint.

Such an assumption caused another wave of panic; after all, if the attack was this lethal with the small amount of mana, then how destructive would an attack become if the Blue Raven used his full cultivation base?

That assumption was shared by everyone; after all, no organization can be led by mere SS-rank mortals. Also, an ancient weapon would never end up in the hands of someone in that realm.

Doubt began to turn into a realization that what they were witnessing might only be a fraction of what this man or the organization behind him was capable of.