Chapter 197. Yue’s divination - 2

"Yes, it seems Demon Lord Bellial is making a move." Yue spoke in a grim voice.

"Tsk, that pesky demon," Tamasya gritted her teeth in frustration as she remembered fighting that demon lord.

"What do you think his motive is this time?" Tamasya asked while looking at both the women in front of her.

"Dunno," Yue shrugged while looking at Andrea. Tamasya followed her gaze and looked at Andrea too, as the principal of the world academy, only Andrea would know better why Demon Lord Bellial would attack at this point in time.

Because both of them knew that Bellial was not like other demon lords; he was a being who schemed to the core and always played by deception.

Andrea took a deep breath. "Well, 20 years ago, there was a major battle between the celestial army and demon lord Bellial’s forces inside the abyss. In that battle, Bellial captured one of our commanders; at that time, he approached me after a week, asking to make a deal with him in exchange for the captured commander.

Andrea spoke with a grim expression.

"What did he ask for??" Tamasya looked at Andrea with curiosity.

"He is specializing in illusions and deception, and his fighting style is based on deception, but it also leaves many weak points and holds him back from being the overlord inside the abyss. The academy holds something that can fill the gap and make him several times more powerful than he currently is."

This time both yue and tamasya brows perked "what are you talking about?"

Andrea looked at them seriously. "The ancient actualization array," she spoke, making the two ladies gasp.

"Are you talking about the one that is used to conduct trials every year??" Tamasya asked, and Andrea simply nodded.

Andrea then continued, "Yes, thanks to the formation, I don’t even know where it draws energy to run from; it’s been running for thousands of years. It ran when I was a student here, and it runs even now when I have become the principal. The actualization array’s origins are unknown to even me; only the primal astral wardens might know something about that array."

"So, the actualization array would make Bellial help him bridge the gap between illusions and reality?" Tamasya asked.

"That’s what he thinks," Andrea spoke. "No way I would have even given such a strategic asset to a demon. When I refused his offer, he warned me, saying that he would take it by force if negotiations don’t work."

Andrea then looked at Yue. "After 5 years of this incident, we know what happened to him; he went into hiding to recover his injuries. Now it seems he is back to take what he was looking for from a very long time," she spoke and let the revelation settle in both of them.

A few moments of silence prevailed as all three of them got occupied in their own thoughts.

Tamasya sighed and leaned back on her chair, then she looked up at the clouds and said, "I wish I was present at that time with you guys; things would have been different."

"Yeah, we missed you extra hard at that time," Yue chuckled lightly, although she spoke those words with a heavy heart.

Andrea, meanwhile, had a sad expression on her face. "You could have done something I was not able to do, I am sure of it; you could have saved Annastasia and her child..." As Andrea spoke, the last few words came out heavy and breathy as some weight had been placed on her heart, a weight of tragedy that she could not forget.

Yue gulped absentmindedly as she heard Andrea while Tamasya clenched the hem of her dress while her gaze dropped low in regret.

"That child was just born a few hours ago, and I don’t even know what these bastards did to him." Andrea’s voice cracked, and she took off her glasses to rub her moist eyes.

"I always used to tell Anne how excited I was that someone would finally call me ’aunt,’ that I would have a niece or nephew whom I would witness growing up from a baby to an adult. Me and Yue would always tease her that as her child’s aunts we would raise the kid our way and shape him up to be the strongest emperor on the whole continent."

At this point, looking at Andrea, who was almost about to cry, Yue came by her side and rubbed her back while her expression turned gloomy as well; she remembered what had happened fifteen years ago, and the memories made her uneasy.

Meanwhile Tamasya clenched her teeth hard and clenched her fist; the regret of not being there for her people, her family, grew even harder.

Instead of sadness, frustration, helplessness, and anger had now turned into a storm and were hitting her harder than before.

When she had arrived back from the prison of gods, she had only heard a shortened, verbal narration of events; she was not even a firsthand witness of events that had happened 15 years ago, and that feeling ate her from inside. As someone from the Shadow Clan, Tamasya knew how the church treated anyone they deemed evil and impure.

The heavy atmosphere took a few minutes to cool down.

"Any news of him??" Yue asked

Andrea shook her head. "Chances of survival are low after fighting a god; I doubt he is alive, and we have no idea what happened to him after he crossed the barrier."

Tamasya nodded. "Yeah, even temporary manifestations of true gods that are limited by the heavens made me helpless in a fight and were able to seal my powers. I couldn’t even believe it when Andrea told me that Anne’s husband fought against the light god and managed to injure him."

Andrea looked at her and said, "The divine physique holders have always been anomalies. We have the titan heir Galeion in this generation; I am just waiting for him to awaken before I take him under my tutelage."

Yue looked at them and nodded before a faint memory flashed in her mind and her eyes widened and she slapped her forehead.

"Fuck!!" she exclaimed.

"What happened?" Both Andrea and Tamasya looked at her in surprise.

Yue clicked her tongue before saying, "How could I forget this?"

"A year ago, Aurelius woke me up from my meditation; he described a weird phenomenon where he said that the sun appeared during nighttime for a few moments." Yue said

"Yes, I heard about that; the elders were alarmed about this phenomenon," Andrea told them. "So, did you divine about it?"

Yue nodded. "Unfortunately, out of curiosity, I attempted a low-level divination around the phenomena; the only answer I got was that a divine physique was sprouting somewhere in the territory of my empire."

"What!!!!" Both Tamsya and Andrea were shocked; Andrea even left her seat and stood in shock. "You are telling this now!!!"

Yue made a cracking expression like she messed up. "I don’t know why, but I forgot about it the next day, like something wanted me to forget about it."

"Only after hearing you did that memory flashed in my mind, and that too vaguely."

Andrea gritted her teeth. "Don’t know my ass!! You are just getting old."

Yue looked at Andrea and sighed, "reasonable crash-out."

Tamasya, meanwhile, had her eyes widened. "What did you see in the vision??" she asked, breaking Yue’s dialogue with Andrea.

Both of them looked at her. Andrea got quiet, waiting for Yue to answer, "I saw a silhouette of a young man and a blinding sun behind him that stopped me from seeing his face, and that too for a few seconds. Immediately after that, the vision changed, and all I saw was darkness, like something wanted me to not see what I was witnessing. I thought that it was simply an effect of a divine physique."

Andrea and Tamsya looked at each other, then Tamsya addressed Yue. "So you say that you saw a sun, right??"

"Yes," Yue nodded.

"And that day the sun rose into the sky during the night?"

"Yes"

Andrea asked this, "Didn’t your mind connect this piece of information to the Solaris Empire and the fact that Anne’s husband had a similar physique related to the sun?"

Silence settled between the three of them, and then Yue’s eyes widened.

"Wait a min," Yue said suddenly, her posture ruffled, and she clenched her temples as if her mind were suddenly feeling heavy.

Both Andrea and Tamasya got alarmed as they looked at the strange behavior.

Suddenly Yue’s head snapped back, and she started shivering uncontrollably.

"Yue!!!!" Tamasya and Andrea came to her side to hold her, but as soon as both of them touched her, a pink wave of energy got released. Sending both of them flying back a few meters away.

Caught off guard and under the effect of the strange energy shock, both Tamsya and Andrea crashed to the ground while their shocked eyes remained pinned to Yue.

Yue’s body, meanwhile, was literally shaking wildly before it levitated from the ground. Suddenly an astral projection of a pink lotus appeared behind her, and her shaking stopped.

Before Andrea and Tamasya could do something, the clouds quaked wildly above the whole Aris.

Thunder with a shade of amethyst rumbled in the sky so suddenly that some people almost got a heart attack.

All the powerhouses across the whole land looked towards the sky, and only one word came out of their mouths. "The heavens"